připomínat	připomínal bys	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;MASC;czech
balistický	balistická	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;czech
demoralizovat	demoralizovala jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;NEUT;czech
glóbus	glóby	N;ACC;PL;czech
geniální	geniální	ADJ;NOM;PL;czech
dehydratovat	dehydratuje	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;czech
napodobit	napodobili jsme	V;IND;PST;2;PL;NEUT;czech
parník	parníkem	N;INS;SG;czech
pročíst	byly bychom pročetly	V;COND;PST;1;PL;FEM;czech
Němka	Němce	N;ESS;SG;czech
řeč	řeči	N;NOM;PL;czech
nenávidět	nenávidili jsme	V;IND;PST;2;PL;FEM;czech
pasáž	pasáže	N;ACC;PL;czech
udělat	udělá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;czech
východoevropský	‎východoevropské	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;czech
chiropterolog	chiropterologu	N;VOC;SG;czech
vlastenecký	vlastenecké	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;czech
masitý	masitém	ADJ;ESS;MASC;SG;czech
jít	půjdu	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;czech
tele	tele	N;ACC;SG;czech
religiózní	religiózní	ADJ;NOM;SG;czech
Rumun	Rumunovi	N;DAT;SG;czech
místnost	místností	N;INS;SG;czech
jistit	jistíte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;czech
furiant	furianta	N;ACC;SG;czech
psychóza	psychóza	N;NOM;SG;czech
chovat	byla bych chovala	V;COND;PST;1;SG;FEM;czech
zebra	zebrám	N;DAT;PL;czech
balení	balení	N;ACC;SG;czech
rákoska	rákosky	N;NOM;PL;czech
imputovat	byla byste imputovala	V;COND;PST;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
hniloba	hnilobě	N;ACC;SG;czech
čichový	čichové	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;czech
formální	formální	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
palpovat	palpoval jste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FORM;MASC;czech
antropomorfní	antropomorfním	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
destilace	destilaci	N;ACC;SG;czech
vyhrazený	vyhrazenou	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;czech
deprimovat	deprimování	V.CVB;czech
král	králem	N;INS;SG;czech
kategorizovat	kategorizuje	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;czech
libý	libých	ADJ;GEN;PL;czech
úsměvný	úsměvnému	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;czech
řídký	řídké	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;czech
slon	slonech	N;ESS;PL;czech
importovat	importovali jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
pečárka	pečárkách	N;ESS;PL;czech
molekulární	molekulárního	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
odemykat	odemykal	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;MASC;SG;czech
schéma	schématu	N;DAT;SG;czech
odehrávat	odehrávaly by	V;COND;PRS;3;PL;FEM;czech
fascinovat	fascinovalo	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;NEUT;SG;czech
překvapivý	překvapivé	ADJ;ESS;FEM;SG;czech
komunikovat	byli byste komunikovali	V;COND;PST;2;PL;MASC;czech
ležák	ležáku	N;VOC;SG;czech
aritmetika	aritmetika	N;NOM;SG;czech
světec	světcem	N;INS;SG;czech
dát	bylo bych dalo	V;COND;PST;1;SG;NEUT;czech
adresovat	adresovala byste	V;COND;PRS;2;PL;NEUT;czech
rozkoukat	rozkoukala jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;NEUT;czech
bezpatkový	bezpatkovém	ADJ;ESS;MASC;SG;czech
elastický	elastickému	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
rytmický	rytmické	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;czech
bourat	bouráte	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;FORM;czech
tvrzení	tvrzení	N;GEN;SG;czech
cvičit	cvičí	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;czech
bahenní	bahenní	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;czech
lopatka	lopatkám	N;DAT;PL;czech
nárokovat	nárokující	V.PTCP;czech
pasovat	pasoval bys	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;MASC;czech
grupa	grupě	N;DAT;SG;czech
ušák	ušáci	N;VOC;INAN;PL;czech
civilizovaný	civilizovaného	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
dobrý	dobrým	ADJ;DAT;PL;czech
adoptovat	adoptován	V.PTCP;PASS;MASC;SG;czech
mýdlový	mýdlový	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;czech
absolvent	absolventy	N;INS;PL;czech
amerikanistika	amerikanistice	N;DAT;SG;czech
výpis	výpisu	N;GEN;SG;czech
židle	židli	N;ESS;SG;czech
zlomyslnost	zlomyslnosti	N;NOM;PL;czech
kupovat	kupujíc	V.CVB;PRS;FEM;SG;czech
pozemský	pozemskému	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;czech
odpovídat	odpovídali byste	V;COND;PRS;2;PL;MASC;czech
administrativa	administrativě	N;DAT;SG;czech
napadat	budou napadat	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;czech
rajče	rajče	N;VOC;SG;czech
násada	násadou	N;INS;SG;czech
nosič	nosič	N;ACC;SG;czech
akademik	akademika	N;ACC;SG;czech
bezpodmínečný	bezpodmínečných	ADJ;GEN;PL;czech
kategorizovat	kategorizovaly by	V;COND;PRS;1;PL;MASC;INAN;czech
nesmyslný	nesmyslné	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;czech
dehydratovat	budeš dehydratovat	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;czech
velryba	velryby	N;ACC;PL;czech
ochutnávat	ochutnávalo jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;NEUT;czech
elementární	elementární	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;czech
biometrický	biometrické	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;czech
odbíhat	odbíhav	V.CVB;PST;MASC;SG;czech
ignorovat	ignorováno	V.PTCP;PASS;NEUT;SG;czech
nalepovat	nalepovala jste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
kudlanka	kudlankám	N;DAT;PL;czech
prdel	prdele	N;NOM;PL;czech
vietnamský	vietnamské	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;czech
slavný	slavného	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;czech
úsměvný	úsměvného	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
přítel	příteli	N;DAT;SG;czech
adjektivní	adjektivní	ADJ;ACC;PL;czech
tričko	tričkům	N;DAT;PL;czech
velký	velkým	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
dobrotivý	dobrotivým	ADJ;DAT;PL;czech
náušnice	náušnici	N;ACC;SG;czech
zápěstí	zápěstí	N;GEN;PL;czech
svět	světů	N;GEN;PL;czech
veterán	veteránovi	N;ESS;SG;czech
gravimetrický	gravimetrická	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;czech
plán	plánech	N;ESS;PL;czech
nářeční	nářeční	ADJ;NOM;PL;czech
kapesné	kapesné	N;VOC;SG;czech
přečíst	přečetlo byste	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;FORM;NEUT;czech
vyhovovat	vyhovovalo bys	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;NEUT;czech
nejedovatý	nejedovatých	ADJ;ESS;PL;czech
palpovat	palpovat	V;NFIN;czech
podnebí	podnebí	N;NOM;PL;czech
chvástat	chvástáno	V.PTCP;PASS;NEUT;SG;czech
parodovat	byly byste parodovaly	V;COND;PST;2;PL;FEM;czech
důvěřovat	budeš důvěřovat	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;czech
povolávat	povolávaly bychom	V;COND;PRS;1;PL;FEM;czech
telegraf	telegrafy	N;VOC;PL;czech
předloha	předloze	N;DAT;SG;czech
slanina	slanině	N;ESS;SG;czech
prach	prachu	N;GEN;SG;czech
orientovat	orientující	V.PTCP;czech
neobvyklý	neobvyklou	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;czech
chemie	chemii	N;DAT;SG;czech
žvýkat	žvýkalo	V;IND;PST;3;SG;NEUT;czech
editovat	editovalo bych	V;COND;PRS;1;SG;NEUT;czech
klíště	klíšťatech	N;ESS;PL;czech
dělba	dělbu	N;ACC;SG;czech
broskev	broskvi	N;DAT;SG;czech
vznešený	vznešené	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
psychický	psychickém	ADJ;ESS;MASC;SG;czech
číst	čtena	V.PTCP;PASS;NEUT;PL;czech
ztuhlý	ztuhlou	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;czech
služba	služby	N;GEN;SG;czech
souboj	souboj	N;NOM;SG;czech
opona	opon	N;GEN;PL;czech
narcis	narcisů	N;GEN;PL;czech
struhadlo	struhadlu	N;ESS;SG;czech
odpovídat	odpovídej	V;IMP;2;SG;czech
nebesa	nebesa	N;ACC;PL;czech
informovat	informovala jste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
biometrický	biometrickým	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
materiál	materiálům	N;DAT;PL;czech
nachlazení	nachlazeních	N;ESS;PL;czech
hodit	hodili	V;IND;PST;3;PL;FEM;czech
lakonický	lakonická	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;czech
chvíle	chvíle	N;ACC;PL;czech
křičet	křičel	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FEM;czech
extrapolovat	extrapolovala bychom	V;COND;PRS;1;PL;NEUT;czech
počitkový	počitkovém	ADJ;ESS;NEUT;SG;czech
četný	četnou	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;czech
baklažán	baklažáne	N;VOC;SG;czech
desátý	desátého	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
inženýr	inženýra	N;ACC;SG;czech
hliněný	hliněnému	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
archeologický	archeologické	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;czech
oxidovat	oxidujete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;czech
úrok	úrok	N;ACC;SG;czech
přehrada	přehrady	N;ACC;PL;czech
zobecněný	zobecněný	ADJ;ACC;INAN;MASC;SG;czech
aforistický	aforistická	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;czech
zanedbatelný	zanedbatelným	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
akánština	akánštinu	N;ACC;SG;czech
jedenáctý	jedenácté	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
slušný	slušným	ADJ;DAT;PL;czech
píchat	píchal by	V;COND;PRS;3;SG;MASC;czech
křižník	křižníkem	N;INS;SG;czech
vyčerpávající	vyčerpávající	ADJ;NOM;SG;czech
káva	kávo	N;VOC;SG;czech
etnický	etnickým	ADJ;DAT;PL;czech
adoptovat	byly bychom adoptovaly	V;COND;PST;1;PL;FEM;czech
čtivý	čtivém	ADJ;ESS;NEUT;SG;czech
zmrzlina	zmrzlinu	N;ACC;SG;czech
čaj	čaji	N;ESS;SG;czech
štít	štítech	N;ESS;PL;czech
medicína	medicínách	N;ESS;PL;czech
konečný	konečné	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;czech
nacista	nacistu	N;ACC;SG;czech
praxe	praxe	N;NOM;SG;czech
mateřský	mateřského	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
křehký	křehké	ADJ;ESS;FEM;SG;czech
čekat	čekala byste	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
mastný	mastného	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
přijít	přišlo jsem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;NEUT;czech
kalibrovat	kalibrování	V.CVB;czech
jihoamerický	jihoamerický	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;czech
nemyslící	‎nemyslící	ADJ;NOM;SG;czech
gramatický	gramatickými	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
stupňovat	stupňovali	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
tříčtvrtka	tříčtvrtky	N;NOM;PL;czech
protihorečnatý	protihorečnatého	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
meditovat	meditovalo	V;IND;PST;3;SG;NEUT;czech
moucha	mouchou	N;INS;SG;czech
extrapolovat	extrapolovala jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FEM;czech
zelenooký	zelenookému	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
etický	etického	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
žák	žáku	N;DAT;SG;czech
opalovat	opalujete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;czech
prut	prut	N;NOM;SG;czech
poznávat	poznávavši	V.CVB;PST;FEM;SG;czech
důvěra	důvěře	N;ESS;SG;czech
emancipační	emancipační	ADJ;ACC;PL;czech
senzacechtivý	senzacechtivé	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
vlastenecký	vlasteneckým	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
flambovat	flambuji	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;czech
široký	široké	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;czech
předmanželský	předmanželské	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;czech
ovládat	ovládal bych	V;COND;PRS;1;SG;MASC;czech
soudobý	soudobá	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;czech
zákazník	zákazníka	N;GEN;SG;czech
agrese	agrese	N;ACC;PL;czech
kaše	kaše	N;VOC;SG;czech
algebra	algeber	N;GEN;PL;czech
zbožný	zbožných	ADJ;GEN;PL;czech
etický	etické	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;czech
slavný	slavného	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
kojot	kojotovi	N;DAT;SG;czech
hřbitov	hřbitovů	N;GEN;PL;czech
pitomý	pitomé	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;czech
vředový	vředové	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;czech
výrok	výrocích	N;ESS;PL;czech
osel	osly	N;INS;PL;czech
vědomý	vědomé	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;czech
učitelský	učitelský	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;czech
těžký	těžkému	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
krevní	krevním	ADJ;ESS;NEUT;SG;czech
alžbětinský	alžbětinská	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;czech
otékat	otékejme	V;IMP;1;PL;czech
nerovnoměrný	nerovnoměrnému	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;czech
letovat	letovaly byste	V;COND;PRS;2;PL;FEM;czech
čekat	čekal jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;MASC;czech
svoboda	svobody	N;GEN;SG;czech
plameňák	plameňácích	N;ESS;PL;czech
poměrový	poměrovému	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;czech
omlouvat	bylo bych omlouvalo	V;COND;PST;1;SG;NEUT;czech
druhový	druhová	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;czech
noha	noha	N;NOM;SG;czech
důvěřovat	důvěřovala	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;FEM;SG;czech
brzda	brzdě	N;ESS;SG;czech
zásaditý	zásaditá	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;czech
hnát	budou hnát	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;czech
posílat	posílala byste	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
kobliha	koblihy	N;NOM;PL;czech
etický	etické	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;czech
katoda	katodě	N;ESS;SG;czech
bagrovat	bagrovali	V;IND;PST;3;PL;MASC;ANIM;czech
galvanický	galvanické	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
obsahovat	obsahovaly jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;FEM;czech
hokej	hokej	N;NOM;SG;czech
komunikovat	byl by komunikoval	V;COND;PST;3;SG;MASC;czech
tisíc	tisíce	N;ACC;PL;czech
transponovat	transponovány	V.PTCP;PASS;INAN;MASC;PL;czech
škytat	škytaly	V;IND;PST;3;PL;FEM;czech
ekologický	ekologická	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;czech
rybník	rybník	N;ACC;SG;czech
reraisovat	reraisoval jste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FORM;MASC;czech
přítomný	přítomných	ADJ;ESS;PL;czech
parcela	parcele	N;DAT;SG;czech
dolet	dolety	N;INS;PL;czech
nostalgický	nostalgická	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;czech
nářeční	nářečního	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
excitovat	excitující	V.PTCP;czech
napadat	napadaly by	V;COND;PRS;3;PL;FEM;czech
duha	duhu	N;ACC;SG;czech
britonský	britonská	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;czech
branka	branka	N;NOM;SG;czech
parkovat	parkovat	V;NFIN;czech
citovat	citoval byste	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;FORM;MASC;czech
listovat	listoval bych	V;COND;PRS;1;SG;MASC;czech
hrad	hrady	N;ACC;PL;czech
vtip	vtipy	N;NOM;PL;czech
synaptický	synaptičtí	ADJ;VOC;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
loch	loch	N;ACC;SG;czech
sekyra	sekyra	N;NOM;SG;czech
impozantní	impozantním	ADJ;INS;NEUT;SG;czech
agresivita	agresivitě	N;DAT;SG;czech
křupavý	křupavé	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;czech
Makedonec	Makedonci	N;DAT;SG;czech
bramborový	bramboroví	ADJ;NOM;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
fichtovský	fichtovskými	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
reproduktor	reproduktorech	N;ESS;PL;czech
kanonický	kanonické	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;czech
kalhoty	kalhoty	N;VOC;PL;czech
veliký	veliký	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;czech
fantastický	fantastické	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;czech
zachmuřený	zachmuřené	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;czech
psychogenní	psychogenního	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
listovat	listovaly	V;IND;PST;3;PL;MASC;INAN;czech
krystalizovat	krystalizovali byste	V;COND;PRS;2;PL;MASC;czech
hraniční	hraniční	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
kroupa	kroupy	N;ACC;PL;czech
implementovat	bylo bys implementovalo	V;COND;PST;2;SG;NEUT;czech
neziskovka	neziskovky	N;GEN;SG;czech
obličejový	obličejové	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
přijít	přišli	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
tajemný	tajemná	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;czech
náhradní	náhradních	ADJ;ESS;PL;czech
granát	granátů	N;GEN;PL;czech
blamáž	blamážím	N;DAT;PL;czech
ambasáda	ambasády	N;GEN;SG;czech
oproštěný	oproštěnými	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
násada	násadami	N;INS;PL;czech
levý	levé	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;czech
mezilidský	mezilidské	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;czech
pronásledovat	pronásledují	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;czech
fotka	fotkám	N;DAT;PL;czech
veřejný	veřejná	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;czech
nesmělý	nesmělé	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;czech
sekat	sekána	V.PTCP;PASS;FEM;SG;czech
mezioborový	mezioborovými	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
předpotopní	předpotopním	ADJ;INS;NEUT;SG;czech
Alžířan	Alžířanovi	N;ESS;SG;czech
meditovat	meditovaly jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;FEM;czech
tuleň	tuleně	N;GEN;SG;czech
žehlička	žehličky	N;NOM;PL;czech
regulovat	regulovaly	V;IND;PST;3;PL;FEM;czech
koktat	byli byste koktali	V;COND;PST;2;PL;MASC;czech
čvachtat	čvachtalo jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;NEUT;czech
učitel	učitele	N;GEN;SG;czech
lehkomyslný	lehkomyslného	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
divadlo	divadlo	N;ACC;SG;czech
přívětivý	přívětivou	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;czech
extravagantní	extravagantního	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;czech
soused	sousedovi	N;ESS;SG;czech
žvýkat	žvýkala jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FEM;czech
krátkodobý	krátkodobému	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
kloktat	byla bychom kloktala	V;COND;PST;1;PL;NEUT;czech
avizovat	avizovala jste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
lišácký	lišácké	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
nálada	nálady	N;GEN;SG;czech
odštěpovat	odštěpovalo	V;IND;PST;3;SG;NEUT;czech
duhovka	duhovkami	N;INS;PL;czech
zobák	zobáku	N;GEN;SG;czech
bujný	bujná	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;czech
etologický	etologickém	ADJ;ESS;MASC;SG;czech
datlovat	datloval jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;MASC;czech
následovat	byla byste následovala	V;COND;PST;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
vietnamský	vietnamským	ADJ;DAT;PL;czech
sedmý	sedmý	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;czech
parkovat	parkovali	V;IND;PST;3;PL;MASC;ANIM;czech
stopa	stopám	N;DAT;PL;czech
příklad	příklad	N;NOM;SG;czech
řiť	řiť	N;NOM;SG;czech
hymna	hymnami	N;INS;PL;czech
reraisovat	reraisuješ	V;IND;PST;2;SG;czech
darovat	darovala bychom	V;COND;PRS;1;PL;NEUT;czech
mošt	mošty	N;INS;PL;czech
motivovat	motivoval jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;MASC;czech
žonglovat	budete žonglovat	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;FORM;czech
bryndák	bryndáky	N;NOM;PL;czech
odemykat	odemykala bys	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;FEM;czech
gratulovat	gratulovali jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
nebe	nebích	N;ESS;PL;czech
posílat	byl by posílal	V;COND;PST;3;SG;MASC;czech
obchodovat	obchodujíce	V.CVB;PRS;MASC;SG;czech
svůdný	svůdného	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
obsluhovat	obsluhoval	V;IND;PST;3;SG;MASC;czech
světský	světský	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;czech
cucat	cucám	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;czech
ubrousek	ubrousky	N;INS;PL;czech
ajťák	ajťáka	N;ACC;SG;czech
manipulovat	manipulovala bychom	V;COND;PRS;1;PL;NEUT;czech
krystalizovat	krystalizována	V.PTCP;PASS;NEUT;PL;czech
lucemburský	lucemburské	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;czech
nadnárodní	nadnárodních	ADJ;ESS;PL;czech
dobový	dobový	ADJ;ACC;INAN;MASC;SG;czech
popíratelný	popíratelné	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;czech
elektron	elektrony	N;INS;PL;czech
produktivní	produktivnímu	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;czech
ochutnávat	ochutnávaly	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;FEM;PL;czech
dlouhoocasý	dlouhoocasé	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;czech
rejstřík	rejstřík	N;NOM;SG;czech
nálepkovat	nálepkováni	V.PTCP;PASS;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
olovo	olovech	N;ESS;PL;czech
pták	ptákem	N;INS;SG;czech
soulad	souladech	N;ESS;PL;czech
nešťastný	nešťastné	ADJ;ESS;FEM;SG;czech
revidovat	bylo by revidovalo	V;COND;PST;3;SG;NEUT;czech
směnka	směnky	N;GEN;SG;czech
sublimovat	sublimuj	V;IMP;2;SG;czech
advokát	advokáty	N;INS;PL;czech
čekat	čekal	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;MASC;SG;czech
malovat	malovala	V;IND;PST;3;PL;NEUT;czech
manželka	manželku	N;ACC;SG;czech
anténa	anténě	N;ESS;SG;czech
odpočívat	byl by odpočíval	V;COND;PST;3;SG;MASC;czech
vzduchoprázdno	vzduchoprázdna	N;VOC;PL;czech
tabuizovat	tabuizoval byste	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;FORM;MASC;czech
bicykl	bicykly	N;INS;PL;czech
haploidní	haploidní	ADJ;VOC;SG;czech
útokovka	útokovek	N;GEN;PL;czech
dát	dala jste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;NEUT;czech
květen	květnu	N;ESS;SG;czech
obchodovat	byla bychom obchodovala	V;COND;PST;1;PL;NEUT;czech
vyděšený	vyděšeného	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
věnovat	věnující	V.PTCP;czech
maskovat	budu maskovat	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;czech
couvat	couvala jste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;NEUT;czech
archeologický	archeologickým	ADJ;DAT;PL;czech
světlý	světlé	ADJ;ESS;FEM;SG;czech
brodit	brodil	V;IND;PST;3;SG;FEM;czech
vazba	vazbě	N;ESS;SG;czech
dav	davům	N;DAT;PL;czech
nálepkovat	nálepkovat	V;NFIN;czech
filantropický	filantropické	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;czech
škaredý	škaredí	ADJ;NOM;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
srp	srpu	N;DAT;SG;czech
veliký	velikých	ADJ;GEN;PL;czech
neobvyklý	neobvyklé	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
algebra	algebry	N;ACC;PL;czech
atopický	atopickém	ADJ;ESS;NEUT;SG;czech
znát	znal jste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FORM;MASC;czech
foldovat	foldovaly jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;FEM;czech
lehký	lehký	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;czech
reraisovat	byla by reraisovala	V;COND;PST;3;PL;NEUT;czech
borůvka	borůvko	N;VOC;SG;czech
navrhovat	byla by navrhovala	V;COND;PST;3;SG;FEM;czech
psychomotorický	psychomotorická	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;czech
uher	uhru	N;ESS;SG;czech
ropucha	ropuchy	N;NOM;PL;czech
aluviální	aluviální	ADJ;VOC;PL;czech
jedenáctý	jedenácté	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;czech
aritmetický	aritmetické	ADJ;ESS;FEM;SG;czech
raketodrom	raketodromem	N;INS;SG;czech
kontrolovat	kontroloval bych	V;COND;PRS;1;SG;MASC;czech
delegovat	delegovalo jsem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;NEUT;czech
bezmocný	bezmocní	ADJ;VOC;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
porada	poradách	N;ESS;PL;czech
starat	byl bych staral	V;COND;PST;1;SG;MASC;czech
autobus	autobusům	N;DAT;PL;czech
metafora	metafora	N;NOM;SG;czech
implementovat	implementováno	V.PTCP;PASS;NEUT;SG;czech
budovat	budovaly jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;FEM;czech
stabilní	stabilní	ADJ;INS;FEM;SG;czech
podivný	podivného	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
bahenní	bahenními	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
časoprostorový	časoprostorové	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
demotivovat	demotivoval by	V;COND;PRS;3;SG;MASC;czech
chtíč	chtíčům	N;DAT;PL;czech
švejkovat	švejkovaly jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;FEM;czech
nostalgický	nostalgickým	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
průplav	průplav	N;NOM;SG;czech
obchodovat	obchodovala jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FEM;czech
ulejvácký	ulejvácké	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;czech
písmolijec	písmolijců	N;GEN;PL;czech
věčný	věčný	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;czech
tabule	tabuli	N;DAT;SG;czech
defragmentovat	defragmentováno	V.PTCP;PASS;NEUT;SG;czech
emigrovat	byl bych emigroval	V;COND;PST;1;SG;MASC;czech
oblepovat	byli bychom oblepovali	V;COND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
loutkový	loutkový	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;czech
axiomatizovat	bude axiomatizovat	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;czech
kakat	kakali jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
šibalský	šibalské	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;czech
drozd	drozdů	N;GEN;PL;czech
příkrý	příkré	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;czech
mávat	máváte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;czech
koláč	koláče	N;NOM;PL;czech
kandidovat	kandidován	V.PTCP;PASS;MASC;SG;czech
odpovídat	odpovídáni	V.PTCP;PASS;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
cvičit	cvičíme	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;czech
programovatelný	programovatelných	ADJ;ESS;PL;czech
květnový	květnové	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;czech
lexikální	lexikální	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
tvárný	tvárné	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;czech
ňadro	ňadra	N;VOC;PL;czech
dobrý	dobré	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;czech
slušný	slušné	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
počitkový	počitkovým	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
vulkanický	vulkanického	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
oblepit	oblepíš	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;czech
bezpříkladný	bezpříkladným	ADJ;DAT;PL;czech
záporný	záporný	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;czech
nespolehlivý	nespolehlivým	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
kotovat	byly by kotovaly	V;COND;PST;3;PL;MASC;INAN;czech
chata	chatách	N;ESS;PL;czech
pracovna	pracovnách	N;ESS;PL;czech
senzacechtivý	senzacechtivého	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;czech
angažovat	bylo byste angažovalo	V;COND;PST;2;SG;FORM;NEUT;czech
tenký	tenkých	ADJ;GEN;PL;czech
bavorský	bavorském	ADJ;ESS;NEUT;SG;czech
bezdětný	bezdětnou	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;czech
kalibrovat	kalibrována	V.PTCP;PASS;NEUT;PL;czech
jednoletý	jednoleté	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;czech
jednání	jednání	N;NOM;SG;czech
kritizovat	bylo by kritizovalo	V;COND;PST;3;SG;NEUT;czech
trestný	trestní	ADJ;VOC;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
duch	duch	N;NOM;INAN;SG;czech
zamykat	zamykaly by	V;COND;PRS;1;PL;MASC;INAN;czech
omlouvat	byla bych omlouvala	V;COND;PST;1;SG;FEM;czech
nejedlý	nejedlé	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;czech
cvok	cvoci	N;VOC;PL;czech
podnik	podnik	N;ACC;SG;czech
beztvarý	beztvarými	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
pročíst	pročetla bys	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;FEM;czech
minolovka	minolovkami	N;INS;PL;czech
čekat	čekala bychom	V;COND;PRS;1;PL;NEUT;czech
posttraumatický	posttraumatických	ADJ;GEN;PL;czech
velezrada	velezradách	N;ESS;PL;czech
hloupost	hloupost	N;NOM;SG;czech
nesobecký	nesobeckému	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
derivovat	byla by derivovala	V;COND;PST;3;PL;NEUT;czech
zachmuřený	zachmuřenému	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
bát	bála by se	V;COND;PRS;3;SG;FEM;czech
práce	práce	N;VOC;PL;czech
kafrat	byli bychom kafrali	V;COND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
multikino	multikině	N;ESS;SG;czech
úhel	úhlu	N;DAT;SG;czech
zárodečný	zárodečné	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;czech
šachovnice	šachovnicích	N;ESS;PL;czech
zvědavý	zvědavém	ADJ;ESS;MASC;SG;czech
lyonský	lyonskému	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;czech
bramborák	bramboráků	N;GEN;PL;czech
blahosklonný	blahosklonnému	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;czech
chodit	chodil jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;NEUT;czech
spekulace	spekulacích	N;ESS;PL;czech
jmenovat	jmenovavše	V.CVB;PST;PL;czech
mesiášský	mesiášské	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
pracovat	pracovala jste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
sítnice	sítnicemi	N;INS;PL;czech
jednotka	jednotce	N;ESS;SG;czech
dirigovat	dirigovalo jste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FORM;NEUT;czech
zápas	zápase	N;VOC;SG;czech
nultý	nultí	ADJ;NOM;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
zpitý	zpitá	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;czech
otravovat	byly byste otravovaly	V;COND;PST;2;PL;FEM;czech
socha	sochy	N;VOC;PL;czech
nakupovat	nakupovalo	V;IND;PST;3;SG;NEUT;czech
káča	káčo	N;VOC;SG;czech
loajální	loajální	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;czech
debata	debaty	N;VOC;PL;czech
nerovnoměrný	nerovnoměrných	ADJ;GEN;PL;czech
bojácný	bojácný	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;czech
konverzovat	konverzujete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;czech
dehydratovat	dehydratovalo bys	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;NEUT;czech
huť	hutí	N;INS;SG;czech
krbový	‎krbového	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
ochabovat	ochabující	V.PTCP;czech
intuitivní	intuitivní	ADJ;NOM;SG;czech
bdělý	bdělými	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
eklektický	eklektickém	ADJ;ESS;NEUT;SG;czech
čelo	čelům	N;DAT;PL;czech
kotovat	bylo by kotovalo	V;COND;PST;3;SG;NEUT;czech
utopický	utopického	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
vzbuzovat	vzbuzujeme	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;czech
falzifikovat	budou falzifikovat	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;czech
stoický	stoický	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;czech
neřest	neřestem	N;DAT;PL;czech
aklimatizovat	aklimatizovalo by	V;COND;PRS;3;SG;NEUT;czech
bojovat	byli bychom bojovali	V;COND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
plánovat	byla bych plánovala	V;COND;PST;1;SG;FEM;czech
dehydrovat	dehydroval bys	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;MASC;czech
hedvábí	hedvábí	N;VOC;PL;czech
západoslovanský	západoslovanském	ADJ;ESS;NEUT;SG;czech
vak	vaky	N;INS;PL;czech
žalud	žaludům	N;DAT;PL;czech
religiózní	religiózní	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
hledat	hledala jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;NEUT;czech
milovat	milovala jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;NEUT;czech
řvát	řvali	V;IND;PST;2;PL;FEM;czech
kafrat	kafráte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;czech
bourat	boural bys	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;MASC;czech
tříletý	tříleté	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
klidný	klidné	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
kulový	kulových	ADJ;ESS;PL;czech
konkurovat	byl byste konkuroval	V;COND;PST;2;SG;FORM;MASC;czech
slovenský	slovenští	ADJ;VOC;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
vnitrozemský	vnitrozemské	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;czech
tečka	tečko	N;VOC;SG;czech
nehybný	nehybné	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;czech
policista	policistou	N;INS;SG;czech
žvýkat	budeme žvýkat	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;czech
věčný	věčná	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;czech
krasavec	krasavce	N;GEN;SG;czech
chirální	chirálního	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;czech
žábry	žábry	N;NOM;PL;czech
obvyklý	obvyklé	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;czech
cukroví	cukrovím	N;INS;SG;czech
destilovat	byl byste destiloval	V;COND;PST;2;SG;FORM;MASC;czech
nadějný	nadějné	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;czech
šachy	šachům	N;DAT;PL;czech
honit	honil	V;IND;PST;3;SG;FEM;czech
diskuse	diskuse	N;ACC;PL;czech
choulostivý	choulostivé	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
útočit	útočil	V;IND;PST;3;SG;FEM;czech
idylický	idylického	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
šířka	šířkám	N;DAT;PL;czech
smrt	smrti	N;VOC;SG;czech
jet	byla byste jela	V;COND;PST;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
pečovat	budete pečovat	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;FORM;czech
popel	popely	N;ACC;PL;czech
předměstský	předměstských	ADJ;GEN;PL;czech
ateistický	ateistickou	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;czech
exportovat	exportováno	V.PTCP;PASS;NEUT;SG;czech
papouškovat	bylo bych papouškovalo	V;COND;PST;1;SG;NEUT;czech
pohlaví	pohlaví	N;DAT;SG;czech
můstek	můstky	N;NOM;PL;czech
přemrštěný	přemrštěná	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;czech
hledět	hledil jsem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;MASC;czech
rétorický	rétorický	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;czech
viditelný	viditelná	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;czech
posmrtný	posmrtného	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
zodpovědnost	zodpovědností	N;INS;SG;czech
zbroj	zbroje	N;NOM;PL;czech
technika	technice	N;ESS;SG;czech
absolvovat	byl byste absolvoval	V;COND;PST;2;SG;FORM;MASC;czech
ušák	ušákovi	N;DAT;INAN;SG;czech
integrovat	integrovalo jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;NEUT;czech
provoz	provozu	N;DAT;SG;czech
mytologický	mytologického	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
rajče	rajčaty	N;INS;PL;czech
jíst	jedav	V.CVB;PST;MASC;SG;czech
interagovat	interagovali jste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;MASC;czech
krátký	krátkému	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;czech
zelí	zelími	N;INS;PL;czech
harfa	harfa	N;NOM;SG;czech
mučit	mučil jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;MASC;czech
autentický	autentická	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;czech
analgetický	analgetické	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;czech
dramatizovat	byla bys dramatizovala	V;COND;PST;2;SG;FEM;czech
singulár	singuláru	N;GEN;SG;czech
kraťasy	kraťasy	N;ACC;PL;czech
kapat	kapaly byste	V;COND;PRS;2;PL;FEM;czech
efemérní	efemérní	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;czech
sekat	sekáno	V.PTCP;PASS;NEUT;SG;czech
záporný	záporným	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
komunistický	komunistické	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
žebrácký	žebráckou	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;czech
kótovat	kótovali bychom	V;COND;PRS;1;PL;MASC;czech
květák	květáky	N;ACC;PL;czech
psaní	psaní	N;DAT;SG;czech
hlídat	byl bych hlídal	V;COND;PST;1;SG;MASC;czech
psychický	psychičtí	ADJ;NOM;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
komentovat	komentovaly by	V;COND;PRS;3;PL;FEM;czech
pátý	pátých	ADJ;ESS;PL;czech
veliký	veliké	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;czech
studovat	bylo by studovalo	V;COND;PST;3;SG;NEUT;czech
onanovat	byli bychom onanovali	V;COND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
stochastický	stochastická	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;czech
korigovat	byly byste korigovaly	V;COND;PST;2;PL;FEM;czech
makový	makovému	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
rozmazaný	rozmazaných	ADJ;GEN;PL;czech
povolání	povoláním	N;DAT;PL;czech
horký	horká	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;czech
filozofovat	filozofováni	V.PTCP;PASS;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
kravál	kraválů	N;GEN;PL;czech
medvěd	medvěde	N;VOC;SG;czech
ztuhlý	ztuhlých	ADJ;ESS;PL;czech
spolehlivý	spolehlivému	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
Vatikán	Vatikány	N;ACC;PL;czech
divadlo	divadlech	N;ESS;PL;czech
maskovat	maskovavši	V.CVB;PST;FEM;SG;czech
volitelný	volitelného	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
celkový	celkovým	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
útok	útok	N;ACC;SG;czech
březnový	březnové	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;czech
výborný	výbornými	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
bratranec	bratrancovi	N;DAT;SG;czech
fonologický	fonologické	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;czech
brodit	brodím	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;czech
autoreflexe	autoreflexe	N;GEN;SG;czech
výslovný	výslovné	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;czech
pilot	pilotů	N;GEN;PL;czech
sprchový	sprchová	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;czech
kukmák	kukmáky	N;ACC;INAN;PL;czech
požadovat	požadovav	V.CVB;PST;MASC;SG;czech
beztvarý	beztvarý	ADJ;ACC;INAN;MASC;SG;czech
současný	současných	ADJ;GEN;PL;czech
kótovat	kótovali	V;IND;PST;3;PL;MASC;ANIM;czech
gramofon	gramofon	N;NOM;SG;czech
slovní	slovního	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
povýšený	povýšených	ADJ;GEN;PL;czech
administrativa	administrativu	N;ACC;SG;czech
mrazit	mrazili	V;IND;PST;3;PL;FEM;czech
dělat	byly bychom dělaly	V;COND;PST;1;PL;FEM;czech
pumpovat	byl bych pumpoval	V;COND;PST;1;SG;MASC;czech
diagnostikovat	diagnostikovaly by	V;COND;PRS;3;PL;FEM;czech
celozrnný	celozrnným	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
kaz	kaz	N;ACC;SG;czech
zelenina	zeleniny	N;VOC;PL;czech
slavný	slavná	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;czech
podvodní	podvodní	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;czech
bojácný	bojácným	ADJ;DAT;PL;czech
tupý	tupém	ADJ;ESS;MASC;SG;czech
rejda	rejdu	N;ACC;SG;czech
myslit	myslili	V;IND;PST;3;PL;FEM;czech
středeční	středečního	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
opalovat	opalovala jsem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;FEM;czech
rétorický	rétoričtí	ADJ;NOM;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
nesrovnatelný	nesrovnatelný	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;czech
děd	dědu	N;DAT;SG;czech
kopec	kopce	N;GEN;SG;czech
pozorovat	pozorujeme	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;czech
chtít	chtěna	V.PTCP;PASS;FEM;SG;czech
kritický	kritické	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;czech
protiletadlový	protiletadlového	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;czech
extrahovat	byli bychom extrahovali	V;COND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
dálnice	dálnic	N;GEN;PL;czech
regulovat	regulující	V.PTCP;czech
rétorický	rétorická	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;czech
neřest	neřestí	N;INS;SG;czech
březen	březny	N;NOM;PL;czech
kal	kalu	N;ESS;SG;czech
čitelný	čitelných	ADJ;ESS;PL;czech
kodifikovat	kodifikovala byste	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
ochutnávat	ochutnávala by	V;COND;PRS;3;SG;FEM;czech
artikulovat	budeš artikulovat	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;czech
kázeňský	kázeňské	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;czech
abcházština	abcházštinách	N;ESS;PL;czech
statek	statku	N;VOC;SG;czech
plán	plánu	N;DAT;SG;czech
překvapující	překvapující	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;czech
mlčenlivý	mlčenlivém	ADJ;ESS;NEUT;SG;czech
destilovat	byla byste destilovala	V;COND;PST;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
aforistický	aforistické	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;czech
stěhovat	stěhovala	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;FEM;SG;czech
ezoterický	‎ezoterického	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;czech
odštěpovat	budou odštěpovat	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;czech
trouba	trouby	N;GEN;SG;czech
kompostovat	kompostovaly	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;FEM;PL;czech
nabídka	nabídkami	N;INS;PL;czech
oblečení	oblečeních	N;ESS;PL;czech
dezertovat	byla bychom dezertovala	V;COND;PST;1;PL;NEUT;czech
mávat	mávaly by	V;COND;PRS;3;PL;FEM;czech
zrakový	zrakovými	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
mezioborový	mezioborových	ADJ;ESS;PL;czech
ring	ringem	N;INS;SG;czech
smát	budeme smát	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;czech
znát	byla bychom znala	V;COND;PST;1;PL;NEUT;czech
atomický	atomickým	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
poměrový	poměrové	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;czech
chleba	chleba	N;ACC;SG;czech
zařízený	zařízený	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;czech
prosit	prosíš	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;czech
mýdlový	mýdlové	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;czech
citovat	citujete	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;FORM;czech
rigidní	rigidním	ADJ;ESS;MASC;SG;czech
rovnoběžný	rovnoběžná	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;czech
pianino	pianinem	N;INS;SG;czech
heslo	hesel	N;GEN;PL;czech
indexovat	indexovaly byste	V;COND;PRS;2;PL;FEM;czech
tabuizovat	tabuizovalo bys	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;NEUT;czech
synaptický	synaptického	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
fleret	fleretu	N;ESS;SG;czech
šídlo	šídlech	N;ESS;PL;czech
grafický	grafičtí	ADJ;NOM;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
režisér	režiséra	N;ACC;SG;czech
bort	bortům	N;DAT;PL;czech
slabika	slabiky	N;GEN;SG;czech
škytat	škytal bych	V;COND;PRS;1;SG;MASC;czech
náhoda	náhodo	N;VOC;SG;czech
řvát	řvali	V;IND;PST;3;PL;NEUT;czech
pěšec	pěšcem	N;INS;SG;czech
padat	padali byste	V;COND;PRS;2;PL;MASC;czech
optimum	optimum	N;NOM;SG;czech
obsluha	obsluhách	N;ESS;PL;czech
srbský	srbští	ADJ;VOC;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
ďábelský	ďábelském	ADJ;ESS;MASC;SG;czech
společný	společné	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;czech
bok	bocích	N;ESS;PL;czech
příbuzný	příbuzná	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;czech
děkovat	děkoval bych	V;COND;PRS;1;SG;MASC;czech
bát	byli bychom se báli	V;COND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
náměstí	náměstí	N;DAT;SG;czech
požadovat	požadoval jste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FORM;MASC;czech
dláto	dláto	N;ACC;SG;czech
březnový	březnovým	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
zbožný	zbožný	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;czech
povznášející	povznášející	ADJ;VOC;PL;czech
nezadatelný	nezadatelné	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
opovrhovat	opovrhovala byste	V;COND;PRS;2;PL;NEUT;czech
bezpodmínečný	bezpodmínečnému	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;czech
pandemický	pandemická	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;czech
životaschopný	životaschopné	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;czech
brankář	brankáři	N;VOC;SG;czech
rozumný	rozumné	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;czech
cítit	cítil	V;IND;PST;2;SG;MASC;czech
archivovat	byly by archivovaly	V;COND;PST;3;PL;FEM;czech
stylový	stylovým	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
orientovat	orientovali jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
nejedlý	nejedlého	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
stydlivý	stydlivého	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
motto	motto	N;ACC;SG;czech
čvachtat	čvachtala byste	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
společný	společného	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;czech
malina	malině	N;ESS;SG;czech
hádat	hádavši	V.CVB;PST;FEM;SG;czech
zelenooký	zelenookého	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
stěhovat	stěhovala	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;NEUT;PL;czech
kamera	kamerám	N;DAT;PL;czech
pozorovatelný	pozorovatelní	ADJ;NOM;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
anafylaktický	anafylaktičtí	ADJ;NOM;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
klouzat	klouzala by	V;COND;PRS;3;PL;NEUT;czech
angažovat	angažuji	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;czech
starat	staral byste	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;FORM;MASC;czech
ziskový	ziskovém	ADJ;ESS;NEUT;SG;czech
úzkoprsý	úzkoprsé	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;czech
fašistický	fašistickým	ADJ;DAT;PL;czech
honit	honili jste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;FEM;czech
protivný	protivná	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;czech
typický	typické	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
směšný	směšné	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
organický	organičtí	ADJ;VOC;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
nedostatečný	nedostatečné	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
zásaditý	zásadité	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;czech
datový	datovému	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
stabilizovat	stabilizujíc	V.CVB;PRS;FEM;SG;czech
snový	snové	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;czech
vejcovod	vejcovodem	N;INS;SG;czech
cep	cepů	N;GEN;PL;czech
platonický	‎platonickou	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;czech
blokař	blokaři	N;VOC;SG;czech
fenologický	fenologická	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;czech
synchronizovat	byly bychom synchronizovaly	V;COND;PST;1;PL;FEM;czech
krkavec	krkavcům	N;DAT;PL;czech
aforizmus	aforizmusy	N;INS;PL;czech
podlézavý	podlézavými	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
přizpůsobivý	přizpůsobivé	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;czech
většina	většina	N;NOM;SG;czech
sirup	sirupy	N;VOC;PL;czech
setkávat	byla bys setkávala	V;COND;PST;2;SG;FEM;czech
sprcha	sprchami	N;INS;PL;czech
snídat	snídala jste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;NEUT;czech
okázalý	okázalým	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
autistický	autistické	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;czech
nezbytný	nezbytné	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;czech
grilovat	grilovalo by	V;COND;PRS;3;SG;NEUT;czech
pokrytecký	pokrytecké	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
dort	dorty	N;INS;PL;czech
hora	hor	N;GEN;PL;czech
bodat	budeme bodat	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;czech
restartovat	restartovala	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;FEM;SG;czech
vepřovice	vepřovice	N;NOM;PL;czech
druhořadník	druhořadník	N;NOM;SG;czech
dobrodružný	dobrodružné	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;czech
Londýňan	Londýňanovi	N;ESS;SG;czech
bezbožný	bezbožné	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;czech
jízda	jízdy	N;ACC;PL;czech
valašský	valašskými	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
mazaný	mazaným	ADJ;INS;MASC;SG;czech
pila	pily	N;GEN;SG;czech
borůvkový	borůvkových	ADJ;GEN;PL;czech
ambasáda	ambasádách	N;ESS;PL;czech
planeta	planeta	N;NOM;SG;czech
odehrávat	odehrával jste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FORM;MASC;czech
esesák	esesákovi	N;ESS;SG;czech
napodobovat	napodobují	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;czech
ambulance	ambulance	N;GEN;SG;czech
stý	sté	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;czech
maximalizovat	maximalizovali jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
fešácký	fešáckým	ADJ;DAT;PL;czech
sukně	sukněmi	N;INS;PL;czech
řečnický	řečnickému	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;czech
demotivovat	demotivovali	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
omezený	omezenému	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;czech
kuchařka	kuchařky	N;GEN;SG;czech
anglický	anglického	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;czech
snový	snová	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;czech
jádro	jádru	N;DAT;SG;czech
nářeční	nářečním	ADJ;ESS;NEUT;SG;czech
děva	děv	N;GEN;PL;czech
kadeřník	kadeřníku	N;VOC;SG;czech
hydraulický	hydraulickými	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
pád	pádem	N;INS;SG;czech
faxovat	faxovali bychom	V;COND;PRS;1;PL;MASC;czech
rohovka	rohovkou	N;INS;SG;czech
skeptický	skeptickém	ADJ;ESS;MASC;SG;czech
studený	studená	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;czech
existovat	existujeme	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;czech
puzzle	puzzlů	N;GEN;PL;czech
demoralizovat	demoralizoval by	V;COND;PRS;3;SG;MASC;czech
časný	časným	ADJ;DAT;PL;czech
tabuizovat	byla by tabuizovala	V;COND;PST;3;SG;FEM;czech
regulovat	byly by regulovaly	V;COND;PST;3;PL;FEM;czech
pozdravovat	budete pozdravovat	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;FORM;czech
led	ledy	N;ACC;PL;czech
uvolněný	uvolněnou	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;czech
vzbuzovat	vzbuzující	V.PTCP;czech
demografický	demografických	ADJ;ESS;PL;czech
ambulantní	ambulantní	ADJ;ESS;FEM;SG;czech
bohoslužba	bohoslužeb	N;GEN;PL;czech
škytat	škytala	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;FEM;SG;czech
archivovat	archivuje	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;czech
norština	norštiny	N;GEN;SG;czech
andský	andské	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;czech
palpovat	palpovala jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;NEUT;czech
výkupné	výkupná	N;ACC;PL;czech
Asijec	Asijcům	N;DAT;PL;czech
morušový	morušové	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;czech
archivovat	byla bychom archivovala	V;COND;PST;1;PL;NEUT;czech
asynchronní	asynchronnímu	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
bagr	bagru	N;GEN;SG;czech
sublimovat	sublimujíc	V.CVB;PRS;FEM;SG;czech
mýdlo	mýdla	N;ACC;PL;czech
malomocný	malomocní	ADJ;NOM;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
doporučovat	doporučovalo jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;NEUT;czech
vozík	vozíku	N;GEN;SG;czech
fázový	fázová	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;czech
vyčerpávající	vyčerpávajícími	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
městský	městské	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
vystavovat	vystavovala	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;NEUT;PL;czech
příslovce	příslovce	N;VOC;SG;czech
přízvuk	přízvuku	N;ESS;SG;czech
neospravedlnitelný	neospravedlnitelném	ADJ;ESS;MASC;SG;czech
školní	školní	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
masakrovat	masakrujeme	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;czech
improvizovat	byla by improviyovala	V;COND;PST;3;SG;FEM;czech
ctít	ctil jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FEM;czech
jmenovat	jmenovali byste	V;COND;PRS;2;PL;MASC;czech
obsluhovat	obsluhovaly byste	V;COND;PRS;2;PL;FEM;czech
diskvalifikovat	diskvalifikovali jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
zhoršovat	zhoršoval jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;MASC;czech
milovat	miloval jsem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;MASC;czech
ignorovat	ignorovali	V.PTCP;ACT;PRF;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
odmítat	odmítal bych	V;COND;PRS;1;SG;MASC;czech
pochlebovat	budou pochlebovat	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;czech
datovat	budeme datovat	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;czech
předsíň	předsíně	N;ACC;PL;czech
pilovat	byly by pilovaly	V;COND;PST;3;PL;FEM;czech
cynický	cynického	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;czech
pronásledovat	pronásledovala jste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;FORM;FEM;czech
mávat	byly bychom mávaly	V;COND;PST;1;PL;FEM;czech
žampión	žampióny	N;VOC;PL;czech
arch	archu	N;DAT;SG;czech
sahat	sahána	V.PTCP;PASS;NEUT;PL;czech
transponovat	transponujme	V;IMP;1;PL;czech
hydraulický	hydraulickou	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;czech
rýt	budou rýt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;czech
tvor	tvor	N;NOM;SG;czech
sprcha	sprchy	N;NOM;PL;czech
budka	budkou	N;INS;SG;czech
balistický	balistickému	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;czech
otékat	otékejte	V;IMP;2;SG;FORM;czech
kotník	kotnících	N;ESS;PL;czech
rýmovat	rýmující	V.PTCP;czech
obvod	obvody	N;ACC;PL;czech
acetaminofen	acetaminofeny	N;NOM;PL;czech
nekontroverzní	nekontroverzní	ADJ;VOC;SG;czech
žestě	žesťů	N;GEN;PL;czech
spekulace	spekulaci	N;ACC;SG;czech
motivovat	byli by motivovali	V;COND;PST;3;PL;MASC;ANIM;czech
chrochtat	chrochtala bys	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;FEM;czech
počet	počtům	N;DAT;PL;czech
dragoun	dragouna	N;GEN;SG;czech
tabuizovat	tabuizujte	V;IMP;2;SG;FORM;czech
droždí	droždí	N;ACC;SG;czech
krevní	krevní	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;czech
strojový	strojovými	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
numerický	numerickému	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
oblepovat	oblepovány	V.PTCP;PASS;FEM;PL;czech
dávat	byla byste dávala	V;COND;PST;2;PL;NEUT;czech
hodina	hodiny	N;ACC;PL;czech
hornina	horniny	N;NOM;PL;czech
metrický	metrickém	ADJ;ESS;MASC;SG;czech
obtěžovat	obtěžuješ	V;IND;PST;2;SG;czech
plochý	ploší	ADJ;VOC;ANIM;MASC;PL;czech
antiseptický	antiseptického	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
difuzní	difuzními	ADJ;INS;PL;czech
převažovat	převažuj	V;IMP;2;SG;czech
korigovat	budeme korigovat	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;czech
vlak	vlaku	N;GEN;SG;czech
klasifikovat	klasifikovali jsme	V;IND;PST;1;PL;MASC;czech
testovat	testuje	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;czech
automatický	automatické	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;czech
dát	dala jsem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;FEM;czech
derivovat	derivovalo jsi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;NEUT;czech
obličejový	obličejovému	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;czech
sám	samému	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
váha	váhu	N;ACC;SG;czech
hlad	hlady	N;ACC;PL;czech
turistický	turistického	ADJ;ACC;ANIM;MASC;SG;czech
šapitó	šapitó	N;GEN;SG;czech
anonymita	anonymitě	N;ESS;SG;czech
vstřícnost	vstřícnostech	N;ESS;PL;czech
nenasytný	nenasytným	ADJ;DAT;PL;czech
pestrý	pestré	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
kontrastovat	kontrastovaly	V;IND;PST;3;PL;MASC;INAN;czech
antisymetrický	antisymetrické	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;czech
měnit	měním	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;czech
odehrávat	odehrávala bys	V;COND;PRS;2;SG;FEM;czech
klamný	klamná	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;czech
pracovat	pracoval by	V;COND;PRS;3;SG;MASC;czech
tažný	tažné	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;czech
don	dona	N;GEN;SG;czech
vězeň	vězně	N;GEN;SG;czech
antimonopolní	antimonopolní	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;czech
důl	dolem	N;INS;SG;czech
chemie	chemie	N;ACC;PL;czech
tancovat	tancovaly	V;IND;PST;3;PL;FEM;czech
