kadakas	kadaka	N;GEN;SG;estonian
vaatama	vaatas	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
fallos	fallosele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
tahtma	tahtev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
naerma	naersite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
võtma	olevat võtnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
kohvimasin	kohvimasinani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ütlev	ütleva	N;GEN;SG;estonian
kaltsedon	kaltsedonis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
kee	keed	N;PRT;SG;estonian
kodanlane	kodanlasel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
kajastama	oleksid kajastanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
kesköö	kesköödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ajama	ajaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
pallaadium	pallaadiumdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
diisel	diislitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
võitma	oleks võidetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
erinema	erinegem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
olema	oled	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
vasar	vasaraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
koristama	koristavat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
öökima	ei ole öökinudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
austama	austasin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
diiler	diileriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ester	estritena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
tegema	olid teinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
jäätisemasin	jäätisemasinata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
välde	väldeteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ingellik	ingellikku	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
poolakas	poolakateks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
õhufilter	õhufiltritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
väeti	väetitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
vannituba	vannitubadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
nikkel	nikliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
einsteinium	einst	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
palataliseerima	palataliseeris	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
pudel	pudelis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
aktiinium	aktiiniumil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ehitama	ei ehita	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ajama	ajan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
põldpüü	põldpüüdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
euro	eurost	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
punker	punkriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
katma	kataksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
gadoliinium	gadoliiniumis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
järgnema	oled järgnenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
aitama	olete aidanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
hüvitama	oli hüvitatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
loendama	oleksin loendanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
selgitama	selgitaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ostma	ostetaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
liibuma	ei ole liibunudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
häirima	häiris	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
asuma	ei asutaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
sõiduk	sõidukiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
pilu	pilude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
lemmik	lemmikute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
nakkus	nakkusele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
oksendama	oksendavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
kajastama	kajastasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ohutu	ohutule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ütrium	ütriumis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
sipelgas	sipelgate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
vibutama	vibutatud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
kapital	kapitali	N;PRT;SG;estonian
heinakuu	heinakuud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
hõberebane	hõberebasteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
paarituma	paarituksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
vannituba	vannitubadelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
naerma	ära naera	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
lugema	loeb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
kasvama	kasvasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
türklane	türklase	N;ACC;SG;estonian
teadmine	teadmisteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
hakkama	hakake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
eitama	ei olevat eitanudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
sõnaraamat	sõnaraamatu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
kihutama	olgu kihutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
kapten	kaptenilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
paluma	palus	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
diisel	diisliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kaevur	kaevuriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
tüdruk	tüdrukusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kana	kanale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
sarnaluu	sarnaluudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
jugapuu	jugapuudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
sidrun	sidrunid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
hoidja	hoidjatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ununbium	ununbiumdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
haridus	hariduse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
liivlane	liivlase	N;GEN;SG;estonian
oimuluu	oimuluudena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
otsmikuluu	otsmikuluuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
trofee	trofeel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
maantee	maantee	N;GEN;SG;estonian
kirjutama	kirjutasite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
mõtlemine	mõtlemisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
luterlane	luterlases	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
higistama	higistati	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
orhidee	orhideedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
riietumine	riietumised	N;NOM;PL;estonian
läbistama	läbistati	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
palataliseerima	ärgem palataliseerigem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
aste	astetele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
valetaja	valetajaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
kohtama	kohtan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
tseerium	tseeriume	N;PRT;PL;estonian
kahjum	kahjumi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
leedulane	leedulastena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
vesiveski	vesiveski	N;NOM;SG;estonian
taanlane	taanlased	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ahven	ahvenatele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ujuma	olgu ujunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
suitsetama	suitsetati	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
roojama	roojatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
kustutama	kustutab	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
embama	embasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
helmekuu	helmekuud	N;ACC;PL;estonian
pesema	olgu pesnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
paarituma	paarituti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
rikastuma	rikastugu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
pisaraluu	pisaraluudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
peenendama	peenendasin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
minema	ei mindaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
inglane	inglases	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
peldik	peldikud	N;ACC;PL;estonian
õppima	ei õpitaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
kaklema	olgu kakeldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
narkar	narkar	N;NOM;SG;estonian
öökima	ei öökivat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
vanaadium	vanaadiumina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
saba	sabadelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
paluma	olevat palutud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
hoiatama	hoiatataks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
naerma	oli naerdud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
rikastuma	ei rikastutud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
meeldima	meeldib	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
hukkama	hukaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
kindralmajor	kindralmajorina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
vibutama	oleksin vibutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
otsima	ei ole otsinudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
minema	ärgu mingu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
arvama	ärgu olgu arvanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
nioobium	nioobiumita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
hispaanlane	hispaanlasena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
võitma	on võidetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
rida	ridadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
langema	olgu langenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
masturbeerima	oli masturbeerinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
kinkima	ärgem kinkigem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
akvaarium	akvaariumdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
hirmuma	ei hirmutud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
manala	manalatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ununpentium	ununpentiumina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
oskama	ärgu olgu osatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
läbistama	ärge läbistage	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
sadama	ei ole sadanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
pesema	pestud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
ingellik	ingelliku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
keiser	keisri	N;ACC;SG;estonian
looma	loodagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
vihik	vihikutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
jaanuar	jaanuardel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
õnnelik	õnnelikelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
hüüdma	hüüdsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ekvaator	ekvaatoritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
palataliseerima	ei palataliseerivat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
oksendama	ei oleks oksendatudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
murdma	murdku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
lintšima	ei olevat lintšitudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
kompuuter	kompuutrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
õigekeelsussõnaraamat	õigekeelsussõnaraamatuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
rahvas	rahvaste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
algaja	algajatele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ehtima	ei ehtivat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
hallitama	hallitav	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
heitma	heitvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
tulema	tuleksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
oktoober	oktoober	N;NOM;SG;estonian
hoiduma	hoidutagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
kippuma	ärgu kiputagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
elutuba	elutubadega	N;COM;PL;estonian
kreeklane	kreeklastele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
arutlema	olgu arutletud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
käskiv	käskiv	N;NOM;SG;estonian
meeldima	on meeldinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
reisima	ei reisitud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
peenendama	oleksime peenendanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
kõndima	kõnniksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
nägema	olite näinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
kerjama	ärgu kerjatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
ruteenium	ruteenium	N;NOM;SG;estonian
sündima	sündisid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
kaplan	kaplaniga	N;COM;SG;estonian
püüdma	püüdsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
kinnitama	kinnita	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
vaatama	ärgu vaadatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
sipelgas	sipelgatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
kasutaja	kasutajateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mõla	mõladeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
poloonium	polooniumdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
jumalus	jumalusele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
üritama	ei olnud üritanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
küsima	küsiksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
küünal	küünaldeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
rääkima	oli rääkinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
õpetama	ärgu olgu õpetanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
nägema	on näinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
veenma	on veennud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
võima	võiksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
kiilluu	kiilluudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
siduma	ärgu olgu sidunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
observatoorium	observatooriumi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kuulutama	ei kuulutatud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
käskima	ei ole käsitudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
september	septembritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
šotlane	šotlased	N;NOM;PL;estonian
pealuu	pealuu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
pürgima	olite pürginud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
magustama	oli magustanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
võimalus	võimalusses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
janu	janul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
sahkluu	sahkluule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
sõitma	oleksin sõitnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
palataliseerima	on palataliseerinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
teadma	oli teatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
leidma	leietakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
kaasaütlev	kaasaütlevateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
avama	avage	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
nioobium	nioobiumiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
peenis	peeniste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
otsima	otsisime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
siduma	siduge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
valgus	valguseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
omandama	ärge omandage	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
rebane	rebasel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
lõpetama	lõpetasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
hobune	hobusega	N;COM;SG;estonian
hiir	hiirtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
orhidee	orhideedel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
veebruar	veebruari	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
vaikima	vaikige	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
soo	sood	N;PRT;SG;estonian
apelsin	apelsini	N;PRT;SG;estonian
keerama	keerataks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
aiamaa	aiamaana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
kohvimasin	kohvimasinateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
raudtee	raudteed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
omandama	ärgu omandagu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
frantsium	frantsiumdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
türklane	türklasteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
varblane	varblaseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
seisma	oled seisnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ookean	ookeandele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
roodium	roodiumdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
kaevur	kaevuriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
hassium	hassiumi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
itsitama	itsitate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
jumalus	jumalusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
vannituba	vannitoaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
keemik	keemikutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
euro	eurod	N;ACC;PL;estonian
kaubanduskeskus	kaubanduskeskusest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
isik	isikuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
arvama	arvatud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
kustutama	oleksite kustutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
panema	ärge pange	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
nõukogu	nõukogul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
lootma	ei looda	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
armuma	oled armunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
kaklema	kakleb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
põhiseadus	põhiseadusteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
tähendama	tähendagu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
katkema	ei oleks katketudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
eestlane	eestlasteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
sümptom	sümptomini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
poolakas	poolakatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
rikastuma	ei oleks rikastunudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
vadjalane	vadjalaselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
isa	isades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
omama	ärgu olgu omanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
kääbus	kääbustel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
nussima	olevat nussinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ükssarvik	ükssarvikutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
kannel	kandleks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
mardikas	mardikana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
roimar	roimarile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
pubi	pubita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
tuba	tubadelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
peavoolustamine	peavoolustamistele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
veenma	olgu veennud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
austama	austasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
nõges	nõgese	N;ACC;SG;estonian
frantsium	frantsiumdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
vihkama	vihanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
ehitama	ehitaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
reetma	reetsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
jääma	jäädav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
rästik	rästikutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
mõla	mõlana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
spioneerima	spioneeris	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
major	major	N;NOM;SG;estonian
vasar	vasara	N;GEN;SG;estonian
peldik	peldikuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
gei	geiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
jätma	oleksid jätnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
hööveldama	oleme hööveldanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
suur	suurtelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
palataliseerima	olevat palataliseerinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
redel	redeli	N;GEN;SG;estonian
põlema	olin põlenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
vaidlema	vaidleksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
magama	magan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
elama	oleksite elanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
võtma	olen võtnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
imema	ärge imege	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
harima	olen harinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
vesi	veega	N;COM;SG;estonian
sinatama	ei oleks sinatanudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
suhkur	suhkrutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
aaloe	aaloedelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
jalanõu	jalanõudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
käituma	ei käituta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
suu	suudena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
kaplan	kaplanitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
kirjutusmasin	kirjutusmasinata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
teietama	olevat teietatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
aadel	aadliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
fallos	fallosteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
nõges	nõgesteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
üritama	ei ürita	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
tulema	tulete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
masturbeerima	masturbeerigu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
koristama	ärgem koristagem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
lebama	lebaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
lebama	olgu lebatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
teietama	teieta	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
lehis	lehiseid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
pöörama	pööratavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
täi	täidena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
sibulakuppel	sibulakuplitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
maja	majata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
kahju	kahjudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
nülgima	nüliksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
täitma	ei olevat täidetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
kõndima	kõndisid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
keema	olin keenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
sõudma	sõuaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
katkema	ärgu katkegu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
koperniitsium	koperniitsiume	N;PRT;PL;estonian
soolane	soolaseid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ihu	ihudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
tseesium	tseesiumiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
elama	elatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
meeldima	oleks meelditud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
moldovlane	moldovlasena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
kinnitama	ei olnud kinnitanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
hoidma	hoidsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
norralane	norralasele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
rüütel	rüütlid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
õppima	õpite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
kanarbikukuu	kanarbikukuusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
higistama	higistage	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
jaapanlane	jaapanlasel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
intervjuu	intervjuu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
naaber	naabritena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
võtma	võtab	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
levik	levik	N;NOM;SG;estonian
higistama	oleks higistatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
riidekoi	riidekoi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
otsima	oleksid otsinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
muusik	muusikuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
järgnema	olevat järgnenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
sõdur	sõduritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
baarium	baariumde	N;GEN;PL;estonian
vahetusõpilane	vahetusõpilases	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
püüdma	püüab	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
lintšima	ei lintšitaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
kiiruspiirik	kiiruspiirikuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
niisutama	ei oleks niisutanudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
asuma	asutakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
murrak	murrakutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
murrak	murrakuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
meeldima	meeldige	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
kuurium	kuuriumid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
kaarik	kaarikult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
suur	suurtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
petma	petaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
kaubanduskeskus	kaubanduskeskusena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
viitsima	ei viitsivat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
petma	olgu petnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
pudel	pudelid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
reetma	oleksin reetnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
karihiir	karihiirelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
draakon	draakonisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
plutoonium	plutooniumdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
võrduma	võrduti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
lugema	lugev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
kala	kalana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
punker	punkri	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ujuma	ujume	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
jäätis	jäätistele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
hobune	hobuse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
lendama	lennake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ehitama	oleksime ehitanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
heinakuu	heinakuudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
õhtu	õhtuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
kaevama	kaevatakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
maakeel	maakeeltega	N;COM;PL;estonian
peldik	peldiku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
vabastama	vabastame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
raudtee	raudteedelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
reetma	reetnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
vibutama	ei vibutatud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
leheneeger	leheneegrid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
juuksur	juuksurid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
reisija	reisijaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
avama	avavat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
poolkuu	poolkuudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
käskiv	käskivale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
nokkima	nokiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
puu	puuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
keerama	ei keeravat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
apelsin	apelsinis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
leidma	oled leidnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
võitma	olid võitnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
tulekahju	tulekahjudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
kaevur	kaevurit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
sibul	sibulatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
langema	ei langetaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
nokkima	nokitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
vaba	vabana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
lööma	lööb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
haridus	haridustest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
pindluu	pindluu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
higistama	olgu higistanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
sinatama	ei sinatatud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
masturbeerima	oli masturbeeritud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
observatoorium	observatooriumdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
pede	pede	N;NOM;SG;estonian
malev	malevad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
keraamik	keraamikuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
tingiv	tingivata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ameriitsium	ameriitsiumina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ehtima	ei oleks ehtinudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
jalanõu	jalanõu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
janu	janudega	N;COM;PL;estonian
tundma	tundvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
einsteinium	einst	N;PRT;PL;estonian
nioobium	nioobiumid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
kaevama	kaevatavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
helistama	helistagem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
kallas	kaldaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
arvutama	ärge arvutage	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
korjama	korjaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
armuma	ei oleks armunudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
haruldus	haruldusel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
hõberebane	hõberebasel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
saama	ei saadaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
keeleteadus	keeleteadusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
lükkama	lükkaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
vibutama	ei ole vibutatudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
nikkuma	nikuti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
käsklus	käskluse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
kinkima	kinkisite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
saav	saavates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
nülgima	ärgu olgu nülginud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
kaenal	kaenaldega	N;COM;PL;estonian
panema	ei oleks pandudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
poolakas	poolakatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
oluline	olulistelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
nägu	näolt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
kroonu	kroonu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
sündima	ei sünnitavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
žürii	žürii	N;NOM;SG;estonian
kuulutama	kuulutasin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
parameeter	parameetritena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
kaarik	kaarikuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kobedus	kobedustele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
veebruar	veebruarita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
aabe	aapeta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
armuma	oleme armunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
samaarium	samaariumdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ploomipuu	ploomipuul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
sinine	sinine	N;NOM;SG;estonian
orjus	orjusteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
küsima	küsisid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
isadus	isadust	N;PRT;SG;estonian
alumiinium	alumiiniumina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
kiiruluu	kiiruluust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
õnnelik	õnnelik	N;NOM;SG;estonian
käskiv	käskiva	N;ACC;SG;estonian
murjan	murjanini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
sünnitama	sünnitatud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
teietama	teietati	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
kange	kangeni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
kasvama	kasvatud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
sünnitama	ärge sünnitage	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
kurat	kuradid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
nussima	nussiti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
šaakal	šaakaliga	N;COM;SG;estonian
kalastama	kalastasite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
istuma	ei istuta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
keiser	keisrita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
nägema	olen näinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
nakkus	nakkusel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
laulma	ei ole lauldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
elu	eludesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
võrduma	ei võrdutud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
kaotama	olin kaotanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
arutlema	olite arutlenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
kiirendama	kiirenda	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
keel	keele	N;GEN;SG;estonian
peenis	peenised	N;NOM;PL;estonian
hoiatama	oleksin hoiatanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
kasvama	olevat kasvatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
hobune	hobustel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
hüppama	hüppate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
kannel	kandle	N;GEN;SG;estonian
muuseum	muuseumil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
tulema	on tulnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
venelane	venelast	N;PRT;SG;estonian
lõpetama	ärgu olgu lõpetanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
õppima	oleksime õppinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
maasikas	maasikasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
langema	olen langenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
kinkima	kingiksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
hobune	hobusele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kee	keel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ümberlõikamine	ümberlõikamistel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
draakon	draakonitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
katma	kattis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
leedulane	leedulasteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
hääletama	olite hääletanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
teadma	tean	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
katkema	olid katkenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
kasvama	on kasvanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
korsten	korstnateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
redis	redisena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
riidekoi	riidekoides	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
kallistama	kallistanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
saatma	saada	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
kala	kaladena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
tätoveerima	ei oleks tätoveerinudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
pankur	pankuriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
harjama	olin harjanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
vaher	vahtraks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
lõikuskuu	lõikuskuul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
summutama	olid summutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
tseerium	tseeriumdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
fallos	falloseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
tütar	tütrest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
nobeelium	nobeeliumdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
vägi	vägedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
pärdik	pärdikuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
magama	ei olnud magatudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ettur	etturites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
põhiseadus	põhiseadustest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
meitneerium	meitneeriumita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
kaabel	kaablis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
kalkun	kalkunitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
tegema	ei olevat teinudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
muutma	muutku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
imetaja	imetajani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
sündima	ärgu olgu sünnitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
liibuma	liibus	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
kaplan	kaplaneid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
viinakuu	viinakuudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
vares	varesteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
tänama	ei tänatavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
aste	astetesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
sibul	sibulatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
korsten	korstnana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
kaevama	olen kaevanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
saabuma	saabus	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
suur	suure	N;ACC;SG;estonian
prantslane	prantslased	N;NOM;PL;estonian
naerma	olite naernud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
käsipuu	käsipuuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
pesema	pesi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
meitneerium	meitneeriumilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
elutuba	elutubadeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
saatma	saatis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
klaver	klaveris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
rubiidium	rubiidiumdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ununoktium	ununoktiumdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
kadakasakslane	kadakasakslasega	N;COM;SG;estonian
ööbik	ööbikud	N;ACC;PL;estonian
jooma	joodaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
mägi	mägedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
embama	oli emmanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
jaatama	olevat jaatanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
peenar	peenardeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
kiirendama	kiirendasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
teietama	teietate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
inglane	inglastesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
taimer	taimerit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
kuritöö	kuritööst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
keppima	kepime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
sööma	ärgem söögem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
soovima	soovigem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
karu	karu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
külastama	ei oleks külastanudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
õhtu	õhtuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
jooma	joodud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
draakon	draakonitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
püüdma	ei püüetaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
jalus	jalusteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
inimkaubandus	inimkaubandust	N;PRT;SG;estonian
tähendama	olite tähendanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
partii	partiist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
elav	elavat	N;PRT;SG;estonian
rinnahoidja	rinnahoidjatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
tõsi	tõtestõsis	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
niisutama	oli niisutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
pesema	ei pestaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
peeniseluu	peeniseluudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
vaidlema	ärgu vaielgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
kallistama	kallistaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
vaatama	oleksin vaadanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
kaklus	kaklused	N;ACC;PL;estonian
tätoveerija	tätoveerija	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ununheksium	ununheksiumist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
magama	olevat magatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
rukis	rukki	N;ACC;SG;estonian
sõltlane	sõltlastena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
hirmuma	hirmu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
raudtee	raudteedel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
norralane	norralastele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
rääkima	olete rääkinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
algama	oli alatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ehtima	ehitagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
õpetamine	õpetamisega	N;COM;SG;estonian
omastav	omastava	N;ACC;SG;estonian
saatma	ei oleks saadetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
major	majori	N;ACC;SG;estonian
peatus	peatusteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
käsipuu	käsipuud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
peeniseluu	peeniseluudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
järgnema	olid järgnenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
jäätisemasin	jäätisemasinaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
oluline	olulisel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
apelsin	apelsin	N;NOM;SG;estonian
kuldmedal	kuldmedalitena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
aaker	aakritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
tähendama	ei tähenda	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
kütma	ei olevat kütetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ühendama	ühendavat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
öökima	olgu öökinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
jäätis	jäätistesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
arvama	arvavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ameeriklane	ameeriklase	N;GEN;SG;estonian
õppima	õpin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
pärdik	pärdikuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
hakkama	hakkaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
kapral	kapralites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
kaalikas	kaalikaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
võlur	võluriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
sünnitama	on sünnitanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
voolik	voolikud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
lavastama	on lavastanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
muutus	muutus	N;NOM;SG;estonian
berkeelium	berkeeliumi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kippuma	olgu kippunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
roojamine	roojamised	N;NOM;PL;estonian
kindel	kindlasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kesi	keeni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
majandus	majandustega	N;COM;PL;estonian
bohrium	bohriumiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
hoiatama	ei olevat hoiatanudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
nokkima	ei ole nokkinudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
kindel	kindlad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
tingiv	tingivas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
liivlane	liivlasena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
võima	võib	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
eitama	eitab	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
vaba	vabad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
jalanõu	jalanõudeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
jäätama	jäätasin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
lugema	loeme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
lintšima	lintšisime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
andma	annaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
seesütlev	seesütlevateks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
tundma	oled tundnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
katkema	oli katkenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
rinnahoidja	rinnahoidjatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
tahtma	ei tahetavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
tuletõrjuja	tuletõrjujalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
bussipeatus	bussipeatusega	N;COM;SG;estonian
kaklema	kakelge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
reisima	oleksid reisinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
lõvi	lõvvi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
lõbu	lõbule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
gallium	galliumdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
haarama	ei oleks haaratudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
polüester	polüestrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
vabastama	vabastatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
aabe	aabetesseaapeisse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
võrduma	ei võrdutaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
roojama	ära rooja	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
rootslane	rootslase	N;GEN;SG;estonian
kirjutusmasin	kirjutusmasinatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
teietama	ei ole teietanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
rüütel	rüütlitest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
pesema	peseksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
surmama	surmama	V;NFIN;estonian
kasvama	kasvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
kaklus	kaklusele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
orhidee	orhideedeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
pikkus	pikkused	N;ACC;PL;estonian
vabastama	vabastasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
kulles	kullesega	N;COM;SG;estonian
jäätis	jäätistelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
mõtlemine	mõtlemiseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
neeger	neegri	N;ACC;SG;estonian
faasan	faasanile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
roojamine	roojamistel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
murdma	murraksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
järgnema	järgnetaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
terbium	terbiumdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
teietama	oled teietanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
holmium	holmiumdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
peenendama	on peenendanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
astuma	on astutud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
rootslane	rootslaseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
summutama	olgu summutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
helmekuu	helmekuuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
oletama	oletasite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
orjus	orjusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
võitma	võidan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
levik	levikutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
peatus	peatustes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
tsirkus	tsirkusena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
vabastama	olevat vabastatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
oras	orase	N;ACC;SG;estonian
heitma	ärgem heitkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
kohvimasin	kohvimasinal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
orhidee	orhideid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
välde	vältele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kiirendama	oli kiirendanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
jäätuma	ärgu olgu jäätunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
lugema	ei olevat lugenudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
luteetsium	luteetsiumdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
masturbeerima	masturbeerisime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
tsirkoonium	tsirkooniumilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
tundma	tundma	V;NFIN;estonian
arutlema	arutlegu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
hoidma	hoietud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
raamatukoi	raamatukoidesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
üritama	olevat üritatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
kaarik	kaarikutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
tuletõrjuja	tuletõrjujates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
röntgeenium	röntgeeniumdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
peenar	peenardelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
peavoolustamine	peavoolustamiselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
käskima	olin käskinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
kobisema	kobisegu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
pensionär	pensionärde	N;GEN;PL;estonian
harjutama	ärgu harjutatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
tanner	tandrita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
kasutama	olen kasutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
hüüdma	hüüab	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
lebama	lebatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
armuma	ei armutavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
nakkus	nakkused	N;NOM;PL;estonian
lintšima	oli lintšitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
varblane	varblasega	N;COM;SG;estonian
korter	korterist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
seller	sellerit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
küülik	küülikutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
kalastama	kalastan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
eitama	ei oleks eitatudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
tseerium	tseeriumita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
vennatütar	vennatütarde	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ava	avadesavus	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
klubi	klubist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
elama	elanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
soo	soole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
keel	keeli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
vesi	vesi	N;NOM;SG;estonian
viitsima	ei viitsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
masturbeerima	ei masturbeerita	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
vandenõu	vandenõuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
lootma	ärge lootke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
sõltuvus	sõltuvusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
künnis	künnisest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
hoidja	hoidjateks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
keeleteadus	keeleteadustelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
vars	varres	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
jääma	olid jäänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
püüdma	oleks püüetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
sittuma	ärgu olgu sittunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
rõhukamber	rõhukambriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
seisma	olgu seisnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
kreeklane	kreeklasteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
maa	maas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
vaidlema	vaieldakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
raudne	raudselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ununheksium	ununheksiumita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
isamaa	isamaaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
vanaadium	vanaadiumdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
hispaanlane	hispaanlasest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
šotlane	šotlasteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
pürgima	ärgu pürgitagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
eesel	eesliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
mendeleevium	mendeleeviumdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
vöö	vöödeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
imema	ei olnud imetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
spioneerima	spioneerisid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ukrainlane	ukrainlaselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
oskama	osakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
türklane	türklasest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
sadama	sadav	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
sirel	sireleid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
büroo	büroos	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
jäätama	jäätavat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
hoidma	ei hoietaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
kobedus	kobedusel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
närima	oleme närinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
istuma	ärgu olgu istutud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
saabuma	olete saabunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
haridus	haridustena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
kinaver	kinaverdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
elutuba	elutubadest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
mölder	möldrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
rukis	rukkist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
võima	võiksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
kinaver	kinaverita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
helistama	helistaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
leidma	olevat leidnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
selgitama	on selgitanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
peenar	peenraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
jõuluöö	jõuluööni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
võrduma	ei olnud võrdutudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
vihik	vihikutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
isadus	isaduseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
küsima	ei olevat küsitudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
vihkama	oli vihanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
kalkun	kalkunitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
roojama	roojavat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
omastav	omastavatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
parameeter	parameetritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
kinkima	ära kingi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ohutu	ohutuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
kesakuu	kesakuud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
vesiveski	vesiveskidena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
oletama	oletab	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
vaikus	vaikuse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
asjatundja	asjatundjalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
kiirendama	ei oleks kiirendatudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
keeleteadus	keeleteadust	N;PRT;SG;estonian
euroopium	euroopiumil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
keppima	oli kepitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
reenium	reeniumi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
peenis	peenistest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
rukis	rukki	N;GEN;SG;estonian
rootslane	rootslaselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
apelsin	apelsinini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
otsima	otsiksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
küünlakuu	küünlakuudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
harjama	harjakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ankur	ankru	N;ACC;SG;estonian
mära	mära	N;NOM;SG;estonian
veenma	olite veennud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
raudtee	raudteeks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kohin	kohinasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
aitama	aitaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
õpetaja	õpetaja	N;ACC;SG;estonian
püüdma	ärgu olgu püüetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
rukis	rukkini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
loendama	olite loendanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
uba	oaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
gadoliinium	gadoliiniumde	N;GEN;PL;estonian
arvutama	arvutatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
kesi	keed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
hukkama	ei ole hukatudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
sudenkuu	sudenkuudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
soolane	soolasteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
tätoveerima	olen tätoveerinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
aitama	on aidanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
vaidlema	vaieldavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
promeetium	promeetiumiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
sittuma	ei olevat situtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
orhidee	orhidee	N;NOM;SG;estonian
kreeklane	kreeklasest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
pede	pedet	N;PRT;SG;estonian
peatama	olgu peatatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
buldooser	buldooseritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ehitis	ehitised	N;NOM;PL;estonian
mardikas	mardikasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ununheksium	ununheksiumiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
imik	imikute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
murrak	murrakutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
vibutama	vibutate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
kippuma	kippunud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
mõla	mõlast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
käima	käidud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
omama	omasin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
liblikas	liblikate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
rääkima	räägiksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
kalkun	kalkunitena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
panema	on pannud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
gei	geides	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
kaelakee	kaelakeedena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
heitma	heidetav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
siduma	ei oleks seotudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
nutma	ei oleks nutnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
leidma	ärgu leidku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
aser	aseritel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
mölder	möldri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
peeniseluu	peeniseluus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
redel	redelisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ratsu	ratsult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
partii	partiina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
kanarbikukuu	kanarbikukuudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ala	alale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
tapma	oli tapnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
jäääär	jäääärteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
hüüdma	hüüetud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
sõnavabadus	sõnavabadus	N;NOM;SG;estonian
dubnium	dubniumdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
riietumine	riietumisteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
teadlane	teadlasteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
tuletõrjuja	tuletõrjujana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
sõudma	sõudsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
sittuma	situvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
rootslane	rootslastel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
kalastama	ei kalastavat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
rootslane	rootslasest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
luterlane	luterlastelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
metsis	metsistelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
haarama	haaraku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
šaakal	šaakalisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kaasaütlev	kaasaütlevast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
jätma	jätsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ründama	on rünnatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
tuba	toad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
nioobium	nioobiumdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
pisar	pisaratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
higistama	higistaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
vibutama	vibutaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
keskmine	keskmisteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
õunapuu	õunapuud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
lebama	olite lebanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
kaklema	ärgu olgu kakelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
pilu	piluga	N;COM;SG;estonian
sisseütlev	sisseütlevatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ükssarvik	ükssarvikute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
tänav	tänavasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
suvi	suvele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
jäääär	jäääärega	N;COM;SG;estonian
jugapuu	jugapuuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
öökima	öögin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
kolonel	koloneldesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
vabastama	olen vabastanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
kinkima	kingin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
soolane	soolaseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
alus	alused	N;ACC;PL;estonian
pronksmedal	pronksmedalitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
nikkuma	nikutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
mõrsja	mõrsjatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
tõlkima	tõlkisime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
tooma	oled toonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
soovima	soovinud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
reisima	reisib	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ala	alal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
statistika	statistika	N;GEN;SG;estonian
lendur	lendurilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
kaas	kaaneta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
varrukas	varrukale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
puhuma	ärge puhuge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
toorium	tooriumile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
liblikas	liblikat	N;PRT;SG;estonian
kastan	kastanite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
hallitama	oli hallitanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
nülgima	nülgige	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
leiutis	leiutiseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
vaidlema	vaidleksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
õiglus	õiglusel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
neptuunium	neptuuniumilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
rootslane	rootslasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
sünoptik	sünoptikutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
purema	ei olnud puretudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
astuma	astutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ujuma	ujugu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
saama	ärgem saagem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
leedulane	leedulasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kai	kaiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
strontsium	strontsiumid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
november	novembritesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ava	aval	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ehitama	ärgu ehitatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
kala	kalalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
liblikas	liblikana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
tüdruk	tüdrukut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
lavastaja	lavastajateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
aken	akent	N;PRT;SG;estonian
tüdruk	tüdrukutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
hallitama	ei olnud hallitatudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
lootma	olite lootnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
