tribuuni	tribuuneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ulkoasiainministeri	ulkoasiainministereiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
absorptio	absorptiolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kepponen	kepposen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
kävellä	ei olisi kävellyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
oksidoida	älkööt oksidoiko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
kääntää	olisivat kääntäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
nokeutua	älkööt nokeutuko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
painonnosto	painonnostoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
päähänpisto	päähänpistossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
simpleksi	simpleksiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ärsyttyä	ärsyttynevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
mendelöidä	ei mendelöidä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
kirskua	et kirskuisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
repeentyä	olitte repeentyneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
jäätää	olkaamme jäätäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
pipertää	ei ollut piperretty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
huitaista	en huitaisse	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
kryssiä	lienee kryssinyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
eurooppalaistaa	ei eurooppalaistettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
kandela	kandeloilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
linnustaa	linnustettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
kaivattaa	olisin kaivattanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
romauttaa	eivät olleet romauttaneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ääntyä	olisivat ääntyneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
vainoharhaisuus	vainoharhaisuuksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
päivittäistavarakauppa	päivittäistavarakauppoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
kyyhkyhapero	kyyhkyhaperoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
havaita	olivat havainneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
heivata	heivasin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
pleiotrooppinen	pleiotrooppisin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
kylmävesihana	kylmävesihanat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
haisuseitikki	haisuseitikein	N;INS;PL;finnish
mahla	mahlalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
narsisti	narsisti	N;NOM;SG;finnish
säväyttää	säväyttäisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
pietä	olimme pienneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
totuttaa	ette liene totuttaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
ilmeetön	ilmeettömiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
mykerö	mykeröin	N;INS;PL;finnish
senturio	senturioina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
universaalinen	universaaliset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
kuuloluu	kuuloluulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
alkutekijä	alkutekijät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
biolääketieteellinen	biolääketieteellinen	N;NOM;SG;finnish
afrikankultakissa	afrikankultakissasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
karitsoittaa	on karitsoitettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
kaulanikama	kaulanikamalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
boakäärme	boakäärmeissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
raakkua	älköön olko raakuttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
loiveta	olemme loivenneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ruhjevyöhyke	ruhjevyöhykkeet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
gallup	gallupeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
orjuus	orjuuksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
naisnisäisyys	naisnisäisyydettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
osakkuus	osakkuudella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
stabilisaattori	stabilisaattoritta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
vajota	vajoatte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
perusoikeus	perusoikeudelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
saastua	saastunevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
lehtiä	et lehtine	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
editointi	editoinnitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
verhota	et ollut verhonnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
discotanssi	discotanssilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
havahduttaa	lienet havahduttanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
osa-aikatyö	osa-aikatyöt	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kserografia	kserografialla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
sedan	sedan	N;NOM;SG;finnish
riehua	riehuin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
rööki	röökiltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
kutistaa	ei kutisteta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
aselepo	aselevot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
nablata	nablaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
jalkajousi	jalkajouselle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
viiltää	älkööt viiltäkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
kulmalippu	kulmalippuja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
silakkalaatikko	silakkalaatikon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
marjakiisseli	marjakiisseliksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
nyhjättää	ette olisi nyhjättäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
adventtiaika	adventtiaikaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
norua	olisit norunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
nakkimakkara	nakkimakkarana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
hiekkadyyni	hiekkadyyni	N;NOM;SG;finnish
lipua	emme lipune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
lakkaus	lakkauksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
kreikkalaistaa	kreikkalaistanut	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;finnish
pakaralihas	pakaralihaksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
jaoton	jaottomista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
hohtaa	olisi hohtanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
fossilisoitua	ovat fossilisoituneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
fiksoida	emme liene fiksoineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
natiivi	natiiviksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
kreivikunta	kreivikuntaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
omavaraistua	oli omavaraistuttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
loiskunta	loiskunnoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
rasvoittua	ei olisi rasvoittunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
japaninpika	japaninpikaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
oi'istua	en oi'istune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
vierittää	vieritimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
häpäistä	häpäiskööt	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
nokisiipilokki	nokisiipilokit	N;NOM;PL;finnish
etsata	etsattaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
kroonistua	ole kroonistunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
šaali	šaaleiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
polymeeri	polymeereilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
relevantti	relevantteihin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
sähköparisto	sähköparistoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
redusoida	redusoinevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
louhia	lienemme louhineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
resurssit	resursseitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
kylmälaatikko	kylmälaatikot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kipsata	eivät ole kipsanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
tahriintua	et tahriintuisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
jyskähtää	lienee jyskähtänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
houkutella	olkoon houkuteltu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
sedimentoida	sedimentoinee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
psykootikko	psykootikotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
osoite	osoitteisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
kiihkota	olisitte kiihkonneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
viskoosisuus	viskoosisuuksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
elokuva	elokuvissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
keuhkopussintulehdus	keuhkopussintulehduksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
breikata	lienevät breikanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
jurottaa	jurottanevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
tarkastaa	tarkastaisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
panteisti	panteistien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
hätääntyä	hätäännytte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
karkeuttaa	eivät karkeuta	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
autopurkaamo	autopurkaamossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
degeneroitua	et degeneroitune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
kimpaantua	kimpaannutaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
judoka	judokoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
rasagiliini	rasagiliineina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
tabernaakkeli	tabernaakkelien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
diplomi-insinööri	diplomi-insinöörille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kolmikulmainen	kolmikulmainen	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
tietoteoria	tietoteoriaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
harveta	harvenisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
hopeahääpäivä	hopeahääpäivien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
mutkistua	mutkistumme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
kuplia	olisitte kuplineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
jytistää	et ole jytistänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
kurkata	ette kurkkaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
vaikuttua	en olisi vaikuttunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
fariinisokeri	fariinisokereita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
lokus	lokus	N;NOM;SG;finnish
jousiammunta	jousiammuntoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
hakkerointi	hakkerointeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
nisiini	nisiini	N;NOM;SG;finnish
juoksuttaa	juoksuttaisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
ooliitti	ooliitilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
haluta	eivät haluaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
parsia	älköön parsittako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
isokotipäästäinen	isokotipäästäiselle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
rullaluistella	eivät rullaluistelle	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
autti	autteja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
monihaarainen	monihaaraisetta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
uhrikuolema	uhrikuolemana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
digitalisointi	digitalisointi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
tähtisampi	tähtisammelta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
viisikymppinen	viisikymppisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
mukailla	ovat mukailleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
biografia	biografiaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
sirittää	oli siritetty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
naiivi	naiiveilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
brasilianpuupiikkisika	brasilianpuupiikkisika	N;ACC;SG;finnish
etuistuin	etuistuimineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
pureskella	pureskeltu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
sähkövika	sähkövikoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
kotiutua	on kotiutunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
tasapuolinen	tasapuolinen	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
sarvimainen	sarvimaisina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
nujertaa	eivät nujertaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
arabimaa	arabimaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
rehellisyys	rehellisyydettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
manuskripti	manuskriptilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
viedä	älkää viekö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
pörhistää	pörhistitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
haistatella	oli haistateltu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
immunologia	immunologiassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
olympiajoukkue	olympiajoukkueen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
rikkaus	rikkauksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
saranoitu	saranoidulta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ryhdistää	emme ryhdistä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
pitkäaikainen	pitkäaikaiseen	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
kitka	kitkaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
latteus	latteuksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
polvistua	en polvistunut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
monistaa	et liene monistanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
detaljitieto	detaljitietoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
polemikoida	älä ole polemikoinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
huiskuttaa	huiskuttakaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
glaseerata	et olisi glaseerannut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
propagandistinen	propagandistisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
kipaista	ei kipaise	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
purkurauta	purkuraudat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
fagosytoida	fagosytoisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
shamppanja	shamppanjassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
juominen	juomisetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
kouluttaa	lienet kouluttanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
pusikko	pusikko	N;NOM;SG;finnish
valvontakamera	valvontakamerana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
jänölepakko	jänölepakot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
navallisuus	navallisuudessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
kaavoittua	ei kaavoituttaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
mässäillä	olet mässäillyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
löpö	löpöksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
tyttömäinen	tyttömäisiä	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
meningiitti	meningiiteille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
avainasema	avainasemina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
addiktoitua	eivät liene addiktoituneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ylhä	ylhineen	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
teollistaa	eivät liene teollistaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
reksi	reksein	N;INS;PL;finnish
tuhota	tuhotaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
psykogeeninen	psykogeenisettä	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
ulontaa	ei ole ulontanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
viippua	et ollut viippunut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
ufotutkimus	ufotutkimukseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ahdata	emme olleet ahdanneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
paiskella	älkäämme olko paiskelleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
bokseri	bokserilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
hedelmäkeitto	hedelmäkeitoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
kuunnella	emme kuuntele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
metaanihappo	metaanihappona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
törröttää	olimme törröttäneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
kateellinen	kateellisena	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
överi	överein	N;INS;PL;finnish
liiskata	liiskata	V;NFIN;finnish
artikulointi	artikuloinnit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
manipulaattori	manipulaattoritta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
brodyyri	brodyyriksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
valmistusaine	valmistusaineelta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
galleria	galleriasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
hyeena	hyeenoiden	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tasauslasku	tasauslaskua	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ilmiantaa	en ollut ilmiantanut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
allastaa	älkää olko allastaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
saartaa	et ollut saartanut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
kävelijä	kävelijän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
erikoisosasto	erikoisosastojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
laillisuusperiaate	laillisuusperiaatteiden	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ulvottaa	ovat ulvottaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
puoltaja	puoltaja	N;ACC;SG;finnish
rannempi	rannemmin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
äitiysvapaa	äitiysvapaalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
pyhiinvaellus	pyhiinvaellukset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
runnoa	runnoisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
merkkitorvi	merkkitorvena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
iisi	iisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
mielikuvakartta	mielikuvakartoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
hikihuokonen	hikihuokosella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
erite	eritteittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
pippeli	pippeleittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
diftongiutua	emme olleet diftongiutuneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
viestikapula	viestikapulaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
prostasykliini	prostasykliineinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
näennäinen	näennäisiä	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
aerobicata	ette liene aerobicanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
guslinsoittaja	guslinsoittajana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
yliarvioida	olkoon yliarvioitu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
edesmennä	et ollut edesmennyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
velmuilla	ei velmuiltane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
synketä	ette liene synkenneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
abiturientti	abiturientein	N;INS;PL;finnish
aistiton	aistittomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
samastua	samastuisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
unohtaa	unohdettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
vesivoimala	vesivoimaloille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
toimihenkilö	toimihenkilöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
mishääri	mishääristä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
raikas	raikkailta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
veska	veskoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
pesiä	ei ollut pesinyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
hörähtää	hörähtivät	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
artenomi	artenomeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
lusikoida	on lusikoinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
hoikistaa	oli hoikistettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
katkokävely	katkokävelyjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
virnuilla	virnuillet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
hopeanharmaa	hopeanharmaista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
vinjetti	vinjetistä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
friskata	emme friskaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
luhistua	luhistuisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
lankata	lankatkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
sisäministeri	sisäministerein	N;INS;PL;finnish
tuhoutua	et tuhoudu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
kehite	kehitteenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ilkamoida	ilkamoitu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
poliisiauto	poliisiautotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
pyöräteline	pyörätelineet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
suhdeluku	suhdelukujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
hallinnoida	hallinnoinet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
lumikenkä	lumikengistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
syntymätön	syntymätön	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
pidellä	pidellee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
savustua	oli savustunut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
krysopraasi	krysopraaseihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
naittaja	naittajissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
kuusipeura	kuusipeuraksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
shokeerata	olkaa shokeeranneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
tyhjätä	olette tyhjänneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
louskua	louskuimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
tituloida	oli tituloitu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
keskustella	keskustelkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
kiepsahtaa	ette kiepsahtane	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
soijakastike	soijakastikkeeksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
tallentamaton	tallentamattomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
lyhtymeriahven	lyhtymeriahven	N;ACC;SG;finnish
norjannos	norjannoksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
problematisoida	problematisoivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
koheloida	en koheloisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
kolisuttaa	kolisutatte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
marski	marskeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
vaalikausi	vaalikausista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
eläytyä	eläytyisivät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
koekäyttäjä	koekäyttäjäksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
karata	eivät karkaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
televisioida	ette televisioine	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
kutittaa	lienevät kutittaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
piristää	älä piristä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
kiehätä	emme kiehänne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
piipertää	olkoot piipertäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
suoltua	ei suolluttaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
myllätä	mylläsit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
filippiinienkummituseläin	filippiinienkummituseläimeen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
pullahtaa	emme pullahtaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
vuorata	emme olisi vuoranneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
raksahdella	älä raksahtele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
urbaanilegenda	urbaanilegendaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
atavistinen	atavististen	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
pursottaa	en pursota	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
harmonistua	olkaamme harmonistuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
kraavata	eivät ole kraavanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
limoittua	limoitutaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
elämys	elämyksettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
läski	läskeillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
euforia	euforiasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
karppikala	karppikalojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
etummainen	etummaisitta	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
tahrautua	ette ole tahrautuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ohraleipä	ohraleipä	N;NOM;SG;finnish
jojo	jojoa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
kromitus	kromituksen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
kapsahtaa	kapsahdettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
vitivalkoinen	vitivalkoisiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
linnoittua	olin linnoittunut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
muotoilla	eivät muotoile	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
uimarata	uimaradat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
omistautua	en ollut omistautunut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
joulusesonki	joulusesongissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
pureskella	pureskelkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ilmapuntari	ilmapuntareille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
diftongiutua	olisitte diftongiutuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
pegmatiitti	pegmatiittiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
virkistäytyä	virkistäytyisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
reunusta	reunustoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
stereotelevisio	stereotelevisioiden	N;GEN;PL;finnish
järvitiede	järvitieteeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ammatillistua	älköön ammatillistuttako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
kotelomalja	kotelomalja	N;NOM;SG;finnish
vihanpurkaus	vihanpurkauksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
tomaattikeitto	tomaattikeitoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
käpälöidä	älköön käpälöitäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
mahanpuru	mahanpurulle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kärsimysnäytelmä	kärsimysnäytelmiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
orvokkikasvi	orvokkikasvista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
äärellisyys	äärellisyyksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
puuvapaa	puuvapaina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
pumppaamo	pumppaamosta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
stabilisaattori	stabilisaattoreissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
hurjistuttaa	hurjistutettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
kovasin	kovasimien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
urauttaa	ette urauttane	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
sappirakko	sappirakosta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
kompata	on kompattu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
syfilis	syfiliksen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
keskipermikautinen	keskipermikautisitta	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
kodkod	kodkodein	N;INS;PL;finnish
miesystävä	miesystävä	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ympäristöasia	ympäristöasiaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
hoitajatar	hoitajattaressa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
kastroida	et kastroinut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
kaunopuheisuus	kaunopuheisuuksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
sätkynukke	sätkynuket	N;ACC;PL;finnish
heinänteko	heinäntekoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
teettää	ei liene teettänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
ruokosokeri	ruokosokeriksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
raikastaa	raikastettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
frontaalitaso	frontaalitasolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
koodinvaihto	koodinvaihdolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
predestinoida	predestinoi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
reagoida	et reagoinut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
häly	hälylle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
reaktiivisuus	reaktiivisuuksilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
kivistää	kivistettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
tiedoksianto	tiedoksiannolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
noeta	lienette noenneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
näälämies	näälämiehenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
egyptinvaivaispäästäinen	egyptinvaivaispäästäiseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
mäkihyppääjä	mäkihyppääjiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
juomapilli	juomapillin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
sionistinen	sionistisitta	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
pienentyä	ei ole pienentynyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
aktinoliitti	aktinoliitiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
sähkönjohdin	sähkönjohtimeksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
äärilaji	äärilajiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
hämärryttää	hämärryttänyt	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;finnish
epiloida	olemme epiloineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
seerumihoito	seerumihoidoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
häippäistä	ette häippäisisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
Rh-negatiivinen	Rh-negatiivisestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
turskansukuinen	turskansukuinen	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
rihlata	rihlataan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
päivittää	päivittänen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
tahma	tahmoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
förskotti	förskotti	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ekokylä	ekokylillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
laikkuisuus	laikkuisuutta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
navajo	navajoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
juovuttaa	älköön juovuttako	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
kohderyhmä	kohderyhmättä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
niittysuohaukka	niittysuohaukan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
raaentaa	ei ole raaentanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
räksyttää	räksytettäisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
ponnahtaa	ei ponnahtanut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
kaivattaa	emme liene kaivattaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
kierrätysastia	kierrätysastioissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
tippi	tippeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ristiinnaulita	ei ristiinnaulitsisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
kässätä	ette liene kässänneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
alaikäisyys	alaikäisyyksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ruksata	olit ruksannut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
oivalluskyky	oivalluskyvyt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
hyrysysy	hyrysysyt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ongelmanratkaisu	ongelmanratkaisulta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
teetättää	emme teetättäisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
ydinkärki	ydinkärkenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
pampattaa	ette olisi pampattaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
ajelehtia	olen ajelehtinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
kimpaantua	et kimpaannu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
narista	olisivat narisseet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
harhaanjohtaa	olivat harhaanjohtaneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
suukkosuu	suukkosuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
kukkimisaika	kukkimisajoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
pompottaa	olisi pompotettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
keittola	keittolalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
barokliininen	barokliiniseen	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
asetonitriili	asetonitriileihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
adjektiivisuus	adjektiivisuuksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
jurrata	jurrattakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
magnetiitti	magnetiitteihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
karkeistaa	karkeistatte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
nousta	nousta	V;NFIN;finnish
tarkentua	emme tarkentuisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
levittää	levittäkööt	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
finninaamainen	finninaamainen	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
onteloida	olen onteloinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
paineistaa	lienette paineistaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
kääriytyä	kääriytyisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
silmänpaine	silmänpaine	N;NOM;SG;finnish
masturboida	eivät masturboisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
yksityisasiakas	yksityisasiakkaat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
muodontaa	en muodonna	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
puoluesihteeri	puoluesihteereita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ylpistyä	eivät ylpistyisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
maidonkorvike	maidonkorvikkeet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
lonksua	olisimme lonksuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
hajotus	hajotuksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
kartiopullistuma	kartiopullistumassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
puhelinmyyjä	puhelinmyyjittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
karkota	lienette karkonneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
hymähtää	hymähtänet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
kudonta	kudonnoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
viitata	et viitanne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
lustitarha	lustitarhoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
karsiintua	et olisi karsiintunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
rautatammi	rautatammitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
asuntoalue	asuntoalueitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ahnehtia	älkööt ahnehtiko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
uskoutua	eivät uskoutuisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
ennakkoilmoittautuminen	ennakkoilmoittautumisten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
kerskata	kerskaava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
harhaanjohtaa	ei harhaanjohtaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
uima-allas	uima-altaaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
kompastua	lienet kompastunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
viidesneljättä	viidennenneljättä	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
parveutua	en parveutune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
energeettinen	energeettisiä	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
ruutunelonen	ruutunelositta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
golfauto	golfautotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
eurooppalainen	eurooppalaisella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
betoniteräs	betoniteräkset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
obduktio	obduktio	N;NOM;SG;finnish
geosynkroninen	geosynkroniseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
haitinalmikki	haitinalmikilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
maasturi	maasturin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
haljakampi	haljakammille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
aineettomampi	aineettomammatta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
pökerryttää	ei olisi pökerrytetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
helskyä	on helskytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
herketä	olimme herkenneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ankkuripeli	ankkuripeleineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
tuulikukko	tuulikukkoa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
tuonpuoleinen	tuonpuoleisesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
tupruttaa	olisi tupruttanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
barbaari	barbaarille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
piisami	piisameilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
riipunta	riipuntoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
komentosarja	komentosarjoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
nahkoa	nahkonevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
jokilaakso	jokilaaksolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
pohjata	pohjaisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
iskias	iskiakseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
natriumasetaatti	natriumasetaatitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
kammota	et olisi kammonnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
pursi	purreksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
hipoa	emme olleet hiponeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
vierähtää	en vierähtäisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
emitoida	et emitoisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
lehtikala	lehtikalat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
höpsiä	emme ole höpsineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
kvasitieteellinen	kvasitieteelliselle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
keriä	älkäämme olko kerineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
kouluikäinen	kouluikäisistä	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ujohko	ujohkoilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
osavuosikatsaus	osavuosikatsauksen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
rapsodia	rapsodiassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
huljahtaa	älköön olko huljahdettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
sudennälkäinen	sudennälkäiset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
kaappaus	kaappauksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
antaa ylen	antaisin ylen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
seinäruusu	seinäruusussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
formaatio	formaatioksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
automaattiovi	automaattiovea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
mobilisoida	mobilisoi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
opetella	ei opeteltu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
vastasyntynyt	vastasyntyneen	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
oikeudenmukainen	oikeudenmukaisiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
salpaaja	salpaajina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
saostua	olkaamme saostuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
virroittaa	ei liene virroitettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
hätkäyttää	eivät hätkäyttäisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
ryystää	olisitte ryystäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
astella	olisin astellut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
katku	katkuin	N;INS;PL;finnish
epäluonnollinen	epäluonnolliselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
yhtenäistää	et yhtenäistänyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
rummuttaa	olisitte rummuttaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
vähentyä	eivät vähentyneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
fillaroida	fillaroikaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
narskunta	narskunnat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
collie	colliesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
huimia	huimitaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
iloita	älköön iloitko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
dekki	dekkinä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
lanata	ette lananne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
suprajohtavuus	suprajohtavuuksilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
indikoida	en olisi indikoinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
antaa opetus	antaisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
neulaventtiili	neulaventtiileinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
skruuvata	oli skruuvattu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
pidättyä	olin pidättynyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
heittää huiviin	olisin heittänyt huiviin	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
kunnallispolitiikka	kunnallispolitiikalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
nenäliina	nenäliinojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
leninismi	leninismeistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
kaksoiselämä	kaksoiselämälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
oppineisuus	oppineisuuksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
konstruoida	konstruoi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
eriyttää	et ole eriyttänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
kuppaus	kuppauksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
savustus	savustukselle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kaakeliuuni	kaakeliuuneista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
aikuisuus	aikuisuudet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
herahtaa	olkaa herahtaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
fasteri	fasterista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
jokivene	jokiveneeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
laittaa pois päältä	lienette laittaneet pois päältä	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
hampurilainen	hampurilaiset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
csárdás	csárdáseitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
riittää	riittänen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
akklimatisoida	olemme akklimatisoineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ribosomi	ribosomina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
koepaikka	koepaikkoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
nesteyttää	ei ollut nesteyttänyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
hiihtolatu	hiihtoladulta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
solipsismi	solipsismeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
koksiintua	ei ole koksiintunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
kontrolloida	olivat kontrolloineet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
hiidenkirnu	hiidenkirnuissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
lohkoketju	lohkoketjulle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
saartaa	lienen saartanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
kalsa	kalsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
vankentaa	emme ole vankentaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
kansankieli	kansankielistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
CD-levysoitin	CD-levysoitinta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
onginta	ongintoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
voimistaa	voimistaisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
asvaltoida	asvaltoisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
pelkkä	pelkin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
juovamaaorava	juovamaaoravasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
progestiini	progestiinitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
sijaisperhe	sijaisperheeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
kompleksikonjugaatti	kompleksikonjugaateille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
röyhtäillä	lienevät röyhtäilleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
japaninjänis	japaninjänisten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
kurjistaa	olkoot kurjistaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
kirpakka	kirpakkana	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
ohjeidenmukainen	ohjeidenmukaisin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
loistaa	ei liene loistettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
folioida	älä ole folioinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
kansainvälistyä	et ollut kansainvälistynyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
oblasti	oblastiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
tumaton	tumattomilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
keskonen	keskosen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
vohla	vohlien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
kähmiä	lienen kähminyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
päivällisaika	päivällisaika	N;NOM;SG;finnish
itiökotelo	itiökotelo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
adventtisunnuntai	adventtisunnuntaiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
euroopankuusi	euroopankuusilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
psykokineettinen	psykokineettisittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
paleltua	eivät ole paleltuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ojentua	eivät liene ojentuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ällistyä	eivät liene ällistyneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
jänskä	jänskiä	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
raakalaisuus	raakalaisuuksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
draamakirjallisuus	draamakirjallisuudelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ripinä	ripinästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
variaabeli	variaabeleista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
provokatorinen	provokatorisine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
liitokala	liitokalatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
limppari	limppariksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
tylsistyä	tylsistyttävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
ydinjoukko	ydinjoukkoihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
biitsi	biitsiä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
peukalokyytiläinen	peukalokyytiläiset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
pakottaminen	pakottaminen	N;ACC;SG;finnish
mutkistaa	ei mutkisteta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
sahatavara	sahatavaroiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
boheemi	boheemein	N;INS;PL;finnish
sähköpostiviesti	sähköpostiviestittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
rautatieyhteys	rautatieyhteyksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
histamiini	histamiinissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
tuottaa	et olisi tuottanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
noro	norot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ajattaja	ajattajalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
laahia	en liene laahinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
auguuri	auguureilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
halveerata	älkööt olko halveeranneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
takaistuin	takaistuimet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
jalkopää	jalkopäiden	N;GEN;PL;finnish
piilottaa	älkää piilottako	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
hakkeroida	olet hakkeroinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
pörrätä	olin pörrännyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
helottaa	helottaa	V;NFIN;finnish
gneissigraniitti	gneissigraniitit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
uudentua	et ollut uudentunut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
myhäillä	ovat myhäilleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
julistautua	ette ole julistautuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
vaihtua	et liene vaihtunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
naurattaa	et olisi naurattanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
tyrkyttää	olisitte tyrkyttäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
toisintaa	emme olisi toisintaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
laiskistua	laiskistuttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
puuroutua	en liene puuroutunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
krupieeri	krupieereja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
talkootyö	talkootyöltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
asennoitua	ei olisi asennoiduttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
räsy	räsyllä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
täsmällinen	täsmällisin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
ei-oo	ei-oot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
suosiminen	suosimisille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ujostella	olkaa ujostelleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
vamppi	vampeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
polveutua	emme polveutune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
koordinaatta	koordinaattoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
helvetillinen	helvetillinen	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
tokajinviini	tokajinviineissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
koukuttaa	koukutamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
musertua	musertunen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
ai-ai	ai-aissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
nylkeä	emme nylkisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
lonksua	emme lonksune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
herua	herunen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
linna	linnoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
vääristyä	vääristytte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
hiekoittaa	älä hiekoita	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
päivystää	päivystän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ajella	emme ajelle	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
betonoida	betonoinette	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
affektikouristus	affektikouristukset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
skanneri	skannereina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
neitokurki	neitokurjissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
havitella	olin havitellut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
harmentaa	ei ollut harmennettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
anteeksiannettava	anteeksiannettavana	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
polymeroida	lienet polymeroinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
tuutoroida	tuutoroit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
vikistä	en ole vikissyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
empiä	et emmi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
banaali	banaaleista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
astahtaa	astahdin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
juoruta	olkaa juorunneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
äestää	olisi äestänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
halveta	älköön olko halvettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
spiraalivetoketju	spiraalivetoketjulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
määrittää	olemme määrittäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
kärsivällinen	kärsivällisin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
tunisialainen	tunisialaisilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
laavavirta	laavavirtoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
sisennys	sisennyksiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
radikaalistaa	ei radikaalistettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
suotautua	lienee suotauduttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
päivystää	olkaamme päivystäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
olympiaurheilu	olympiaurheiluja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
merkintäkieli	merkintäkieli	N;NOM;SG;finnish
oppilasmäärä	oppilasmääriin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
norkko	norkon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
tiira	tiirat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
wokata	en ole wokannut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
juoksukäki	juoksukäiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
pystyillä	ei pystyille	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
tulistua	ette tulistuneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
nähdä punaista	näkisit punaista	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
seksielokuva	seksielokuvat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
pujottelu	pujotteluista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
propyleeniglykoli	propyleeniglykoleineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
perinnöllisyystieteilijä	perinnöllisyystieteilijättä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
karehtia	karehdittava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
rumannäköinen	rumannäköisestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
myskirotta	myskirotta	N;ACC;SG;finnish
pohjanpystykorva	pohjanpystykorvien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
perunankuori	perunankuorelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
panenteismi	panenteismitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
kuvaileva	kuvailevin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
amerikkalainen	amerikkalaisella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
äänirako	ääniraot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
älykkö	älykköön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
saada selkäänsä	emme saisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
niksahtaa	ette ole niksahtaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
raukka	raukka	N;NOM;SG;finnish
yhteismaa	yhteismaatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
hakkautua	olimme hakkautuneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
vaalentaa	vaalentava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
hiillyttää	ei ollut hiillyttänyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
mätäpaise	mätäpaisein	N;INS;PL;finnish
psyka	psykaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
pekonihampurilainen	pekonihampurilaisessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
linja-autopysäkki	linja-autopysäkein	N;INS;PL;finnish
deformoida	lienee deformoitu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
riiustaa	ette riiusta	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
maistaa	maistaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
turvottaa	turvottakoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
papattaa	et papattaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
haketus	haketuksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
heittiö	heittiöittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
johdannainen	johdannaiselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
kekata	eivät ole kekanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
isokihu	isokihulta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
wieniläisklassismi	wieniläisklassismina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
traagillinen	traagillisessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
astuja	astujilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
vaihtokurssi	vaihtokurssien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
solmuteoria	solmuteorioita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
kausilippu	kausilippua	N;PRT;SG;finnish
jakaa	lienee jaettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
länsimaistaa	olen länsimaistanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
pihinä	pihinällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
rumentua	ei liene rumennuttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
ongelmakenttä	ongelmakentillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
kohdistua	olette kohdistuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
lähetystö	lähetystöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
kirkonkirja	kirkonkirjojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
rytkyä	rytkyin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
pullottaa	pullottava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
käännähtää	olit käännähtänyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
sytytin	sytyttimeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
pakkolomauttaa	on pakkolomauttanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
polkuauto	polkuautojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
viestittää	ole viestittänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
lapaluu	lapaluusta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
keikuttaa	en ollut keikuttanut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
kauhduttaa	olet kauhduttanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
megalopoli	megalopoli	N;NOM;SG;finnish
patinoida	älköön patinoiko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
mukailla	mukaillaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
lomailla	en liene lomaillut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
shoppailla	ette shoppaille	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
puolapuut	puolapuina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
stylisoida	ette stylisoineet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
lehdykkäsoitin	lehdykkäsoittimelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
nolottaa	nolottavat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
pitkäaikaistyöttömyys	pitkäaikaistyöttömyys	N;NOM;SG;finnish
kulaani	kulaanitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
fraktaalinen	fraktaalisesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
lujittua	älä ole lujittunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
pusia	et pusinut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
ryyppylasi	ryyppylaseiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
laillistua	ei laillistuttane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
norjistua	älkööt norjistuko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
epäonnistua	olimme epäonnistuneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
rehevämpi	rehevämmissä	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ojitusalue	ojitusalueelta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
taivaaseenastuminen	taivaaseenastumisin	N;INS;PL;finnish
laittautua	laittauduttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
sivistyä	emme sivisty	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
banalisointi	banalisoinneissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
kasvisto	kasvistoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
kuolemanjälkeinen	kuolemanjälkeisissä	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
annostella	eivät olisi annostelleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
henkistyä	henkistyvät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
salaojitus	salaojituksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
tunneäly	tunneälyssä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
lingvistinen	lingvistisinä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
kokoontua	kokoonnuttu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
hylätä	hylännemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
syrjäytyä	syrjäytyivät	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
suippohuulisarvikuono	suippohuulisarvikuonotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
neuvoksetar	neuvoksettaren	N;GEN;SG;finnish
nuori	nuorella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
majoneesinen	majoneesisena	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
kärttää	kärttää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
höykyttää	höykyttää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
pariteetti	pariteetille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ideaali	ideaali	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ropsia	ropsittaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
skoolata	olisit skoolannut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
anaerobinen	anaerobiset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
murskain	murskaimilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
kuiduton	kuiduttomin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
sotilashallinto	sotilashallinnoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
otsalamppu	otsalamputta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
punnertaa	on punnerrettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
hulauttaa	hulautettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
puosu	puosujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
telkku	telkut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
puhallusputki	puhallusputkissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
koisa	koisalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
keskiafrikkalainen	keskiafrikkalaisineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
jokeri	jokeriksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
innovoida	eivät innovoi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
katalonialainen	katalonialaisten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
uusiutua	uusiudutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
kiemurtaa	ei kiemurra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
tanssiryhmä	tanssiryhmänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
kolmiterälehtinen	kolmiterälehtisiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
langettaa	älkäämme langettako	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ärjyä	ei ärjyisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
itsenäistyttää	et olisi itsenäistyttänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
saveutua	saveutuisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
nimekäs	nimekkäille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
laajaverkko	laajaverkkoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
uroskissa	uroskissaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
enteillä	eivät olisi enteilleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
itsenäistyä	ette itsenäistyneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
langaton	langattomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
asfaltoida	asfaltoimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
intiansarvikuono	intiansarvikuonolta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
tiliöidä	oli tiliöinyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
aasianmetsäpyy	aasianmetsäpyinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
folaatti	folaateilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
toikkaroida	ei toikkaroi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
hionta	hiontoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
kotikalja	kotikaljoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ilmetty	ilmettyyn	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
selailla	lienee selailtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
keskittää	keskitämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ceyloninkaneli	ceyloninkanelissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
vihta	vihta	N;NOM;SG;finnish
aloitella	ei ollut aloiteltu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
hiihtokoulu	hiihtokouluilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
liikuttua	olkaa liikuttuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ruskuaispussi	ruskuaispusseilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
hapankaali	hapankaaleista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
unitutkimus	unitutkimuksella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
amerikkalainen	amerikkalaisille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
lasketella	olisin lasketellut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
lapinsirri	lapinsirriä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
tummentua	en tummentuisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
lantio	lantioissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
letittää	älkää olko letittäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
joikata	joikkasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
feodaaliaika	feodaaliajalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
etikkainen	etikkaisella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
koruommella	en ollut koruommellut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
valkuaisnuora	valkuaisnuoratta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
mielisairaala	mielisairaalaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
suisidaalinen	suisidaaliseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
polymeraasi	polymeraasista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
hämääntyä	olit hämääntynyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
lampaantalja	lampaantaljoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
impata	impattava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
otos	otoksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
vuosiluokka	vuosiluokat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
osakasyritys	osakasyrityksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
minimisoida	lienette minimisoineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
kakkospesä	kakkospesältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
demobilisointi	demobilisoinnit	N;NOM;PL;finnish
maahantuoja	maahantuojassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
körttiläinen	körttiläisiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
uupua	uupukoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
huoruus	huoruuksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
zoogeografia	zoogeografiat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
hydrokemia	hydrokemioille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
leuhkia	lienee leuhkinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
monarkisti	monarkisteista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
elinkorko	elinkorkoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
avanto	avantoihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
kummaksua	ette kummaksune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
väyryneniitti	väyryneniitin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
nukka	nukat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
punertaa	lienet punertanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
ölistä	olit ölissyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
kitistä	eivät kitisisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
ekstrusiivinen	ekstrusiivisetta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
helppotajuistaa	helppotajuistanee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
suomalaistua	en suomalaistuisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
kuolioitua	lienemme kuolioituneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
kohdentaa	eivät kohdentaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
puhuri	puhureitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
puukauppa	puukaupalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
rikoslaki	rikoslaein	N;INS;PL;finnish
perustavanlaatuinen	perustavanlaatuiset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
deklinoida	deklinoit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
kupsahtaa	kupsahtaisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
karaistua	karaistuisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
päihittää	olette päihittäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
konkurssiasiamies	konkurssiasiamiehineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
papattaa	papatettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
huipentua	en ollut huipentunut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
osanotto	osanotolta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
tuuhentaa	tuuhennettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
juurihoito	juurihoito	N;ACC;SG;finnish
shikoku	shikokuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
kopahtaa	kopahditte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
käpristää	et käpristäne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
sepeli	sepeleitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
puuska	puuskilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
yhtälöryhmä	yhtälöryhmät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
otsikoida	en liene otsikoinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
keljuttaa	oli keljutettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
pistoke	pistokkeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
isotella	isottelitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
ohjauspaneeli	ohjauspaneelina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
dysartria	dysartrialla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
krutongi	krutongeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
bushmanni	bushmannein	N;INS;PL;finnish
rampauttaa	emme rampauta	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
musertua	et olisi musertunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
seditellä	lienet seditellyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
pehmyt	pehmyisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
falklandilainen	falklandilaisen	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
suvereeni	suvereeneitta	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
käpertää	oli käperretty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
emetofilia	emetofilioilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
lapsenvahti	lapsenvahteja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
maskuliinimuoto	maskuliinimuodot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
skandeerata	ole skandeerannut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
akkumuloida	et olisi akkumuloinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
tertiili	tertiilissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
otsonointi	otsonoinnitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
katkeroitua	katkeroidumme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
asunnoton	asunnottomissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
rokahtua	rokahdut	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
liipaista	lienevät liipaisseet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
selkeämpi	selkeämmäksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
hymistä	ei hymisse	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
keikaroida	ei keikaroi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ohja	ohja	N;NOM;SG;finnish
pureskelu	pureskelua	N;PRT;SG;finnish
funtsia	ei funtsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
asparagiinihappo	asparagiinihapon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
humauttaa	humauttanee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
heiketä	heiketkäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
valjeta	valkenit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
vokaalisointu	vokaalisointuja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
lymytä	lymysit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
natustella	älkäämme olko natustelleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
asiakaslähtöinen	asiakaslähtöiset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
hammaskirurgia	hammaskirurgiassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
meteli	meteleillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
yllyttää	yllytämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
kaukopiste	kaukopisteissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
kronikoida	ette kronikoine	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
ilmasuoja	ilmasuojissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
sameutua	sameudutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
kolmiulotteisuus	kolmiulotteisuudelta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
käpälöidä	käpälöit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
ulkoilla	ette ulkoille	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
äidillinen	äidillisittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
kysyntä	kysynnässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
tenkkapoo	tenkkapoona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
masokismi	masokismeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
kuohunta	kuohunnatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
kalakastike	kalakastikkeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
elektrodynaaminen	elektrodynaamisesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
tehottaa	lienee tehotettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
lasimaisempi	lasimaisempaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
