assillare	assillavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
disidratarsi	mi disidraterò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
disturbare	disturberete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
conguagliare	conguagliando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ritrarre	ritraete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ribaltare	ribaltato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
segretare	segretassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
parafrasare	parafraseranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
notiziare	notizi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
insaccare	insaccò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
trivellare	trivellò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
abbonarsi	si abboneranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
contrarre	contraggano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
suddividersi	si suddividano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
allungare	allungeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
divertire	divertiremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
adonare	adonassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
concertarsi	mi concertavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
equipaggiare	equipaggiavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
sgusciare	sgusciava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
disvelare	disvelino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
emanare	emanare	V;NFIN;italian
spiccicare	spiccicavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
pugnalare	pugnalerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
frastagliare	frastagliavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
stentare	stentano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
omaggiare	omaggiammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
innalzare	innalzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ricostringere	ricostringano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ingiungere	ingiungeste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
confricare	confricherà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
sostanziare	sostanziasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
accecare	accecasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
insospettirsi	si insospettisse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ardere	arderò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
sputare	sputante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
sottoalimentare	sottoalimentammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
consumare	consumai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
staffilare	staffilerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
aggrumarsi	mi aggrumerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
decontestualizzare	decontestualizziate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
metodizzare	metodizzò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
riambientarsi	ci riambienteremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
trapungere	trapungiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
inspessire	inspessisse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
passivare	passivate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
copiarsi	ti copierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
sottogiacere	sottogiaciamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
sdolere	ridolessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
apocopare	apocopavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
risposarsi	vi risposiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sospettare	sospetterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
accotonare	accotoneremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
imbiancarsi	imbiancarsi	V;NFIN;italian
cartavetrare	cartavetri	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
listare	listate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
sciancarsi	ci sciancheremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
orientare	orienterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
fiondare	fiondino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
sommare	sommiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
accavallare	accavalleranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
inscrivere	inscrive	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
diligere	diligete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
rannuvolarsi	vi rannuvoliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
scalmanarsi	ti scalmanerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
mineralizzarsi	vi mineralizzate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
recludere	recluda	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
suffiggere	suffiggerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
preregistrare	preregistri	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
sovralimentare	sovralimenta	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
riaccomodarsi	si riaccomodi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
assortire	assortivamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
contraddire	contraddicevamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ricercare	ricercava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
numerizzare	numerizzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
educere	edotto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
contrappesare	contrappesando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
drizzarsi	si drizzino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
degnare	degniamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ritenere	riterrebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sprigionarsi	mi sprigioni	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
deindicizzare	deindicizzai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
spessire	spessisco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
risparmiare	risparmiereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
evidenziarsi	evidenziantesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ebere	ebevvero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
smaccare	smaccherete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
palleggiare	palleggiato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
damascare	damascheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
poeticizzare	poeticizzavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
necrosare	necrosò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
assetare	assetare	V;NFIN;italian
miagolare	miagolino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
rigirarsi	si rigirassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
cesellare	cesellare	V;NFIN;italian
lucrare	lucrato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
deodorare	deodorando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
rintascare	rintascammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
dispromettere	disprometta	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
parcellizzare	parcellizzeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
avvalorare	avvalorasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ritemprare	ritemprando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
stenografare	stenografate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
maschiettare	maschiettavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
osare	osi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
internare	interniate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
smonacarsi	si smonaca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
infiammarsi	ti infiammassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ingelosirsi	si ingelosisce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
accovarsi	ci accovassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ingranare	ingranare	V;NFIN;italian
argomentare	argomenterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
scontare	scontavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
stiracchiarsi	si stiracchino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
attivizzare	attivizzare	V;NFIN;italian
inzuccare	inzucchiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
riabituare	riabituo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ninnolare	ninnola	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
distrigare	distriga	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
framettere	frametterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
penalizzare	penalizzato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
tenersi	si tenga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
bulicare	bulicò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
rabuffare	rabuffino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
creare	creerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
riporre	riporrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
leggiucchiare	leggiucchiaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
anagrammare	anagrammante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
sommergere	sommergesse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
reinizializzare	reinizializzerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
biscottare	biscotterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ragguagliare	ragguaglieranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
griffare	griffassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
arriffare	arriffiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
scintillare	scintillavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
compiersi	si compieva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
replicare	replicheranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
inzeppare	inzeppaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
smontarsi	vi smontavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
alleggiare	alleggeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
scarrucolare	scarrucolerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
stabbiare	stabbiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
riemigrare	riemigreresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
leggicchiare	leggicchiavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
federalizzare	federalizzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
rientrare	rientriamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
sopire	sopisca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
molleggiarsi	molleggiati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
scornare	scorni	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
riaccasare	riaccasano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
accomodarsi	ci accomodammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
verniciare	verniciava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
inoltrare	inoltrino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
fiscaleggiare	fiscaleggia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
appropriare	appropriano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
sodisfare	sodisfacevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
prepararsi	vi prepariate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ripestare	ripestate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
asciare	asciasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
servire	servivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
discostare	discostereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
trasmigrare	trasmigravano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
narrare	narrava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
scapitare	scapitiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
sabbiare	sabbiare	V;NFIN;italian
scorticare	scorticato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ridestare	ridestate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
pigiare	pigiavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
nominare	nominano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
condensare	condenserai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
intrigare	intrighino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
rimettere	rimettono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
sganasciare	sganasciasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
opporsi	mi opporrò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ondulare	ondulasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
spalcare	spalchiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ghettizzare	ghettizzerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
muovere	moverò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
dissetare	dissetassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
adoperarsi	ci adopereremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
scomporsi	ci scomporremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
beneficiare	benefici	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
crearsi	si creò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
commensurare	commensurato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
risanarsi	ti risani	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
pasteggiare	pasteggiando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
compitare	compito	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
assidere	assideremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
attentare	attenterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
quantizzare	quantizzavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
collocarsi	mi collocherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
smallare	smallerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
attardare	attardasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
guidarsi	ci guidammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
sguarnire	sguarnireste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
sbattere	sbattente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
concretarsi	mi concreto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
levare	levammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
profumarsi	vi profumereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
incagliare	incaglia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
arrabattarsi	si arrabatti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
avvelare	avvelavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ospitare	ospiterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
origliare	origlierei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
accotonare	accotona	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
verniciare	verniciate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
giostrare	giostra	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
disdettare	disdetta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
cromare	cromammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
abbeverarsi	vi abbevererete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
arroncare	arronchiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
glassare	glassi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
adeguare	adeguavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
dispromettere	disprometteranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
santificare	santificavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
collettivizzare	collettivizzare	V;NFIN;italian
ladroneggiare	ladroneggiammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
annettersi	mi annessi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
martirizzarsi	vi martirizzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
braccare	braccaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
incistarsi	vi incistavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
abbacinarsi	si abbacinerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
energizzare	energizzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
rinviare	rinvia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
dogare	dogheranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
minimizzare	minimizzano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
autodenunciarsi	ci autodenunciamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
appaciare	appaciavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
impegolare	impegolato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
dilaniare	dilaniassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
sovrascrivere	sovrascriverei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
rincattivire	rincattivissimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
profilare	profilante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
rimborsare	rimborsino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
rincarare	rincarerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
focheggiare	focheggiassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
segnoreggiare	segnoreggiò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
mentirsi	ci mentimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
godere	godrete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
trasgredire	trasgredivate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
granulare	granulino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
sovvenzionare	sovvenzionino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
equiparare	equiparavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
decimare	decimeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
compendiare	compendierà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
vetrificare	vetrificai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
orientare	orienta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
acquietarsi	si acquietò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ripiovere	ripioveranno	V;COND;3;PL;italian
tamponare	tamponarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
telediffondere	telediffonderemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
sciupare	sciupa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
travalicare	travalichi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
imperniare	imperniereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
prodigarsi	si prodighino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
labbreggiare	labbreggerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
soggiungere	soggiungemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
marimettere	marimetterò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
intorpidire	intorpidire	V;NFIN;italian
scomporsi	vi scomponeste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
depenalizzare	depenalizzeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
maschiare	maschiò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
denominare	denominando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
inchiavardare	inchiavardando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
perpetuarsi	si perpetuavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
inchiodare	inchiodiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
sconfinare	sconfinate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
spezzarsi	spezzatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
rincorarsi	si rincorassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
formalizzarsi	ci formalizziamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
iterare	iterante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
sermoneggiare	sermoneggiasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
tramettere	tramettete	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
intagliare	intagli	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
abbriccare	abbricchino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
eliminare	elimini	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
perpetuarsi	si perpetui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
attingere	attingevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
fingersi	ci fingiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
innescarsi	ci innescavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
rincalcare	rincalcavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
frignare	frigna	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
smarrire	smarrisci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ricalcare	ricalcarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
spoppare	spoppa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
scrostarsi	mi scrosterò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
compostare	compostiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
immettere	immettesti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
atterzare	atterziate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ricalcificarsi	ti ricalcificherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
fumigare	fumigherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
corrucciarsi	si corruccino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
pignoleggiare	pignoleggia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
origliare	origliarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
staffilare	staffilate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
sdentare	sdenti	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
assodarsi	mi assoderò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
tramutarsi	vi tramutaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ragguagliare	ragguagliando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
lavare	lavi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
antologizzare	antologizzeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
marginalizzare	marginalizzasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
cariare	carierebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
strepitare	strepitare	V;NFIN;italian
bastire	bastiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
indurarsi	si indurerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
edificarsi	edificati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
causare	causerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
circonscrivere	circonscrivesse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
quagliare	quagliare	V;NFIN;italian
sfottersi	si sfotte	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
impastocchiare	impastocchiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
folleggiare	folleggerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
annunciarsi	si annuncino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
filarsela	filiamocela	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
intercambiare	intercambiavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
defogliare	defogliassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
morirsene	si morivano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
trasecolare	trasecolino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
troneggiare	troneggino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
affrancarsi	vi affrancate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
concedere	concedi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
alterarsi	alterandosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ghigliottinare	ghigliottinavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
giocolare	giocolavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
addensare	addensino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
riconquistare	riconquistando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
svillaneggiare	svillaneggerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
infreddolirsi	infreddolisciti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
disperarsi	disperato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
battibeccarsi	battibeccarsi	V;NFIN;italian
nudricare	nudricai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
opporre	oppongono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
rigonfiare	rigonfiavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
smallare	smallassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
terziarizzare	terziarizzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
rievocare	rievocherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ripresentarsi	si ripresentò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
sottrarre	sottrarrete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
nevrotizzarsi	ci nevrotizzammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
acciambellare	acciambellerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
grecizzare	grecizzavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
proscrivere	proscrissero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
alleare	alleiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
umiliare	umilierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
astrarsi	si astraessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
saziarsi	mi sazi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
risanare	risani	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
stizzire	stizzissimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
scolorare	scolorando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
smetterla	la smettevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
lucrare	lucravi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
inverniciare	inverniceranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
rinvenire	rinverrei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
criticarsi	ci criticavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
empire	empii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
pettinare	pettinino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
profetare	profetavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
incadaverire	incadaveriste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
incarognire	incarogniste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
uscirsene	te ne esci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
aggiungere	aggiungi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
complessificare	complessifichi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
scagionarsi	mi scagioni	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
appiastrare	appiastravo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
rapprendersi	ci rapprendiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
risolidificarsi	vi risolidificate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
inarcare	inarcarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
aggiuntare	aggiunta	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
configgere	configgeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
demilitarizzare	demilitarizzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
dilettarsi	dilettandosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
predominare	predomini	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
anglicizzarsi	si anglicizzerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
paralizzare	paralizzaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ritardare	ritardato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
invitarsi	ti inviti	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
vedersela	se la vedrebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
equivalere	equivarreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
accottimare	accottimo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
assalire	assale	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
osservare	osservi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
sbozzimare	sbozzimerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
rimare	rimeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
sanforizzare	sanforizzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
rispedire	rispediste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
completarsi	si completò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
filtrare	filtrate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
infatuare	infatuerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
asservire	asservirai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
trescare	trescherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
impepare	impepavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
liquefare	liquefaremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
inventarsi	si inventavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
sgozzare	sgozzasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
abbatacchiare	abbatacchiate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
mollarsi	si molli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
vocabolarizzare	vocabolarizzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
controbilanciare	controbilancia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
scorrazzare	scorrazzato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
chiamarsi	ti chiami	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
redimersi	mi redimerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
rirompere	rirompete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
santificare	santificherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
rimpicciolire	rimpicciolendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
autofinanziarsi	autofinanziantesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
aggrinzirsi	ci aggrinzimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
accreditare	accrediti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
sfogliare	sfoglieresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ridire	ridicano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
vanare	vanerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
istradare	istradassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
vetrinare	vetrinaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
sfarsi	si fecero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ridursi	ci ridurremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
abdurre	abduco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
maramaldeggiare	maramaldeggiare	V;NFIN;italian
scolorirsi	ci scolorissimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
discacciare	discacciavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
intercalare	intercalereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
spartirsi	si spartiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
deflemmare	deflemmavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ricospargere	ricospargerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
lagnarsi	ti lagni	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
rompere	rompe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
prosciugarsi	mi prosciughi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
annunziare	annunziasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
espargere	espargeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
incapricciarsi	ti incapricciavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
imbarcarsi	imbarcati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
imbastire	imbastiremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
riconvalidare	riconvalidate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
scongiurare	scongiurando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
abbindolare	abbindoliamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
schiodarsi	ti schiodassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
cloroformizzare	cloroformizzavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
rintanarsi	si rintanava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
vagabondeggiare	vagabondeggerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
farneticare	farneticaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
beffare	beffa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ninnolare	ninnolando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
sbattere	sbatta	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
soprascrivere	soprascriveste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
contrarre	contrarremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
inserire	inserivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
antologizzare	antologizza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
abituarsi	si abituavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
rifare	rifaresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
cliccare	clicchi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
mordicchiare	mordicchierà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ricamare	ricamate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
accreditare	accreditavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
riaccettare	riaccettiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ossequiare	ossequia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
rimbiancare	rimbiancheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
sciancare	scianchi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
sorbettare	sorbetta	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
irrugginire	irrugginisca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
soggiogare	soggiogherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
berciare	berciano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
rilegare	rileghino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
accalorire	accalorissi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
scempiare	scempiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
rincamminarsi	si rincammina	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
risoffiare	risoffiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
fingere	fingessimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
abbacinarsi	mi abbacinassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
rivolere	rivolessi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
vitalizzare	vitalizzammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
rabbuffare	rabbuffato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
appercepire	appercepiresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
incretinire	incretinissimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
sottoesporre	sottoesponga	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
assentarsi	ti assenteresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
allentarsi	si allentasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
escutere	escuta	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
inalveare	inalveante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
asserragliarsi	si asserragliano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
raccozzare	raccozzarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
attuarsi	si attuano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
rinverdirsi	si rinverdirono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
magnificare	magnificherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sbraciare	sbraceremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
dardeggiare	dardeggio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ammazzarsi	vi ammazzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
rimunerare	rimuneraste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
chiamarsi	vi chiamaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
rovinare	roviniamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
cartonare	cartonato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
abbottonare	abbottoniate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ovulare	ovulerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
riequipaggiare	riequipaggiate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
supplicare	supplichino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
guaire	guaiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
voltare	volterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
numerizzare	numerizzino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
premettere	premisero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
auscultare	auscultavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
stizzirsi	si stizzisca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
romanzare	romanzerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ricollocare	ricollocate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
spolettare	spoletterebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
spaginare	spaginasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
emulsionare	emulsionaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
raggirare	raggirerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
addossarsi	si addosserà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
disperarsi	vi disperaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
insaponarsi	si insaponerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
cronicizzarsi	vi cronicizzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
azzurrare	azzurrerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
superarsi	si superano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
innestare	innestasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
rodare	roderete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
moraleggiare	moraleggiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
scaturire	scaturiremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
twittare	twitta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ingerire	ingeriscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
semicingere	semicingete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
raffazzonare	raffazzonerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
preferire	preferivo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
endocitare	endocitavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
predefinire	predefinisca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
appannare	appannante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
estendersi	si estendessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
succidere	succidiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
rioccupare	rioccupato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
translitterare	translitterereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
specializzare	specializzerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
prevenire	prevenga	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
amare	amava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
interpretare	interpretassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
pargoleggiare	pargoleggiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sbucare	sbuchiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
reinvestire	reinvestiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ovariectomizzare	ovariectomizzate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
chiudersi	ti chiudevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
spergere	spergente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
normare	normerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ungersi	si ungano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
tonsurare	tonsuravi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
bacchiare	bacchieresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
svantaggiare	svantaggiassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
stravolgere	stravolgiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
rinvenire	rinveniste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
rimproverare	rimprovererà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
insorgere	insorsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
circoncidere	circoncidessi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
decorare	decorereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
tarpare	tarpi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
prendersela	me la presi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
individualizzare	individualizzassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ridersene	se ne riderebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
indottrinare	indottrinavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
comprendersi	si comprendevano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
litografare	litografavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
categorizzare	categorizzasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
sgranare	sgranassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
immischiarsi	vi immischiereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
guidare	guidò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
lambiccarsi	ci lambiccheremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ingoiare	ingoiarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
seguitare	seguitasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
festeggiare	festeggiato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
rilasciare	rilasci	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
spaurirsi	ti spauriresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
laurearsi	laureandosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
appagare	appaghi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
disassemblare	disassemblavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
sciabicare	sciabico	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
acconciare	acconciato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ammonticellare	ammonticellerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
assennare	assennasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
reclinarsi	ci reclineremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
bigiare	bigiavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
capponare	capponerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ristrutturare	ristrutturi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
barbugliare	barbuglio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
posizionarsi	vi posizionaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ricongiungersi	ti ricongiungi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
tonsurare	tonsureremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
eternarsi	vi eternereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
spiluccare	spiluccherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
metamorfosarsi	mi metamorfoso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
mascolinizzare	mascolinizziamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
tamburellare	tamburelleresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
dimettere	dimettendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
clivare	clivate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
sudare	sudiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
conformare	conformi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
gettarsi	gettiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
pulirsi	mi pula	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
cresimarsi	cresimarsi	V;NFIN;italian
avvitare	avviterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
abbassarsi	vi abbassereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
corrucciare	corruccerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
frinire	frinisci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
adiuvare	adiuveresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
germanizzare	germanizzasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
smattonare	smattonino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
potersi	si potevano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
eliminarsi	si eliminano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
impromettere	imprometti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
zampeggiare	zampeggiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
sublicenziare	sublicenzierei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
pervertire	pervertirei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
armonizzare	armonizzaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ripulire	ripulivano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ricostruire	ricostruiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
sfidare	sfideremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
sintetizzare	sintetizzai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
disingannare	disingannava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
inviluppare	inviluppiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
riaffiorare	riaffiorate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
controsterzare	controsterzavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
radiocomandare	radiocomanderebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
confessare	confessasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
mobilitarsi	ti mobilitasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
commendare	commenda	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
appassionarsi	ci appassionammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ossigenarsi	si ossigenava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
intrattenere	intratterresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ragionare	ragionava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
defosforare	defosforano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
inspessire	inspessiscano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
criticarsi	si criticassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
copiaincollare	copiaincolla	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
assortire	assortisca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
rompere	rompessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ricapitolare	ricapitolante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ruggire	ruggito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
suggestionare	suggestionano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
segnalare	segnalassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
affratellarsi	affratellato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
asservire	asservissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
gualcire	gualciate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
indurarsi	si indura	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
riclassificare	riclassificherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
dilagare	dilagavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
bollire	bollivano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
incrudire	incrudisca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
travisare	traviserebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
coobare	coobi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
scalettare	scalettavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
costumare	costumeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
teleradiotrasmettere	teleradiotrasmettevamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
traportare	traporterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
riassestare	riassestiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
luppolizzare	luppolizzerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
precedere	preceda	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ammalinconire	ammalinconisca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
sbarellare	sbarelli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
largire	largito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
rinfrangere	rinfrangiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
finalizzare	finalizzante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
solleticare	solleticate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
costipare	costipasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
denudare	denuderai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
sconnettere	sconnetti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
divertire	divertite	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ingobbirsi	vi ingobbite	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
tedescheggiare	tedescheggiate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
broccolare	broccolavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
smerdare	smerderemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
accanare	accanavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
versificare	versificavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
rinfrescarsi	ti rinfrescherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
slamare	slama	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
anteporre	anteponevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
accanalare	accanala	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
riplasmare	riplasmavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
rifirmare	rifirmi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
circonfulgere	circonfulse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
assuefarsi	mi assuefacevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
spezzarsi	spezziamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
deventare	devento	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
impromettere	imprometterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
presagire	presagisca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
rimaneggiare	rimaneggiarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ereditare	ereditò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
disaminare	disaminassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
barbicare	barbicherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ravvivare	ravvivare	V;NFIN;italian
ricoprire	ricoprisse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
accambiare	accambiassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
privare	privino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
consociarsi	consociamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
rievocare	rievocherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
sistemare	sistemerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
prepigmentare	prepigmentiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
traporre	traponiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
scuriosare	scurioserete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ballonzolare	ballonzoli	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
reclutare	reclutino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
imporre	imporranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
persuadere	persuadi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
accaneggiare	accaneggerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
sovraffaticarsi	si sovraffatichi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
zizzagare	zizzaghereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
adagiare	adagi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
giulebbare	giulebbarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
incerare	inceri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
funzionare	funzionate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
bindolare	bindolasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ridimensionarsi	ci ridimensioneremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
privare	priverebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sostentarsi	si sostenta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
stagliarsi	ci stagliavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
risvegliare	risvegli	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
sconfiggere	sconfiggemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
esborsare	esborsato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
rinforzare	rinforzeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
lussare	lussano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
intercalare	intercalavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
pregare	prega	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ringiovenire	ringioveniste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
gramolare	gramolano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
trasecolare	trasecoleremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
propagarsi	mi propagai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
inspessirsi	si inspessirebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
tagliuzzare	tagliuzzassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
beneficiare	beneficerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
stracannare	stracannino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
rimettere	rimettessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
accollarsi	mi accollavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
raggiustarsi	si raggiustino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
riguardarsi	si riguardasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
sincretizzare	sincretizziate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
spoliticizzare	spoliticizzano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
profilarsi	si profilava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
risospingere	risospingano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
adirarsi	mi adiro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
arenarsi	ti arenerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
spengersi	spengiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
fulminarsi	ti fulminasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ungere	ungerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
schiattare	schiattiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
raddolcirsi	ti raddolcivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
avvantaggiarsi	si avvantaggiasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
accomiatarsi	mi accomiati	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
avviluppare	avvilupperebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
trasfondere	trasfonda	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ricontrattare	ricontrattate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ripuntare	ripunti	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
gocciolare	goccioliamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
coibentare	coibentino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
soggettivizzare	soggettivizzai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
giungere	giunge	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
influire	influiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
cascolare	cascolammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
disacidire	disacidirebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
somigliarsi	ti somiglierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
rianimarsi	vi rianimaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
sbrancare	sbranchiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sgrossare	sgrossassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
imbiondire	imbiondiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
suggerirsi	ci suggerimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
dopare	dopaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
allietarsi	ci allietassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ritergere	ritergesse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
gravitare	gravitassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
attestare	attesta	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
adorare	adoriamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
avvinghiare	avvinghierei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
pulsare	pulsò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
revisionare	revisionerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
affliggere	affliggi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
corteggiare	corteggiare	V;NFIN;italian
sfornaciare	sfornacino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
intimorire	intimorite	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
rioccupare	rioccuparono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
attempare	attempate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ricettare	ricetterò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
coccolarsi	si coccolano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
riseminare	riseminarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
anticonoscere	anticonosceste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
costringersi	vi costringiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
frodare	frodassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
sopirsi	sopentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
agitarsi	si agitassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
affratellare	affratellassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
divenire	divenivo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
sghignazzare	sghignazzino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
insospettirsi	insospettentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
sputacchiare	sputacchiava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
spennellare	spennellerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
depauperarsi	ci depaupereremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
burlare	burlerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
massimare	massimeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
dosare	dosai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
largheggiare	largheggia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ricombinarsi	ricombinato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
derequisire	derequisiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
evoluire	evoluii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
intonare	intoni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
pomiciare	pomicerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
guaiolare	guaiolassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
screpolarsi	si screpolassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ingelosirsi	si ingelosivano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
rinarrare	rinarrerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
aggrommare	aggrommare	V;NFIN;italian
accostumarsi	accostumatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
intrattenere	intrattenete	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
bonderizzare	bonderizzavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
cozzare	cozziamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
percolare	percoli	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
prefiggersi	prefiggentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
binare	binarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ciondolare	ciondolo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
sovrastare	sovrastavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
temperare	temperi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
dogare	doghiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
frantumarsi	vi frantumerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
sporgere	sporga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
appuntare	appunteresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
domare	doma	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
meccanizzare	meccanizzeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
obbedire	obbedite	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
alcalinizzare	alcalinizzi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
onorarsi	si onori	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
incresparsi	si increspò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
rimungere	rimungiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
minuzzare	minuzzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
sottoalimentare	sottoalimentiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
solfonare	solfona	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
modanare	modanante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
disinnamorarsi	ti disinnamoreresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
sovrappopolare	sovrappopolate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
panneggiare	panneggiassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
rivoltare	rivoltano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
riedificare	riedificassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
mettere	metterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
alonare	alonerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
raggiungersi	ti raggiunga	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
antichizzare	antichizzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ripresentare	ripresenta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
moderarsi	vi moderaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
disilludere	disilludevano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
commentare	commenteresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
riattaccarsi	si riattaccasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
sputacchiare	sputacchiavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
disimpegnare	disimpegna	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
salamoiare	salamoino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ripopolarsi	si ripopolò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
mineralizzare	mineralizzavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
digrassare	digrassai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
asserire	asserisce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
cromare	cromando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
chinizzare	chinizzassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
francesizzare	francesizzereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
compiangere	compiangente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
rinsavire	rinsavisse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
dentellare	dentellava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
scantonare	scantonavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
infamare	infama	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
zoomare	zoomerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
supportare	supportavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
asciugarsi	ci asciugheremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
civettare	civetteremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
disconcludere	disconcludete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
cedrare	cedriamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ammonire	ammoniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
disconvenire	disconvenissero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
concettualizzare	concettualizziamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
sovesciare	sovesciassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
nudricare	nudrichi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
medicarsi	ci medichiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
rinterrogare	rinterroghiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
sconcertarsi	ci sconcertiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
agganciarsi	agganciantesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
elemosinare	elemosinato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
interconnettere	interconnetteresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
reinfettarsi	si reinfetterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
mussare	mussate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
atterrire	atterrisca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
esibire	esibiranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
dardeggiare	dardeggiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
disseminare	disseminavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
comprendersi	ti comprendevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
scanalare	scanalassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ribollire	ribollii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
rinvigorirsi	mi rinvigorii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
automotivarsi	vi automotiverete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
rateizzare	rateizzavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
massacrarsi	si massacrava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
annodicchiare	annodicchia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
sparacchiare	sparacchi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
scoprire	scoprireste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
alchimizzare	alchimizzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
scarseggiare	scarseggi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
travalicare	travalichiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ancorarsi	vi ancoriate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ingombrare	ingombrerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sguinzagliare	sguinzagli	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
intonacare	intonacasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
pregiudicare	pregiudichi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
riannunciare	riannunciammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
implodere	implosero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
opporsi	si opponeva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
laicizzare	laicizza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
compostare	composti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
infastidire	infastidiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
strabuzzare	strabuzzassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
esprimersi	si esprimono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
impataccare	impataccavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
trincerarsi	vi trincerereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
dischiudere	dischiudendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
allinearsi	si allineino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
pigiare	pigia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
trapiantare	trapianterò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
depolverizzare	depolverizzavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
tinteggiare	tinteggerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ravvedersi	ci ravvedremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
redarguire	redarguire	V;NFIN;italian
cateterizzare	cateterizzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
depolimerizzarsi	ti depolimerizzasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
issare	isserai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
arrischiare	arrischierebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ammantellare	ammantelli	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
intervallare	intervallassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
vantaggiare	vantaggerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
perdersi	vi perdeste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
orizzontarsi	ci orizzontavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
navicare	navichiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
cospargersi	cosparso	V.PTCP;PST;italian
sparpagliare	sparpaglieremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
specializzare	specializzaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
acquisire	acquisirei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
educere	educiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
occludere	occludete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
collimare	collimi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
addimandare	addimandavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
allidere	allidesse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ammatassare	ammatasserei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
volatilizzare	volatilizziamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
sorbirsi	ti sorbirai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ricevere	ricevendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
chiudere	chiudeste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
eterificare	eterificherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
fustigare	fustigherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
soffregare	soffregherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
affoltare	affoltavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ponzare	ponzeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
spergere	spergevamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
laconizzare	laconizzerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
allacciarsi	mi allacciassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
stempiarsi	si stempiava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
presidiare	presidierà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
abbaruffare	abbaruffato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
inscrivere	inscrivesti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
illudere	illudevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
disanimarsi	mi disanimai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
trimestralizzare	trimestralizzerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
sbucare	sbucarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
risuscitare	risuscitereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
escire	esce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
adagiare	adagerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
rinculare	rinculando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
accoppiare	accoppino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
appiastrare	appiastrava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
cernere	cernessimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
canonizzare	canonizzerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
caricaturizzare	caricaturizzerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
acchiudere	acchiudano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
inturgidirsi	mi inturgidirò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
desalare	desalassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
poggiare	poggiato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
assoldare	assoldi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
metaforizzare	metaforizzando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
vedovare	vedovò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
trottolare	trottolassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
incolpare	incolpate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
rimediare	rimediaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
beccare	becchino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
manifestarsi	mi manifestai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
infiammare	infiammerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
rinfittirsi	ci rinfittiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
travisare	travisassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
sottodividere	sottodividessimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
adorare	adorassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
conglutinare	conglutinammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
bere	bevevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
tergere	tergevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
manifatturare	manifatturerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ingigantire	ingigantivano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
mercanteggiare	mercanteggiavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
sovrastampare	sovrastampi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
vaticinare	vaticinassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
armarsi	ti armi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
adulterare	adulteri	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
incappucciarsi	si incappuccerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
stufarsi	mi stufassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
disormeggiare	disormeggino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
riarrangiare	riarrangiavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
insaporirsi	ci insaporissimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
sopire	sopivate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
fiscalizzare	fiscalizzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
disanimarsi	si disanimerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
smagliare	smaglio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
indagare	indagheremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ossidare	ossideremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
