slovākiskais	slovākiskajos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
sacepties	nesacepties	V;NFIN;NEG;latvian
draiskulīgākais	draiskulīgāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
nedusēšana	nedusēšana	N;NOM;SG;latvian
matracis	matraci	N;ACC;SG;latvian
spīdīgs	spīdīga	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
viszemākais	viszemākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
visietekmīgākais	visietekmīgākās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
vēsture	vēsture	N;NOM;SG;latvian
rožains	rožainu	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
starptautiskākais	starptautiskākajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
pillākais	pillāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
vingrāks	vingrākām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
žvīkstēt	jāžvīkstot	V;LGSPEC2;LgSPEC8;latvian
vainīgums	vainīgumu	N;INST;SG;latvian
slapjais	slapjās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
amorfākais	amorfāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
neīgt	neīgāt	V;2;PL;PST;IND;latvian
musons	musonā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
zeltnesis	zeltnesis	N;NOM;SG;latvian
sīriskāks	sīriskākā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
neaut	neāvāt	V;2;PL;PST;IND;latvian
mist	lai mīt	V;3;SG;IMP;latvian
nedrīkstēt	nedrīkstat	V;2;PL;PRS;IND;latvian
plēst	plēsīšu	V;1;SG;FUT;IND;latvian
garāks	garākam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
teoloģisks	teoloģiskām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
sekls	seklu	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
kustīgāks	kustīgāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
bahreinietis	bahreinieti	N;ACC;SG;latvian
grūtais	grūtās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
melošana	melošanai	N;DAT;SG;latvian
bioloģiskākais	bioloģiskākā	ADJ;LOC;SG;FEM;latvian
nemaksāšana	nemaksāšanu	N;INST;SG;latvian
mongoliskais	mongoliskajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
niknākais	niknākajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
varavīksne	varavīkšņu	N;GEN;PL;latvian
kamanas	kamanu	N;GEN;PL;latvian
foršākais	foršākajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
komfortablākais	komfortablākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
pillais	pillajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
tautiskākais	tautiskākajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
polārais lācis	polārajiem lāčiem	N;DAT;PL;latvian
indoeiropiete	indoeiropietē	N;LOC;SG;latvian
melnais mežastrazds	melnais mežastrazd	N;VOC;SG;latvian
seksuālāks	seksuālākiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
visstingākais	visstingākās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
celis	celim	N;DAT;SG;latvian
kungs	kungu	N;GEN;PL;latvian
teicamāks	teicamāka	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
mazturīgākais	mazturīgākajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
necentralizēt	nebūt jācentralizē	V;LGSPEC2;IND;latvian
mildronāts	mildronātu	N;INST;SG;latvian
nazāls	nazālas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
afgānis	afgāņus	N;ACC;PL;latvian
negludāks	negludākām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
raudināšana	raudināšanas	N;GEN;SG;latvian
lavis	lavi	N;ACC;SG;latvian
viskorejiskākais	viskorejiskākie	ADJ;LOC;PL;MASC;latvian
brīvāks	brīvākiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
turkmēnisks	turkmēniskā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
neapspriest	neapspriedām	V;1;PL;PST;IND;latvian
rudmatainākais	rudmatainākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
caurspīdīgums	caurspīdīgumam	N;DAT;SG;latvian
tipisks	tipiskām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
neparastāks	neparastākās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
dāsnākais	dāsnākās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
nedzirdīgāks	nedzirdīgākiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
aizstāvēt	aizstāvēšana	V;V.MSDR;latvian
sinonīmija	sinonīmiju	N;GEN;PL;latvian
paslēpt	paslēpšu	V;1;SG;FUT;IND;latvian
sāts	sāta	N;GEN;SG;latvian
hurma	hurmu	N;GEN;PL;latvian
dregnais	dregnās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
cilvēciskāks	cilvēciskāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
moskīts	moskītos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
vissirmmatainākais	vissirmmataināko	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
nepiemirst	nepiemirsti	V;2;SG;IMP;latvian
jautrāks	jautrākām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
mehāniskais	mehāniskos	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
mīļais	mīļajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
dārgais	dārgais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
simboliskais	simboliskie	ADJ;LOC;PL;MASC;latvian
dzimumdziedzeris	dzimumdziedzeri	N;VOC;PL;latvian
paija	paijas	N;NOM;PL;latvian
rupja vīle	rupjā vīlē	N;LOC;SG;latvian
cītīgāks	cītīgākām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
sarkanākais	sarkanākais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
dārzkopis	dārzkopjiem	N;INST;PL;latvian
laimīgais	laimīgajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
veselīgākais	veselīgākās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
pakaļa	pakaļas	N;NOM;PL;latvian
kustēties	kustēsities	V;2;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
neapart	neapars	V;3;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
upene	upenes	N;GEN;SG;latvian
netīrais	netīros	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
ģeogrāfiskākais	ģeogrāfiskākajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
rieties	rejas	V;3;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
visnebēdnīgākais	visnebēdnīgākā	ADJ;LOC;SG;FEM;latvian
ielasmeita	ielasmeitu	N;ACC;SG;latvian
ļauns	ļaunas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
bruņurupucis	bruņurupucī	N;LOC;SG;latvian
visskaidrākais	visskaidrākajā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
nemežģīt	nemežģījot	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC5;latvian
vērtīgs	vērtīgu	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
īgnāks	īgnākos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
izraēliskākais	izraēliskāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
viesmīlīgākais	viesmīlīgākā	ADJ;LOC;SG;FEM;latvian
mājasmāte	mājasmātēm	N;DAT;PL;latvian
nedancināt	nedancinām	V;1;PL;PRS;IND;latvian
velniņš	velniņos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
būt	būts	V;V.PTCP;PST;PASS;latvian
purvainākais	purvaināko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
uzdot	uzdošot	V;LGSPEC1;FUT;latvian
zīmulis	zīmuļiem	N;INST;PL;latvian
pareizums	pareizumā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
fizika	fiziku	N;INST;SG;latvian
racionālistisks	racionālistiskus	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
lūsis	lūšiem	N;DAT;PL;latvian
tagadējais	tagadējiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
strēla	strēlas	N;VOC;PL;latvian
visracionālākais	visracionālākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
rupjš	rupju	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
zemais	zemo	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
klaudzis	klaudžiem	N;DAT;PL;latvian
nešūt	nešujot	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC5;latvian
stiept	stiepj	V;2;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
vājprātīgais	vājprātīgajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
mākoņaināks	mākoņainākas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
lipnais	lipno	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
plašākais	plašākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
ģermāniskais	ģermāniskajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
zīdināt	zīdinošs	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC3;latvian
telefoniskais	telefoniskajā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
vissenākais	vissenākajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
dzeltenais	dzelteno	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
klausītājs	klausītājos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
etniskais	etniskās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
just	nejust	V;NFIN;NEG;latvian
imbecilāks	imbecilāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
dzirdīgāks	dzirdīgākas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
upe	upē	N;LOC;SG;latvian
dumjais	dumjos	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
beļģis	beļģa	N;GEN;SG;latvian
jura	juras	N;GEN;SG;latvian
reģistratore	reģistratoru	N;GEN;PL;latvian
nespēt	nespējis	V;V.PTCP;PST;ACT;latvian
dziesma	dziesma	N;NOM;SG;latvian
visresnākais	visresnākajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
morāls	morālās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
karstais	karstā	ADJ;LOC;SG;FEM;latvian
slovaks	slovakus	N;ACC;PL;latvian
ražošana	ražošanai	N;DAT;SG;latvian
klāt	klājams	V;V.PTCP;PRS;PASS;latvian
blondīne	blondīne	N;NOM;SG;latvian
puisis	puisim	N;DAT;SG;latvian
visvājākais	visvājākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
redzoklis	redzokļi	N;VOC;PL;latvian
somiskais	somiskajos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
arums	arums	N;NOM;SG;latvian
cūška	cūškai	N;DAT;SG;latvian
neraudināt	neraudināšana	V;V.MSDR;latvian
vannas istaba	vannas istaba	N;VOC;SG;latvian
brūnīgākais	brūnīgāko	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
dobāks	dobākā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
evolūcija	evolūciju	N;ACC;SG;latvian
dārgāks	dārgākā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
jocīgais	jocīgo	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
pirmdiena	pirmdiena	N;NOM;SG;latvian
vingrākais	vingrākajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
cīpsla	cīpslas	N;NOM;PL;latvian
neuzdoties	neuzdotos	V;COND;PRS;latvian
veids	veidos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
opera	operā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
brūnais	brūno	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
baltkrieviskāks	baltkrieviskākus	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
sirmais	sirmā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
kanādiskākais	kanādiskākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
karot	būt jākaro	V;LGSPEC2;IND;latvian
aorta	aortas	N;VOC;PL;latvian
nezīdināt	neesot jāzīdina	V;LGSPEC2;LGSPEC7;latvian
rožaināks	rožainākā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
salnākais	salnākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
ķeksis	ķeksi	N;ACC;SG;latvian
vissportiskākais	vissportiskākajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
netīrākais	netīrākajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
klavieres	klavieres	N;VOC;PL;latvian
nevienot	nevienots	V;V.PTCP;PST;PASS;latvian
lidot	lidojam	V;1;PL;PRS;IND;latvian
polonijs	poloniju	N;INST;SG;latvian
zivs	zivīm	N;DAT;PL;latvian
dumjums	dumjuma	N;GEN;SG;latvian
cilvēcīgākais	cilvēcīgāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
kursls	kurslas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
viesmīlīgāks	viesmīlīgāku	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
nevainīgais	nevainīgajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
humānistiskāks	humānistiskākus	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
sila strazds	sila strazd	N;VOC;SG;latvian
raksturojums	raksturojumiem	N;INST;PL;latvian
demokratizēt	demokratizējam	V;1;PL;PRS;IND;latvian
socioloģiskākais	socioloģiskāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
prometijs	prometijā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
aborts	abortā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
ticamākais	ticamāko	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
abstraktais	abstraktās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
nespodrākais	nespodrāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
tvaiks	tvaikiem	N;DAT;PL;latvian
apcept	apceps	V;3;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
humānistiskais	humānistiskajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
zobu suka	zobu sukām	N;DAT;PL;latvian
iracionālais	iracionālā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
īpašais	īpašo	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
draiskulīgais	draiskulīgā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
ģeoloģiskais	ģeoloģisko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
lēkšana	lēkšanu	N;INST;SG;latvian
nestigt	nestigāt	V;2;PL;PST;IND;latvian
graudzāle	graudzāles	N;GEN;SG;latvian
ķeltiskākais	ķeltiskākajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
visretākais	visretākās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
staigņākais	staigņākās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
ūdeņains	ūdeņainas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
ļaut	ļauj	V;3;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
apmaiņa	apmaiņas	N;GEN;SG;latvian
asteroīds	asteroīd	N;VOC;SG;latvian
šķīsts	šķīstu	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
alēle	alēles	N;NOM;PL;latvian
neapspriest	neapspriežam	V;1;PL;PRS;IND;latvian
smilšainākais	smilšainākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
neiet	neiet	V;3;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
tīt	tīsim	V;1;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
vissidrabainākais	vissidrabainākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
darbīgākais	darbīgāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
augļkopis	augļkopi	N;VOC;SG;latvian
ķīniskākais	ķīniskākos	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
skandināviskākais	skandināviskākajā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
negriezt	negriezīs	V;3;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
lietotājs	lietotāju	N;INST;SG;latvian
visarktiskākais	visarktiskākais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
ubadze	ubadzēs	N;LOC;PL;latvian
ontoloģiskais	ontoloģiskajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
pele	pele	N;VOC;SG;latvian
rozīgs	rozīgu	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
čeklākais	čeklāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
afrikāniskais	afrikāniskajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
doties	devos	V;1;SG;PST;IND;latvian
neatvērt	neatvēris	V;V.PTCP;PST;ACT;latvian
blāvais	blāvos	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
pieart	lai piear	V;3;PL;IMP;latvian
senāks	senākā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
gludums	gludum	N;VOC;SG;latvian
parīts	parītiem	N;INST;PL;latvian
viscaurredzamākais	viscaurredzamākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
tārps	tārp	N;VOC;SG;latvian
ministrs	ministrus	N;ACC;PL;latvian
iezaļganāks	iezaļganākā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
nebēdnieks	nebēdniekos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
naksnīgais	naksnīgo	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
skrāpvīle	skrāpvīļu	N;GEN;PL;latvian
egļu mūķene	egļu mūķene	N;VOC;SG;latvian
topogrāfisks	topogrāfisku	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
vistoksiskākais	vistoksiskākajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
rudāks	rudāku	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
pavēlnieks	pavēlnieki	N;NOM;PL;latvian
biedrene	biedrenēm	N;INST;PL;latvian
lūgt	lai lūdz	V;3;SG;IMP;latvian
visvajadzīgākais	visvajadzīgākais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
vienošana	vienošanās	N;LOC;PL;latvian
ātrais	ātrās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
necentralizēt	necentralizējiet	V;2;PL;IMP;latvian
piederēt	piederēju	V;1;SG;PST;IND;latvian
turku valoda	turku valoda	N;NOM;SG;latvian
mest	mest	V;NFIN;latvian
viskatalāniskākais	viskatalāniskākajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
aizmirsība	aizmirsību	N;ACC;SG;latvian
sist	sitošs	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC3;latvian
slaids	slaidām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
augstāks	augstākiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
etnogrāfiskais	etnogrāfisko	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
tajs	tajs	N;NOM;SG;latvian
iesirmais	iesirmās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
nestāstīt	nestāstīts	V;V.PTCP;PST;PASS;latvian
dievišķīgais	dievišķīgajos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
slava	slava	N;VOC;SG;latvian
irāniete	irānietei	N;DAT;SG;latvian
parītdiena	parītdienām	N;DAT;PL;latvian
arābiskākais	arābiskāko	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
dievišķāks	dievišķākās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
liekt	liekt	V;NFIN;latvian
pīt	pinu	V;1;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
argāns	argāniem	N;DAT;PL;latvian
sakas	sakas	N;ACC;PL;latvian
garākais	garākajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
baltākais	baltākie	ADJ;LOC;PL;MASC;latvian
speķis	speķi	N;NOM;PL;latvian
šķīstākais	šķīstākajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
balss saite	balss saitē	N;LOC;SG;latvian
viscietākais	viscietāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
zooloģe	zooloģē	N;LOC;SG;latvian
iedzert	iedzerat	V;2;PL;PRS;IND;latvian
psihiatrija	psihiatrijas	N;NOM;PL;latvian
slimīgāks	slimīgākos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
musons	musonos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
bioloģiskais	bioloģiskajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
pateicīgais	pateicīgajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
sirdsapziņa	sirdsapziņa	N;VOC;SG;latvian
visnormālākais	visnormālākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
vissociālākais	vissociālākajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
vakarējs	vakarēja	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
sarkanīgākais	sarkanīgāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
fizioloģisks	fizioloģiskām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
šveicisks	šveiciskiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
pilsonība	pilsonības	N;VOC;PL;latvian
rezultatīvais	rezultatīvā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
dīvaināks	dīvainākas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
prieka	prieku	N;INST;SG;latvian
arābiskāks	arābiskākus	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
vājdzirdīgais	vājdzirdīgo	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
lētāks	lētākiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
draiskulīgākais	draiskulīgākajā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
miklākais	miklākie	ADJ;LOC;PL;MASC;latvian
īstenais	īstenajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
gatavot	gatavo	V;3;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
draiskulīgāks	draiskulīgākām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
slaikāks	slaikākiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
prazeodīms	prazeodīmu	N;ACC;SG;latvian
vismīļākais	vismīļākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
britiskāks	britiskākiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
visēģiptiskākais	visēģiptiskākie	ADJ;LOC;PL;MASC;latvian
stara	staras	N;VOC;PL;latvian
aktīvākais	aktīvākais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
slidens	slidenus	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
iezilganais	iezilganās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
ālants	ālanti	N;NOM;PL;latvian
ziemot	ziemoja	V;3;PL;PST;IND;latvian
iepelēks	iepelēku	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
dievināt	dievināja	V;3;SG;PST;IND;latvian
skaistāks	skaistāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
priesterība	priesterībā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
biedrs	biedriem	N;INST;PL;latvian
rinda	rindām	N;DAT;PL;latvian
visbezrūpīgākais	visbezrūpīgākajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
rēzeknietis	rēzeknieti	N;ACC;SG;latvian
visnorvēģiskākais	visnorvēģiskākajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
aizart	aizara	V;3;PL;PST;IND;latvian
pillākais	pillāko	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
paslēpt	būtu paslēpis	V;COND;PST;latvian
dārgais	dārgās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
neskūpstīt	neskūpsti	V;2;SG;IMP;latvian
necaurspīdīgais	necaurspīdīgo	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
nejautāšana	nejautāšanu	N;ACC;SG;latvian
neklepot	neklepoju	V;1;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
lepnākais	lepnākajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
spējākais	spējāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
demokrāte	demokrāti	N;ACC;SG;latvian
bezjēdzīgāks	bezjēdzīgākā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
viscensīgākais	viscensīgāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
ātrākais	ātrākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
piearšana	piearšanas	N;GEN;SG;latvian
vissirmākais	vissirmākās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
etnogrāfiskais	etnogrāfiskajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
vēsturiskākais	vēsturiskākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
aziāte	aziātes	N;NOM;PL;latvian
spāniskākais	spāniskākie	ADJ;LOC;PL;MASC;latvian
botānika	botānikā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
pilnīgais	pilnīgais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
visrožainākais	visrožainākajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
betons	betonam	N;DAT;SG;latvian
visdumjākais	visdumjākajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
krevele	krevelei	N;DAT;SG;latvian
klasifikācija	klasifikācijās	N;LOC;PL;latvian
slaids	slaidām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
platākais	platākajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
spriest	spriediet	V;2;PL;IMP;latvian
eksistēt	eksistēji	V;2;SG;PST;IND;latvian
virsis	virsi	N;VOC;SG;latvian
norvēģiete	norvēģiešu	N;GEN;PL;latvian
skaļums	skaļumu	N;INST;SG;latvian
aziātiskāks	aziātiskāka	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
toksiskums	toksiskuma	N;GEN;SG;latvian
nenazalizēt	nenazalizēdams	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC4;latvian
visbiezākais	visbiezāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
darbs	darbi	N;NOM;PL;latvian
nesauļoties	nesauļojies	V;2;SG;PST;IND;latvian
svešāds	svešādu	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
pīlādzis	pīlādža	N;GEN;SG;latvian
valodīgāks	valodīgākas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
netīrs	netīriem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
disprozijs	disprozijam	N;DAT;SG;latvian
sportiskais	sportiskais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
nabadzināt	nabadzināji	V;2;SG;PST;IND;latvian
atrast	atrast	V;NFIN;latvian
rūgts	rūgtā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
adīšana	adīšana	N;VOC;SG;latvian
lipīgs	lipīgās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
grūsnējais	grūsnējajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
uzcept	lai uzcep	V;3;SG;IMP;latvian
miegainais	miegainajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
irākiskāks	irākiskākām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
zāģēt	zāģējot	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC5;latvian
uzbekiskais	uzbekisko	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
vismīļākais	vismīļākās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
maķedoniete	maķedonietes	N;GEN;SG;latvian
tece	tecēm	N;DAT;PL;latvian
pilsēta	pilsētām	N;INST;PL;latvian
oranžīgāks	oranžīgākām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
ķeizariskais	ķeizariskajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
iedarbīgs	iedarbīgās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
visindīgākais	visindīgākais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
slinkākais	slinkākajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
sauļošanās	sauļošanās	N;ACC;PL;latvian
plakstiņš	plakstiņi	N;VOC;PL;latvian
nepareizākais	nepareizākā	ADJ;LOC;SG;FEM;latvian
neprātīgāks	neprātīgākā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
mīlīgāks	mīlīgākos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
psihiatriskais	psihiatriskajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
visaizmirsīgākais	visaizmirsīgāko	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
imbecilais	imbecilo	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
ireālāks	ireālākiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
skart	skarot	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC5;latvian
neizart	neizarsim	V;1;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
slāviskāks	slāviskāka	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
sniegainākais	sniegainākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
īriskāks	īriskākas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
pavēlnieciskākais	pavēlnieciskāko	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
nepaslēpt	nepaslēpjošs	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC3;latvian
mazturīgais	mazturīgo	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
nevingrināt	nevingrināts	V;V.PTCP;PST;PASS;latvian
nāvīgs	nāvīgas	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
neskābt	neskābsi	V;2;SG;FUT;IND;latvian
necaurspīdīgs	necaurspīdīgus	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
akadēmiskais	akadēmiskajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
veikalnieciskais	veikalnieciskā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
mikstais	miksto	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
adīt	adiet	V;2;PL;IMP;latvian
glītākais	glītākajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
norvēģis	norvēģi	N;NOM;PL;latvian
ilgāks	ilgākiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
efekts	efekts	N;NOM;SG;latvian
brūnums	brūnuma	N;GEN;SG;latvian
elektromagnētisms	elektromagnētisma	N;GEN;SG;latvian
neražošana	neražošanā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
redzēšana	redzēšanas	N;GEN;SG;latvian
vērtīgais	vērtīgā	ADJ;LOC;SG;FEM;latvian
simboliskāks	simboliskāka	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
pediņš	pediņos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
amerikāniskākais	amerikāniskākā	ADJ;LOC;SG;FEM;latvian
neparastais	neparasto	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
ķeizariskākais	ķeizariskākais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
rumānisks	rumāniskām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
matemātiskais	matemātiskajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
nesauļot	lai nesauļo	V;3;PL;IMP;latvian
tuvāks	tuvākos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
riktīgāks	riktīgākiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
nepeldēšana	nepeldēšanā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
teika	teikas	N;ACC;PL;latvian
lingvistiskais	lingvistiskajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
miesīgāks	miesīgāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
vest	vedot	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC5;latvian
redzīgais	redzīgajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
paleontoloģe	paleontoloģes	N;VOC;PL;latvian
apātiskāks	apātiskākas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
kopa	kopai	N;DAT;SG;latvian
antarktiskais	antarktiskajā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
keda	keda	N;VOC;SG;latvian
spēcīgums	spēcīgumu	N;ACC;SG;latvian
epistemoloģija	epistemoloģiju	N;ACC;SG;latvian
visbagātākais	visbagātākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
rozīgais	rozīgajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
dienēt	dienētu	V;COND;PRS;latvian
šūt	šujot	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC5;latvian
resnāks	resnāku	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
bokss	boks	N;VOC;SG;latvian
jēdzīgais	jēdzīgajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
instruments	instrumenti	N;VOC;PL;latvian
katalāniskāks	katalāniskākai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
centrāle	centrāli	N;ACC;SG;latvian
ašāks	ašāka	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
ziemot	ziemosit	V;2;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
dziļākais	dziļākās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
garšīgāks	garšīgākās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
teicamais	teicamajos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
braukt	braukšot	V;LGSPEC1;FUT;latvian
dumais	dumās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
uts	utis	N;VOC;PL;latvian
spīdīgs	spīdīgu	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
visportugāliskākais	visportugāliskāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
īpašais	īpašajā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
varēt	varošs	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC3;latvian
rumāniskākais	rumāniskākajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
visbālākais	visbālākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
modinātājpulkstenis	modinātājpulksteņiem	N;DAT;PL;latvian
necepināt	necepinājis	V;V.PTCP;PST;ACT;latvian
laukakmens	laukakmeņos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
dzirkles	dzirklēs	N;LOC;PL;latvian
etnogrāfiskākais	etnogrāfiskākajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
rūpēt	rūpē	V;2;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
holandiskais	holandiskajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
garlaicīgums	garlaicīgumam	N;DAT;SG;latvian
likumīgāks	likumīgākus	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
īslandiskais	īslandiskajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
nekurināt	nekurinās	V;3;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
trūcīgs	trūcīga	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
demokrātiskais	demokrātiskā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
lapsēns	lapsēnam	N;DAT;SG;latvian
mikstākais	mikstāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
realizējums	realizējumus	N;ACC;PL;latvian
vismiklākais	vismiklāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
nezagt	nebūt jāzog	V;LGSPEC2;IND;latvian
rakstisks	rakstisku	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
stāstnieks	stāstniek	N;VOC;SG;latvian
velsiete	velsietes	N;NOM;PL;latvian
viskreisākais	viskreisākā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
jautrais	jautrajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
nacionālāks	nacionālāku	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
filozofe	filozofe	N;VOC;SG;latvian
gādāt	gādā	V;3;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
iemelnākais	iemelnākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
mehāniķis	mehāniķu	N;GEN;PL;latvian
dārgākais	dārgākais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
trulais	trulo	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
šķērst	šķēržams	V;V.PTCP;PRS;PASS;latvian
meteņu mēnesis	meteņu mēnesim	N;DAT;SG;latvian
students	studentu	N;ACC;SG;latvian
lielainais	lielainos	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
ķērpis	ķērpjiem	N;DAT;PL;latvian
maltiskāks	maltiskāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
dzert	dzērām	V;1;PL;PST;IND;latvian
tumšmate	tumšmate	N;VOC;SG;latvian
mazināt	mazinādams	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC4;latvian
blīvāks	blīvākiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
aplikt	aplika	V;3;SG;PST;IND;latvian
dzīvžogs	dzīvžogiem	N;INST;PL;latvian
konstatēt	esot konstatējis	V;LGSPEC1;PST;latvian
austriskais	austriskajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
spēcīgākais	spēcīgāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
moldāvisks	moldāviskas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
auss	auss	N;NOM;SG;latvian
talantīgs	talantīgām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
visšveiciskākais	visšveiciskāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
neseksualizēšana	neseksualizēšanu	N;INST;SG;latvian
arābiskāks	arābiskāku	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
pilnais	pilno	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
pārcepšanās	pārcepšanās	N;GEN;SG;latvian
vannot	vannojam	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC6;latvian
nevārīt	nevārītu	V;COND;PRS;latvian
blāvāks	blāvāku	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
visraksturīgākais	visraksturīgākajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
visarktiskākais	visarktiskākās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
logaritms	logaritmu	N;ACC;SG;latvian
mīļākais	mīļākajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
rakt	raksim	V;1;PL;IMP;latvian
erotiskāks	erotiskākam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
zaudēt	zaudēju	V;1;SG;PST;IND;latvian
visfotogrāfiskākais	visfotogrāfiskāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
nepiederēt	nebūtu piederējis	V;COND;PST;latvian
lielāks	lielāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
telefons	telefonu	N;ACC;SG;latvian
krāšņākais	krāšņāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
augļkopis	augļkopjos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
visspējākais	visspējākie	ADJ;LOC;PL;MASC;latvian
nezīdīt	nezīdīju	V;1;SG;PST;IND;latvian
īstenot	īsteno	V;2;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
neapcepties	nebūt jāapcepas	V;LGSPEC2;IND;latvian
neneitralizēt	lai neneitralizē	V;3;PL;IMP;latvian
vieglais	vieglajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
racionāls	racionālai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
veselīgs	veselīgas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
ēdiens	ēdien	N;VOC;SG;latvian
svainiene	svainienei	N;DAT;SG;latvian
centrists	centristi	N;VOC;PL;latvian
kraliņš	kraliņi	N;NOM;PL;latvian
izskatīties	izskatieties	V;2;PL;IMP;latvian
mezglainākais	mezglainākās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
morāls	morālā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
ortogrāfiskais	ortogrāfisko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
slidenums	slidenumā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
cariskākais	cariskāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
aziātiskais	aziātiskais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
visturīgākais	visturīgākajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
drošākais	drošākais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
viseksistenciālistiskākais	viseksistenciālistiskākajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
taijiskais	taijiskās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
necepināt	necepināms	V;V.PTCP;PRS;PASS;latvian
visungāriskākais	visungāriskākā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
valis	vali	N;INST;SG;latvian
iespēt	iespējat	V;2;PL;PRS;IND;latvian
nabadzīgais	nabadzīgajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
rumāniskākais	rumāniskākos	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
ašāks	ašāku	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
oranžāks	oranžākos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
līt	līstat	V;2;PL;PRS;IND;latvian
necaurredzamāks	necaurredzamākiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
nevainīgāks	nevainīgākām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
karavīrs	karavīram	N;DAT;SG;latvian
vēss	vēsu	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
viszaglīgākais	viszaglīgākā	ADJ;LOC;SG;FEM;latvian
rādītājs	rādītājā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
lietainākais	lietainākajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
vismiglainākais	vismiglaināko	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
ziepjains	ziepjainu	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
vilku mēnesis	vilku mēnesi	N;INST;SG;latvian
nezināt	nezinu	V;1;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
īstens	īstenam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
jautāt	jautātu	V;COND;PRS;latvian
skatīt	skata	V;3;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
slidāks	slidāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
raža	ražām	N;INST;PL;latvian
nepārcepties	nepārcepšoties	V;LGSPEC1;FUT;latvian
visdebilākais	visdebilākās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
virsus	virsi	N;NOM;PL;latvian
eksistēšana	eksistēšanai	N;DAT;SG;latvian
saulainākais	saulaināko	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
nedejošana	nedejošanas	N;GEN;SG;latvian
tievums	tievumu	N;INST;SG;latvian
kucēns	kucēniem	N;INST;PL;latvian
čeklāks	čeklāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
nedarīšana	nedarīšanai	N;DAT;SG;latvian
būtiskākais	būtiskākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
vienot	vieno	V;3;PL;PRS;IND;latvian
grūtāks	grūtāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
kaligrāfs	kaligrāfu	N;GEN;PL;latvian
skrāpvīle	skrāpvīlē	N;LOC;SG;latvian
nedzirdīgais	nedzirdīgais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
zīdināt	zīdinātu	V;COND;PRS;latvian
brīvākais	brīvākajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
caurspīdīgais	caurspīdīgajos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
iezilais	iezilās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
sarkanīgs	sarkanīgās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
čiekurs	čiekurus	N;ACC;PL;latvian
neiet	neejams	V;V.PTCP;PRS;PASS;latvian
visiemelnākais	visiemelnākajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
rūpīgākais	rūpīgākais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
visinteresantākais	visinteresantākajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
viseksistenciālistiskākais	viseksistenciālistiskākās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
nedemokratizēt	nedemokratizējām	V;1;PL;PST;IND;latvian
enerģiskāks	enerģiskāku	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
vakarīgāks	vakarīgākā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
glītais	glīto	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
apbrīnot	apbrīnojam	V;1;PL;PRS;IND;latvian
mest	meta	V;3;SG;PST;IND;latvian
skrāpvīle	skrāpvīli	N;ACC;SG;latvian
humānistiskākais	humānistiskākās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
sperma	spermas	N;ACC;PL;latvian
nepeldēt	nepeldams	V;V.PTCP;PRS;PASS;latvian
reģistrēt	reģistrēju	V;1;SG;PST;IND;latvian
notikums	notikumi	N;NOM;PL;latvian
cītīgākais	cītīgākajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
visemocionālākais	visemocionālākajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
spēja	spēja	N;VOC;SG;latvian
netīrs	netīru	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
visģeometriskākais	visģeometriskākajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
centīgais	centīgajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
anatomiskais	anatomisko	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
indēšana	indēšanu	N;ACC;SG;latvian
liekt	lai liec	V;3;SG;IMP;latvian
pils	pili	N;INST;SG;latvian
pakost	pakodīsit	V;2;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
racionālistiskākais	racionālistiskākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
islandiskāks	islandiskākiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
raksturīgāks	raksturīgākās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
visnerātnākais	visnerātnākā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
gatavot	būt jāgatavo	V;LGSPEC2;IND;latvian
smilšainais	smilšaino	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
spēcīgais	spēcīgā	ADJ;LOC;SG;FEM;latvian
sausums	sausumam	N;DAT;SG;latvian
tagadējs	tagadējām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
iesarkanais	iesarkanos	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
tadžikisks	tadžikiskos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
būtiskais	būtiskajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
visagrākais	visagrākais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
raudulīgais	raudulīgās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
fantastiskāks	fantastiskākiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
visvājprātīgākais	visvājprātīgāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
lauvēns	lauvēnu	N;GEN;PL;latvian
dzimumloceklis	dzimumlocekļa	N;GEN;SG;latvian
ziņkārīgāks	ziņkārīgāku	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
brasls	braslus	N;ACC;PL;latvian
visgādīgākais	visgādīgākajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
ksenons	ksenon	N;VOC;SG;latvian
raudulīgums	raudulīgumu	N;INST;SG;latvian
vispavēlnieciskākais	vispavēlnieciskākajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
pills	pillos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
visnegludākais	visnegludāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
arheoloģija	arheoloģiju	N;ACC;SG;latvian
gurķis	gurķos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
neapart	neapar	V;2;SG;IMP;latvian
puika	puika	N;VOC;SG;latvian
visrātenākais	visrātenāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
nestrādāšana	nestrādāšanu	N;INST;SG;latvian
zēns	zēnā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
ceļinieks	ceļiniekam	N;DAT;SG;latvian
neprātīgāks	neprātīgākus	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
krūmājs	krūmāji	N;VOC;PL;latvian
lielīgākais	lielīgākie	ADJ;LOC;PL;MASC;latvian
vispsihiskākais	vispsihiskākā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
abstrahēt	abstrahējām	V;1;PL;PST;IND;latvian
iezilganāks	iezilganākām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
rasmīgāks	rasmīgāku	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
neuzcepšanās	neuzcepšanos	N;ACC;SG;latvian
visvelsiskākais	visvelsiskāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
nesūkāt	nesūkājām	V;1;PL;PST;IND;latvian
maizniece	maizniecei	N;DAT;SG;latvian
visklusākais	visklusāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
skart	lai skarot	V;LGSPEC1;IMP;latvian
visraižpilnākais	visraižpilnākajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
nots	notij	N;DAT;SG;latvian
vislielākais	vislielākais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
visraudulīgākais	visraudulīgākos	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
karaliste	karalistēm	N;INST;PL;latvian
kaligrāfiskākais	kaligrāfiskāko	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
maķedoniskākais	maķedoniskākajos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
klase	klasi	N;ACC;SG;latvian
marķīze	marķīzēm	N;DAT;PL;latvian
skūpstīt	būtu skūpstījis	V;COND;PST;latvian
sēt	esot sējis	V;LGSPEC1;PST;latvian
jēlākais	jēlākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
viesmīlis	viesmīlim	N;DAT;SG;latvian
visraudulīgākais	visraudulīgākie	ADJ;LOC;PL;MASC;latvian
skumjš	skumjām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
uts	uts	N;GEN;SG;latvian
truļākais	truļāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
indoeiropeiskāks	indoeiropeiskāku	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
nestāvēt	neesot stāvējis	V;LGSPEC1;PST;latvian
neskābšana	neskābšanā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
nemainīt	neesot mainījis	V;LGSPEC1;PST;latvian
iemelns	iemelnu	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
ukrainiskais	ukrainiskajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
peldēt	peldēts	V;V.PTCP;PST;PASS;latvian
vismantīgākais	vismantīgākajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
veselīgs	veselīgām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
labāks	labākiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
visčehiskākais	visčehiskākajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
burtnīce	burtnīces	N;VOC;PL;latvian
solončaks	solončakā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
modernizēt	modernizējams	V;V.PTCP;PRS;PASS;latvian
fizioloģiskais	fizioloģiskajā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
neprašana	neprašanu	N;INST;SG;latvian
iedot	lai iedod	V;3;SG;IMP;latvian
visdumjākais	visdumjāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
oranžais	oranžo	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
kaunīgākais	kaunīgākajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
eiropiete	eiropiete	N;VOC;SG;latvian
naksnīgākais	naksnīgākajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
piedraukne	piedrauknēm	N;INST;PL;latvian
nesūkt	nesūksit	V;2;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
gruzīniskāks	gruzīniskākā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
plukšķis	plukšķiem	N;DAT;PL;latvian
kurlākais	kurlākajā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
redzīgākais	redzīgākajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
smilšaināks	smilšainākā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
normālākais	normālāko	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
minēt	minēja	V;3;SG;PST;IND;latvian
konjunkcija	konjunkcijai	N;DAT;SG;latvian
turīgs	turīgai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
neslaukt	neslauciet	V;2;PL;IMP;latvian
kontinentālākais	kontinentālākās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
neost	neodīsit	V;2;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
turciskais	turciskie	ADJ;LOC;PL;MASC;latvian
cepums	cepumu	N;INST;SG;latvian
neaudzināšana	neaudzināšanu	N;ACC;SG;latvian
armēnis	armēņi	N;VOC;PL;latvian
labvakars	labvakaru	N;ACC;SG;latvian
neapcept	neapcepa	V;3;SG;PST;IND;latvian
eksistenciālistiskāks	eksistenciālistiskākas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
dzeltainākais	dzeltainākā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
visnīderlandiskākais	visnīderlandiskākajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
vecums	vecums	N;NOM;SG;latvian
stulbenis	stulbeņos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
ķemmēt	lai ķemmējot	V;LGSPEC1;IMP;latvian
bēda	bēdas	N;ACC;PL;latvian
drošākais	drošākās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
botāniskais	botānisko	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
knislis	knišļiem	N;DAT;PL;latvian
glītākais	glītākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
nedzelšana	nedzelšanai	N;DAT;SG;latvian
lokanākais	lokanāko	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
visstignākais	visstignākajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
dzidrāks	dzidrākām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
visstrauļākais	visstrauļākajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
vakarīgais	vakarīgajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
vissocioloģiskākais	vissocioloģiskāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
rūgtāks	rūgtākus	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
viskrēslainākais	viskrēslainākās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
neparast	parast	V;NFIN;NEG;latvian
bīties	bijies	V;2;SG;PST;IND;latvian
nezīdīt	nezīda	V;3;PL;PRS;IND;latvian
strēbt	lai strebj	V;3;PL;IMP;latvian
vispilsoniskākais	vispilsoniskākajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
pekle	pekles	N;ACC;PL;latvian
plānāks	plānāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
vērt	vērāt	V;2;PL;PST;IND;latvian
pakalt	būtu pakalis	V;COND;PST;latvian
censīgāks	censīgāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
pavasaris	pavasari	N;VOC;SG;latvian
visjaunavīgākais	visjaunavīgākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
mehāniskāks	mehāniskākus	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
morālāks	morālāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
salna	salnām	N;DAT;PL;latvian
neskaidrot	neskaidroja	V;3;PL;PST;IND;latvian
necaurredzamākais	necaurredzamākajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
lēkt	lēktu	V;COND;PRS;latvian
smukāks	smukākam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
trūcīgs	trūcīgu	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
visriktīgākais	visriktīgākā	ADJ;LOC;SG;FEM;latvian
demokrāts	demokrāt	N;VOC;SG;latvian
siltais	siltajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
turkmēnis	turkmēņu	N;GEN;PL;latvian
miesīgāks	miesīgākā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
sveikais	sveikajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
paradoksāls	paradoksālai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
zvejas vieta	zvejas vietas	N;GEN;SG;latvian
cālis	cāļi	N;NOM;PL;latvian
nemežģīt	nemežģīs	V;3;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
visiedarbīgākais	visiedarbīgākajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
staigņāks	staigņākām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
intīmais	intīmajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
akcentēt	akcentēsim	V;1;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
likt	lai liek	V;3;SG;IMP;latvian
parastība	parastību	N;ACC;SG;latvian
žorks	žorkiem	N;DAT;PL;latvian
reliģiskāks	reliģiskākiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
zilganais	zilganajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
debess	debess	N;NOM;SG;latvian
pateicīgais	pateicīgajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
zibens	zibeņiem	N;DAT;PL;latvian
rumāniskākais	rumāniskāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
filozofe	filozofēm	N;INST;PL;latvian
amfībija	amfībijā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
slovākiskākais	slovākiskākajā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
sudrabains	sudrabainu	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
visūdeņainākais	visūdeņainākās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
ziemas mēnesis	ziemas mēnešus	N;ACC;PL;latvian
skūpstīt	skūpstot	V;LGSPEC1;PRS;latvian
agrākais	agrāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
melnais	melno	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
vissocioloģiskākais	vissocioloģiskākās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
saart	saarām	V;1;PL;PST;IND;latvian
gulta	gultā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
pallādijs	pallādij	N;VOC;SG;latvian
nenabadzināt	nenabadzināsim	V;1;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
siers	sier	N;VOC;SG;latvian
audzināšana	audzināšanai	N;DAT;SG;latvian
censīgākais	censīgākie	ADJ;LOC;PL;MASC;latvian
bēdīgākais	bēdīgākajos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
uzcītīgais	uzcītīgajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
sirde	sirdē	N;LOC;SG;latvian
slovākiete	slovākiete	N;VOC;SG;latvian
neražošana	neražošanai	N;DAT;SG;latvian
pīle	pīlē	N;LOC;SG;latvian
iedzeltens	iedzeltenu	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
viscaurredzamākais	viscaurredzamākā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
kālis	kāļa	N;GEN;SG;latvian
ārprātīgākais	ārprātīgākajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
irānietis	irāniešiem	N;INST;PL;latvian
apstāklis	apstāklī	N;LOC;SG;latvian
rudzu mēnesis	rudzu mēnesis	N;NOM;SG;latvian
moldāvisks	moldāvisku	ADJ;DAT;SG;FEM;latvian
mīlīgāks	mīlīgāku	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
dzeltānais	dzeltānās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
imbecilais	imbecilo	ADJ;ACC;PL;FEM;latvian
igauņu valoda	igauņu valoda	N;NOM;SG;latvian
nedancot	nebūtu dancojis	V;COND;PST;latvian
dzīvot	dzīvo	V;2;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
norma	norma	N;NOM;SG;latvian
paleontoloģisks	paleontoloģiskiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
rūgtāks	rūgtākiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
nenormālais	nenormālajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
visblīvākais	visblīvāko	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
nabagais	nabagajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
slaikais	slaikā	ADJ;LOC;SG;FEM;latvian
nezaudēšana	nezaudēšanas	N;GEN;SG;latvian
manīt	esot jāmana	V;LGSPEC2;LGSPEC7;latvian
novietot	jānovietojot	V;LGSPEC2;LgSPEC8;latvian
bezjēdzība	bezjēdzību	N;INST;SG;latvian
paart	paardams	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC4;latvian
melīgākais	melīgākajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
brūnākais	brūnākā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
psiholoģisks	psiholoģiskas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
raža	ražu	N;INST;SG;latvian
purpurs	purpuru	N;ACC;SG;latvian
neizteikšana	neizteikšanā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
humors	humorā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
referendums	referendumiem	N;DAT;PL;latvian
vingrot	vingrotu	V;COND;PRS;latvian
omānietis	omāniešus	N;ACC;PL;latvian
spulgākais	spulgākās	ADJ;LOC;PL;FEM;latvian
skolniece	skolniece	N;NOM;SG;latvian
strēlniece	strēlnieču	N;GEN;PL;latvian
iztulkošana	iztulkošanām	N;DAT;PL;latvian
nevajadzēšana	nevajadzēšanā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
staignāks	staignākām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
aizpērnējais	aizpērnējos	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
cariene	carienes	N;NOM;PL;latvian
ungārs	ungāros	N;LOC;PL;latvian
šūt	šuvu	V;1;SG;PST;IND;latvian
ukrainiskākais	ukrainiskākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
ķerra	ķerras	N;VOC;PL;latvian
būt	lai ir	V;3;SG;IMP;latvian
varēt	lai var	V;3;PL;IMP;latvian
izcilais	izcilajā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
spalgākais	spalgāko	ADJ;DAT;SG;MASC;latvian
modrais	modrajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
produktīvs	produktīviem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
šķērss	šķērsas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
tēvzeme	tēvzemei	N;DAT;SG;latvian
trusene	trusenēm	N;DAT;PL;latvian
dzīvāks	dzīvākas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
gāzveidīgākais	gāzveidīgākās	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
neīsināt	nebūt jāīsina	V;LGSPEC2;IND;latvian
došana	došanai	N;DAT;SG;latvian
brokastot	brokastot	V;NFIN;latvian
slimais	slimajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
panteru mušmire	panteru mušmiri	N;INST;SG;latvian
visčehiskākais	visčehiskāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
iracionālākais	iracionālākajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
darbiniece	darbinieci	N;INST;SG;latvian
viszeltainākais	viszeltainākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
asteroīds	asteroīdi	N;NOM;PL;latvian
vēsturiskāks	vēsturiskāka	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
portugālis	portugāļus	N;ACC;PL;latvian
trīsstūris	trīsstūrim	N;DAT;SG;latvian
neatkarīgāks	neatkarīgāka	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
nekustēties	nekustēsities	V;2;PL;FUT;IND;latvian
visforšākais	visforšākajam	ADJ;GEN;SG;MASC;latvian
nespļaut	spļaut	V;NFIN;NEG;latvian
laims	laimos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
ortogrāfija	ortogrāfijas	N;GEN;SG;latvian
greznākais	greznākā	ADJ;LOC;SG;FEM;latvian
viserotiskākais	viserotiskākajā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
visfotogrāfiskākais	visfotogrāfiskākajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
pilsonība	pilsonība	N;NOM;SG;latvian
mātīte	mātītes	N;GEN;SG;latvian
netrūkšana	netrūkšanai	N;DAT;SG;latvian
vācietis	vāciešos	N;LOC;PL;latvian
visproduktīvākais	visproduktīvākajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
slāviskāks	slāviskāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
bloķēt	bloķē	V;3;SG;PRS;IND;latvian
rieties	būt jārejas	V;LGSPEC2;IND;latvian
puisēns	puisēn	N;VOC;SG;latvian
saldenais	saldenā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
viscilvēcīgākais	viscilvēcīgākie	ADJ;LOC;PL;MASC;latvian
visfranciskākais	visfranciskākajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
apost	lai apožot	V;LGSPEC1;IMP;latvian
humānāks	humānākiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
oglis	oglim	N;DAT;SG;latvian
uzcept	uzcepts	V;V.PTCP;PST;PASS;latvian
ražens	ražena	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
zaudēt	zaudēja	V;3;SG;PST;IND;latvian
atvasara	atvasarā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
pateicīgāks	pateicīgākus	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
spaniels	spanielā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
vislietuviskākais	vislietuviskākos	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
baltākais	baltāko	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
laimīgais	laimīgajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
saukt	sauci	V;2;SG;PST;IND;latvian
izcilākais	izcilāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
visvējainākais	visvējainākais	ADJ;LOC;SG;MASC;latvian
pavēle	pavēli	N;INST;SG;latvian
būtiskākais	būtiskākajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
modernizēt	modernizēju	V;1;SG;PST;IND;latvian
tagadējais	tagadējā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
smaidīgāks	smaidīgākas	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
eksistenciālistiskākais	eksistenciālistiskākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
lieliskāks	lieliskākos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
neblāvošana	neblāvošanu	N;ACC;SG;latvian
pareizāks	pareizāku	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
cilvēciskākais	cilvēciskākajās	ADJ;INST;PL;FEM;latvian
nepareizums	nepareizumiem	N;INST;PL;latvian
visnerātnākais	visnerātnākajai	ADJ;GEN;SG;FEM;latvian
visaustriskākais	visaustriskākajiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
nelīdzēt	nelīdziet	V;2;PL;IMP;latvian
vismuklākais	vismuklākās	ADJ;ACC;SG;FEM;latvian
kazahiskais	kazahisko	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
anālākais	anālākajām	ADJ;GEN;PL;FEM;latvian
lietussargs	lietussargiem	N;INST;PL;latvian
nedegt	nedegat	V;2;PL;PRS;IND;latvian
sociālistiskāks	sociālistiskākiem	ADJ;GEN;PL;MASC;latvian
fizioloģija	fizioloģijā	N;LOC;SG;latvian
visrudenīgākais	visrudenīgākajiem	ADJ;DAT;PL;MASC;latvian
velsisks	velsiska	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
salds	saldā	ADJ;INST;SG;FEM;latvian
nespodrums	nespodrumus	N;ACC;PL;latvian
meita	meitas	N;GEN;SG;latvian
eksistēšana	eksistēšanu	N;INST;SG;latvian
trulāks	trulāku	ADJ;NOM;SG;MASC;latvian
bezjēdzīgākais	bezjēdzīgāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
patiesīgs	patiesīgā	ADJ;INST;SG;MASC;latvian
jaunavīgs	jaunavīgu	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
nebēdnieks	nebēdnieks	N;NOM;SG;latvian
parastāks	parastākos	ADJ;INST;PL;MASC;latvian
amerikāniskāks	amerikāniskākas	ADJ;NOM;PL;FEM;latvian
abstraktums	abstraktumam	N;DAT;SG;latvian
vaislīgāks	vaislīgāku	ADJ;ACC;PL;MASC;latvian
necepšanās	necepšanās	N;NOM;SG;latvian
netīrais	netīrajām	ADJ;DAT;PL;FEM;latvian
bēdīgākais	bēdīgākos	ADJ;NOM;PL;MASC;latvian
vismodrākais	vismodrākā	ADJ;ACC;SG;MASC;latvian
bruņuvilciens	bruņuvilcieni	N;VOC;PL;latvian
mācīt	mācošs	V;V.PTCP;PRS;LGSPEC3;latvian
pillākais	pillāko	ADJ;NOM;SG;FEM;latvian
