bębnić	bębnił	V;PST;3;SG;MASC;polish
żądać	żądalibyście	V;COND;2;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
cudzołożyć	cudzołożyło	V;PST;3;SG;NEUT;polish
morfologia	morfologii	N;DAT;SG;polish
najkonkretniejszy	najkonkretniejszym	ADJ;MASC;ESS;SG;polish
bledszy	bledszego	ADJ;MASC;ANIM;ACC;SG;polish
wątek	wątki	N;VOC;PL;polish
funpag	funpagami	N;INS;PL;polish
gościnność	gościnności	N;DAT;SG;polish
zniszczyć	zniszczyłbyś	V;COND;2;SG;MASC;polish
blondyn	blondynów	N;ACC;PL;polish
daszek	daszek	N;NOM;SG;polish
robić	będziecie robili	V;FUT;2;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
coroczny	coroczni	ADJ;MASC;HUM;NOM;PL;polish
wartościowy	wartościowym	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
obiad	obiad	N;NOM;SG;polish
wyposzczony	wyposzczony	ADJ;MASC;INAN;ACC;SG;polish
szewski	szewskich	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;PL;polish
iBook	iBooku	N;VOC;SG;polish
antymon	antymon	N;NOM;SG;polish
żyletka	żyletkach	N;ESS;PL;polish
krzemian	krzemianu	N;GEN;SG;polish
radzić sobie	radzący	V.PTCP;PST;ACT;SG;MASC;polish
wschód	wschody	N;VOC;PL;polish
bagażnik	bagażnikach	N;ESS;PL;polish
bezwstydny	bezwstydną	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;polish
dar	darom	N;DAT;PL;polish
gwóźdź	gwóździa	N;GEN;SG;polish
szyszynka	szyszynkami	N;INS;PL;polish
zaniechać	zaniechalibyście	V;COND;2;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
abchaski	abchaskich	ADJ;ESS;PL;polish
zmęczone	zmęczonego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
len	lnie	N;ESS;SG;polish
kasta	kastami	N;INS;PL;polish
stała	stałe	N;VOC;PL;polish
dowodzić	dowodziłeś	V;PST;2;SG;MASC;polish
naturalne	naturalną	ADJ;FEM;INS;SG;polish
nieżonaty	nieżonatym	ADJ;DAT;PL;polish
dziura	dziurze	N;DAT;SG;polish
styczniowy	styczniowego	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;SG;polish
zaimportować	zaimportowałoby	V;COND;3;SG;NEUT;polish
policjant	policjantach	N;ESS;PL;polish
kucharka	kucharką	N;INS;SG;polish
dachówka	dachówki	N;NOM;PL;polish
Greczynka	Greczynce	N;ESS;SG;polish
zostawić	zostawiony	V.PTCP;PST;PASS;SG;MASC;polish
rybołów	rybołowy	N;ACC;PL;polish
równoczesny	równoczesne	ADJ;NEUT;ACC;SG;polish
klimat	klimacie	N;VOC;SG;polish
polimerowy	polimerowym	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;polish
potencjalny	potencjalnych	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;PL;polish
brylant	brylantami	N;INS;PL;polish
bawarski	bawarskiemu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;polish
nikczemny	nikczemnego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
wiślany	wiślanych	ADJ;ESS;PL;polish
drogi	drogą	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;polish
bezbarwny	bezbarwna	ADJ;FEM;NOM;SG;polish
klin	klinie	N;ESS;SG;polish
świadek	świadkom	N;DAT;PL;polish
hiperon	hiperonów	N;GEN;PL;polish
wyuzdany	wyuzdanym	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
najdostępniejszy	najdostępniejszemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
medyczny	medyczny	ADJ;MASC;INAN;ACC;SG;polish
puch	puch	N;ACC;SG;polish
rządzić	rządzimy	V;PRS;1;PL;polish
ocena	oceny	N;VOC;PL;polish
brutalny	brutalna	ADJ;FEM;NOM;SG;polish
dobyć	dobyłbym	V;COND;1;SG;MASC;polish
obiecać	obieca	V;FUT;3;SG;polish
adwokat diabła	adwokatowi diabła	N;DAT;SG;polish
żebro	żebro	N;VOC;SG;polish
najtwardszy	najtwardszemu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;polish
akrobatyczny	akrobatyczny	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
przemyśleć	przemyśleliby	V;COND;3;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
wrzeciono	wrzeciona	N;ACC;PL;polish
najpotężniejszy	najpotężniejsza	ADJ;FEM;NOM;SG;polish
kurnik	kurniku	N;ESS;SG;polish
alkoholowy	alkoholowemu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;polish
wiosenny	wiosennych	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;PL;polish
cera	cery	N;NOM;PL;polish
całować	całujący	V.PTCP;PST;ACT;SG;MASC;polish
upadek	upadek	N;NOM;SG;polish
grafitowy	grafitowemu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;polish
pluć	pluję	V;PRS;1;SG;polish
nirwana	nirwany	N;VOC;PL;polish
starożytny	starożytnego	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;SG;polish
kanapeczka	kanapeczko	N;VOC;SG;polish
libański	libańskim	ADJ;DAT;PL;polish
krajzega	krajzegom	N;DAT;PL;polish
kawaler	kawalerze	N;ESS;SG;polish
przysięgać	przysięgajmy	V;IMP;1;PL;polish
pięta	pięcie	N;ESS;SG;polish
mnich	mnichom	N;DAT;PL;polish
francuski	francuskim	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
dubstep	dubstepem	N;INS;SG;polish
pnącze	pnącza	N;VOC;PL;polish
magisterka	magisterki	N;VOC;PL;polish
pożyczać	pożyczałoby	V;COND;3;SG;NEUT;polish
wschodni	wschodniej	ADJ;FEM;GEN;SG;polish
przeprowadzać	przeprowadzając	V.CVB;polish
mulczujący	mulczującego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
najzabawniejszy	najzabawniejsze	ADJ;NOM;PL;polish
kurwy	kurwach	N;ESS;SG;polish
nalewać	nalewałbyś	V;COND;2;SG;MASC;polish
śmieciówka	śmieciówki	N;NOM;PL;polish
jemeński	jemeńskim	ADJ;MASC;ESS;SG;polish
surrealizm	surrealizmem	N;INS;SG;polish
przypadłość	przypadłości	N;VOC;PL;polish
wykopalisko	wykopaliska	N;NOM;PL;polish
kuchenny	kuchennego	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;SG;polish
mitologiczny	mitologicznym	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;polish
pomagać	będziemy pomagały	V;FUT;1;PL;polish
kotka	kotko	N;VOC;SG;polish
pocztowy	pocztowi	ADJ;MASC;HUM;NOM;PL;polish
kółko wzajemnej adoracji	kółek wzajemnej adoracji	N;GEN;PL;polish
wonniejszy	wonniejszego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
cewnik	cewniki	N;ACC;PL;polish
wspólny	wspólne	ADJ;ACC;PL;polish
lico	licami	N;INS;PL;polish
spadać	będziemy spadali	V;FUT;1;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
reklamowy	reklamowy	ADJ;MASC;INAN;ACC;SG;polish
wymierny	wymiernego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
teleturniej	teleturnieju	N;VOC;SG;polish
dorsz	dorsz	N;NOM;SG;polish
dożyć	dożyłaś	V;PST;2;SG;FEM;polish
osiowy	osiowymi	ADJ;INS;PL;polish
dziękować	dziękowali	V;PST;3;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
matematyczny	matematycznemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
najdroższy	najdroższej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
prekognicja	prekognicji	N;DAT;SG;polish
kompost	komposty	N;NOM;PL;polish
bohr	bohrem	N;INS;SG;polish
latać	latałeś	V;PST;2;SG;MASC;polish
supeł	supły	N;NOM;PL;polish
niegrzeczny	niegrzecznej	ADJ;FEM;ESS;SG;polish
bransoleta	bransolety	N;NOM;PL;polish
ambitniejszy	ambitniejsze	ADJ;NOM;PL;polish
harfa	harfy	N;VOC;PL;polish
różyczka	różyczko	N;VOC;SG;polish
cypryjski	cypryjskie	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
najodpowiedniejszy	najodpowiedniejszej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
aceton	acetonem	N;INS;SG;polish
cudniejszy	cudniejszego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
najcieplejszy	najcieplejszymi	ADJ;INS;PL;polish
przezimować	przezimował	V;PST;3;SG;MASC;polish
czarniejszy	czarniejszej	ADJ;FEM;GEN;SG;polish
pewny	pewna	ADJ;FEM;NOM;SG;polish
wziąć	weźmiesz	V;FUT;2;SG;polish
filiżaneczka	filiżaneczko	N;VOC;SG;polish
uniwersytet	uniwersytetów	N;GEN;PL;polish
korsarz	korsarzu	N;ESS;SG;polish
Węgier	Węgrów	N;GEN;PL;polish
łagodny	łagodnym	ADJ;DAT;PL;polish
dalia	dalię	N;ACC;SG;polish
zarabiać	zarabiałaś	V;PST;2;SG;FEM;polish
stryj	stryja	N;GEN;SG;polish
trzebić	trzebilibyście	V;COND;2;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
dawać	będzie dawała	V;FUT;3;SG;FEM;polish
betonowy	betonowego	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;SG;polish
korund	korundy	N;NOM;PL;polish
teraźniejszy	teraźniejszego	ADJ;MASC;ANIM;ACC;SG;polish
dolec	dolców	N;GEN;PL;polish
wysiąść	wysiadłeś	V;PST;2;SG;MASC;polish
nadchodzić	nadchodzono	V.PTCP;PST;PASS;polish
jeleni	jeleniej	ADJ;FEM;GEN;SG;polish
oblężenie	oblężeniu	N;DAT;SG;polish
żuć	żuto	V.PTCP;PST;PASS;polish
pusty	pustego	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;SG;polish
przebijanie	przebijaniu	N;ESS;SG;polish
ciacho	ciacha	N;NOM;PL;polish
kawaler	kawalerowie	N;VOC;PL;polish
kimać	kimać	V;NFIN;polish
przenośnia	przenośniach	N;ESS;PL;polish
karciany	karcianym	ADJ;MASC;ESS;SG;polish
pierdółka	pierdółką	N;INS;SG;polish
łuk	łuku	N;ESS;SG;polish
szałamaja	szałamajo	N;VOC;SG;polish
uszny	usznych	ADJ;GEN;PL;polish
najdalszy	najdalszych	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;PL;polish
ambulans	ambulansy	N;NOM;PL;polish
pojawić się	pojawią	V;FUT;3;PL;polish
odkrywać	będziesz odkrywał	V;FUT;2;SG;MASC;polish
ziębnąć	ziębnę	V;PRS;1;SG;polish
kumać	kumałbyś	V;COND;2;SG;MASC;polish
żytni	żytnie	ADJ;NOM;PL;polish
skrócić	skrócilibyśmy	V;COND;1;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
nieszkodliwy	nieszkodliwego	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;SG;polish
wredniejszy	wredniejsze	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
optyczny	optycznemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
filozof	filozofów	N;ACC;PL;polish
trzeźwy	trzeźwego	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;SG;polish
odczynić	odczynił	V;PST;3;SG;MASC;polish
przepaść	przepaścią	N;INS;SG;polish
słonina	słoninę	N;ACC;SG;polish
botaniczny	botaniczne	ADJ;NOM;PL;polish
prostopadły	prostopadłego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
lico	lico	N;NOM;SG;polish
małżeństwo	małżeństwie	N;ESS;SG;polish
kariera	kariero	N;VOC;SG;polish
wymiksować się	wymiksujcie	V;IMP;2;PL;polish
koptyjski	koptyjscy	ADJ;MASC;HUM;NOM;PL;polish
piłeczka	piłeczkami	N;INS;PL;polish
korzystać	korzysta	V;PRS;3;SG;polish
najdostępniejszy	najdostępniejszego	ADJ;MASC;ANIM;ACC;SG;polish
przyrodniczy	przyrodnicze	ADJ;NEUT;ACC;SG;polish
smutniejszy	smutniejsi	ADJ;MASC;HUM;NOM;PL;polish
finalistka	finalistką	N;INS;SG;polish
frank	frankach	N;ESS;PL;polish
niedźwiadek	niedźwiadku	N;ESS;SG;polish
podeszwa	podeszwie	N;DAT;SG;polish
wikt	wiktami	N;INS;PL;polish
kwilić	kwiliłabyś	V;COND;2;SG;FEM;polish
srać	będą srali	V;FUT;3;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
farmaceuta	farmaceuty	N;GEN;SG;polish
wynieść	wyniósłbyś	V;COND;2;SG;MASC;polish
chłeptać	chłeptająca	V.PTCP;PST;ACT;SG;FEM;polish
pluszowy	pluszowym	ADJ;DAT;PL;polish
całkowalny	całkowalnego	ADJ;MASC;ANIM;ACC;SG;polish
kosmyk	kosmykom	N;DAT;PL;polish
przyjaźń	przyjaźń	N;ACC;SG;polish
dyskoteka	dyskotek	N;GEN;PL;polish
lewacki	lewacką	ADJ;FEM;INS;SG;polish
standardowy	standardowym	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
zakrzywiony	zakrzywione	ADJ;NOM;PL;polish
toluen	toluen	N;NOM;SG;polish
oszczędny	oszczędnym	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;polish
interpunkcja	interpunkcją	N;INS;SG;polish
graniastosłup	graniastosłupowi	N;DAT;SG;polish
zadzwonić	niech zadzwonią	V;IMP;3;PL;polish
dokładniejszy	dokładniejsze	ADJ;ACC;PL;polish
petent	petentami	N;INS;PL;polish
mulczować	mulczowałaś	V;PST;2;SG;FEM;polish
rozszczepienie	rozszczepieniem	N;INS;SG;polish
najchłodniejszy	najchłodniejszego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
dowiedzieć się	dowiedziałabyś	V;COND;2;SG;FEM;polish
sójka	sójki	N;VOC;PL;polish
dżezbend	dżezbendu	N;GEN;SG;polish
hokejowy	hokejową	ADJ;FEM;INS;SG;polish
spirometr	spirometrze	N;ESS;SG;polish
wykopać	wykopano	V.PTCP;PST;PASS;polish
błędny	błędną	ADJ;FEM;INS;SG;polish
lodowcowy	lodowcowym	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;polish
łoza	łozom	N;DAT;PL;polish
sfora	sfory	N;NOM;PL;polish
absurd	absurdów	N;GEN;PL;polish
janczar	janczarach	N;ESS;PL;polish
krytyka	krytykom	N;DAT;PL;polish
wymyślić	wymyśliła	V;PST;3;SG;FEM;polish
harmonogram	harmonogramy	N;VOC;PL;polish
knot	knot	N;NOM;SG;polish
monoteistyczny	monoteistycznemu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;polish
orbitrek	orbitrek	N;ACC;SG;polish
aborcja	aborcji	N;GEN;SG;polish
łożysko	łożysko	N;NOM;SG;polish
metropolita	metropolici	N;VOC;PL;polish
alabaster	alabastry	N;VOC;PL;polish
saksofon	saksofonom	N;DAT;PL;polish
buddyjski	buddyjskiej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
spięcie	spięciami	N;INS;PL;polish
pustkowie	pustkowia	N;NOM;PL;polish
parskać	będzie parskało	V;FUT;3;SG;NEUT;polish
mizoginia	mizoginio	N;VOC;SG;polish
gnać	gnałbyś	V;COND;2;SG;MASC;polish
przetacznik	przetacznikami	N;INS;PL;polish
abdykacja	abdykację	N;ACC;SG;polish
śpiewak	śpiewaków	N;ACC;PL;polish
notatnik	notatnikom	N;DAT;PL;polish
fuksja	fuksja	N;NOM;SG;polish
szarogęsić się	szarogęsiłabyś	V;COND;2;SG;FEM;polish
kosmaty	kosmate	ADJ;ACC;PL;polish
spirodela	spirodele	N;ACC;PL;polish
najcichszy	najcichszej	ADJ;FEM;GEN;SG;polish
mięczak	mięczaka	N;ACC;SG;polish
rzut	rzuty	N;VOC;PL;polish
dziki	dzikich	ADJ;ESS;PL;polish
karton	karton	N;ACC;SG;polish
wróżka	wróżki	N;NOM;PL;polish
uderzyć	niech uderzę	V;IMP;1;SG;polish
kardiolog	kardiologa	N;GEN;SG;polish
graficzny	graficznym	ADJ;DAT;PL;polish
oracz	oracza	N;GEN;SG;polish
niezmienniczy	niezmienniczych	ADJ;ESS;PL;polish
kosz	kosze	N;VOC;PL;polish
padaczkowy	padaczkowych	ADJ;ESS;PL;polish
plotkować	plotkuję	V;PRS;1;SG;polish
teren	terenach	N;ESS;PL;polish
sztuczny	sztucznej	ADJ;FEM;ESS;SG;polish
licznik	licznikiem	N;INS;SG;polish
jonosfera	jonosferze	N;ESS;SG;polish
mięsożerny	mięsożerna	ADJ;FEM;NOM;SG;polish
szampan	szampany	N;ACC;PL;polish
rzeźba	rzeźb	N;GEN;PL;polish
hurtownia	hurtowni	N;DAT;SG;polish
przekład	przekładzie	N;VOC;SG;polish
krytyka	krytyki	N;VOC;PL;polish
orędzie	orędziom	N;DAT;PL;polish
katalizator	katalizatory	N;NOM;PL;polish
lód	lody	N;ACC;PL;polish
przytulniejszy	przytulniejszym	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;polish
aronia	aronie	N;NOM;PL;polish
bawić się	bawiący	V.PTCP;PST;ACT;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
angolski	angolskim	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;polish
męczyć	będzie męczyła	V;FUT;3;SG;FEM;polish
lutować	lutowani	V.PTCP;PST;PASS;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
dziewiczy	dziewiczego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
podobniejszy	podobniejszym	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;polish
rosiczka	rosiczki	N;ACC;PL;polish
obserwator	obserwator	N;NOM;SG;polish
dziękować	będziemy dziękowali	V;FUT;1;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
wymóc	wymogłam	V;PST;1;SG;FEM;polish
ogród	ogrodzie	N;VOC;SG;polish
najokropniejszy	najokropniejszym	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;polish
łopata	łopato	N;VOC;SG;polish
nigdziegęsty	nigdziegęstych	ADJ;ESS;PL;polish
zebrać	zebrałaś	V;PST;2;SG;FEM;polish
mintaj	mintaja	N;ACC;SG;polish
niepewny	niepewne	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
siarczek	siarczku	N;ESS;SG;polish
gromadzić	gromadziłbyś	V;COND;2;SG;MASC;polish
delikatniejszy	delikatniejszymi	ADJ;INS;PL;polish
rasistowski	rasistowskich	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;PL;polish
porażka	porażki	N;ACC;PL;polish
jednoznaczny	jednoznacznym	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
najrychlejszy	najrychlejszy	ADJ;MASC;INAN;ACC;SG;polish
wysiąść	wysiadanie	V.MSDR;polish
perfumy	perfumami	N;INS;SG;polish
najzręczniejszy	najzręczniejszemu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;polish
panować	panowali	V;PST;3;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
nowa	nowym	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;polish
ziemny	ziemny	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
zerować	będzie zerował	V;FUT;3;SG;MASC;polish
pismo klinowe	pismem klinowym	N;INS;SG;polish
głodny	głodnych	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;PL;polish
schnąć	schnęło	V;PST;3;SG;NEUT;polish
zięba	ziębo	N;VOC;SG;polish
najmocniejszy	najmocniejszy	ADJ;MASC;INAN;ACC;SG;polish
dosrać	dosrajmy	V;IMP;1;PL;polish
grat	graty	N;NOM;PL;polish
zdjęcie	zdjęciami	N;INS;PL;polish
wart	warci	ADJ;MASC;HUM;NOM;PL;polish
mądrzyć się	mądrzyło	V;PST;3;SG;NEUT;polish
umiejętność	umiejętności	N;VOC;PL;polish
zasługiwać	będzie zasługiwała	V;FUT;3;SG;FEM;polish
poświęcenie	poświęceniu	N;DAT;SG;polish
konkretniejszy	konkretniejsze	ADJ;NEUT;ACC;SG;polish
kaktusowy	kaktusowi	ADJ;MASC;HUM;NOM;PL;polish
muezin	muezin	N;NOM;SG;polish
chochelka	chochelkami	N;INS;PL;polish
ewentualny	ewentualnej	ADJ;FEM;ESS;SG;polish
chować	będziemy chowali	V;FUT;1;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
bogaty	bogatej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
mieszkanie	mieszkaniu	N;DAT;SG;polish
śmiertelny	śmiertelnemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
powrót	powrót	N;ACC;SG;polish
najprzytulniejszy	najprzytulniejszego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
trójeczka	trójeczkach	N;ESS;PL;polish
trzustka	trzustki	N;NOM;PL;polish
wszelki	wszelkim	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;polish
dumać	dumałeś	V;PST;2;SG;MASC;polish
guglać	będę guglał	V;FUT;1;SG;MASC;polish
nijaki	nijakim	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
radiolatarnia	radiolatarnio	N;VOC;SG;polish
notować	notowałby	V;COND;3;SG;MASC;polish
efekt	efektowi	N;DAT;SG;polish
najpodatniejszy	najpodatniejsze	ADJ;NOM;PL;polish
spać	śpisz	V;PRS;2;SG;polish
symulować	będzie symulowało	V;FUT;3;SG;NEUT;polish
prostopadłościan	prostopadłościany	N;ACC;PL;polish
majowy	majowy	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
szariat	szariatach	N;ESS;PL;polish
odległość	odległości	N;GEN;PL;polish
kieszeń	kieszeń	N;ACC;SG;polish
optymista	optymistami	N;INS;PL;polish
ekwilibrysta	ekwilibrystów	N;GEN;PL;polish
popełnić	popełnijcie	V;IMP;2;PL;polish
odkrycie	odkrycie	N;ACC;SG;polish
radiowóz	radiowozom	N;DAT;PL;polish
parestezja	parestezje	N;NOM;PL;polish
malinowy	malinowymi	ADJ;INS;PL;polish
wesoły	wesoły	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
dolnołużycki	dolnołużyckie	ADJ;ACC;PL;polish
rybny	rybnego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
gorzeć	gorzeliście	V;PST;2;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
pachnieć	pachniały	V;PST;3;PL;polish
jawny	jawny	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
krawiec	krawca	N;GEN;SG;polish
zieleńszy	zieleńszym	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;polish
architektoniczny	architektonicznym	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
najlichszy	najlichszym	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;polish
włamanie	włamaniach	N;ESS;PL;polish
kakaowiec	kakaowców	N;GEN;PL;polish
rzymski	rzymskie	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
opuszczać	będą opuszczały	V;FUT;3;PL;polish
gonić	goniące	V.PTCP;PST;ACT;SG;NEUT;polish
zaimportować	zaimportowałyby	V;COND;3;PL;polish
niepowodzenie	niepowodzenie	N;ACC;SG;polish
trędowaty	trędowaty	N;VOC;SG;polish
uraninit	uraninicie	N;VOC;SG;polish
rozmyć	rozmycie	V.MSDR;polish
trudniejszy	trudniejszego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
miętus	miętusa	N;ACC;SG;polish
rozpuszczony	rozpuszczonego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
obfitszy	obfitsze	ADJ;NOM;PL;polish
kukać	kukaliby	V;COND;3;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
wdowa	wdowom	N;DAT;PL;polish
starofrancuski	starofrancuskiej	ADJ;FEM;ESS;SG;polish
aszkenazyjski	aszkenazyjską	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;polish
filolog	filologa	N;ACC;SG;polish
karat	karatem	N;INS;SG;polish
kubański	kubańskimi	ADJ;INS;PL;polish
basen	basen	N;ACC;SG;polish
pożar	pożarze	N;VOC;SG;polish
wyrażenie	wyrażenie	N;ACC;SG;polish
poeta	poeta	N;NOM;SG;polish
pot	potom	N;DAT;PL;polish
gasić	gasiłby	V;COND;3;SG;MASC;polish
pokazać	pokazałaby	V;COND;3;SG;FEM;polish
kelwin	kelwinach	N;ESS;PL;polish
szybki	szybkie	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
orzechowy	orzechowemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
dręczyć	będą dręczyli	V;FUT;3;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
stadion	stadionem	N;INS;SG;polish
oddawać	oddawałabyś	V;COND;2;SG;FEM;polish
biało-czerwony	biało-czerwonymi	ADJ;INS;PL;polish
najodmienniejszy	najodmienniejszej	ADJ;FEM;GEN;SG;polish
harować	będziesz harował	V;FUT;2;SG;MASC;polish
obserwatorium	obserwatorium	N;DAT;SG;polish
homograf	homografami	N;INS;PL;polish
rożeniec	rożeniec	N;NOM;SG;polish
laser	laserem	N;INS;SG;polish
wyżyna	wyżyny	N;ACC;PL;polish
zakochać się	zakochałem	V;PST;1;SG;MASC;polish
karać	karałoby	V;COND;3;SG;NEUT;polish
wybitny	wybitnej	ADJ;FEM;ESS;SG;polish
błędny	błędnym	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;polish
uważać	uważałbym	V;COND;1;SG;MASC;polish
kominek	kominek	N;NOM;SG;polish
płyta	płytami	N;INS;PL;polish
grono	grono	N;VOC;SG;polish
płaski	płaskiego	ADJ;MASC;ANIM;ACC;SG;polish
chłopak	chłopakowi	N;DAT;SG;polish
wpływać	będzie wpływało	V;FUT;3;SG;NEUT;polish
arystokrata	arystokratami	N;INS;PL;polish
kraść	będę kradł	V;FUT;1;SG;MASC;polish
ujemny	ujemnym	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
inflacja	inflacje	N;NOM;PL;polish
potencjalny	potencjalnej	ADJ;FEM;GEN;SG;polish
krzyk	krzyku	N;GEN;SG;polish
przygotować	przygotowani	V.PTCP;PST;PASS;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
podchodzić	będziemy podchodziły	V;FUT;1;PL;polish
przeziębienie	przeziębieniami	N;INS;PL;polish
październik	październików	N;GEN;PL;polish
ćwiczyć	ćwiczyła	V;PST;3;SG;FEM;polish
obrót	obrotów	N;GEN;PL;polish
legion	legion	N;ACC;SG;polish
szklarnia	szklarni	N;ESS;SG;polish
bluza	bluzy	N;GEN;SG;polish
kompakt	kompakt	N;ACC;SG;polish
zbożowy	zbożowi	ADJ;MASC;HUM;NOM;PL;polish
zamożny	zamożnego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
walizka	walizki	N;GEN;SG;polish
jedyny	jedynej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
kwestionować	kwestionująca	V.PTCP;PST;ACT;SG;FEM;polish
wiśniowy	wiśniowej	ADJ;FEM;GEN;SG;polish
błotniak	błotniaku	N;VOC;SG;polish
cesarski	cesarskiej	ADJ;FEM;ESS;SG;polish
masochista	masochiści	N;NOM;PL;polish
tajny	tajna	ADJ;FEM;NOM;SG;polish
bezbarwny	bezbarwne	ADJ;NOM;PL;polish
sypać	będziecie sypały	V;FUT;2;PL;polish
lipny	lipną	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;polish
żytni	żytnie	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
wyrzucić	wyrzucił	V;PST;3;SG;MASC;polish
bufon	bufonie	N;VOC;SG;polish
egzystencja	egzystencji	N;ESS;SG;polish
ogier	ogierem	N;INS;SG;polish
szalet	szaletom	N;DAT;PL;polish
afiks	afiksy	N;ACC;PL;polish
doświadczenie	doświadczenie	N;ACC;SG;polish
kruchy	kruchy	ADJ;MASC;INAN;ACC;SG;polish
mieszać	mieszaliby	V;COND;3;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
ciasny	ciasnych	ADJ;GEN;PL;polish
aukcja	aukcje	N;VOC;PL;polish
biustonosz	biustonosze	N;ACC;PL;polish
bezgrzeszny	bezgrzesznego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
tracić	tracisz	V;PRS;2;SG;polish
zdrajczyni	zdrajczyniach	N;ESS;PL;polish
tajemnica	tajemnice	N;NOM;PL;polish
aktywniejszy	aktywniejszy	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
paliwo	paliwom	N;DAT;PL;polish
przeciętny	przeciętnym	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;polish
helisa	helisie	N;DAT;SG;polish
najlżejszy	najlżejszym	ADJ;DAT;PL;polish
waszmość	waszmości	N;DAT;SG;polish
gotować	gotowałby	V;COND;3;SG;MASC;polish
wysiąść	wysiadło	V;PST;3;SG;NEUT;polish
żyła	żyłach	N;ESS;PL;polish
cisowy	cisowe	ADJ;ACC;PL;polish
dany	dane	ADJ;NEUT;ACC;SG;polish
chwiać	będą chwiali	V;FUT;3;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
sejsmiczny	sejsmiczne	ADJ;ACC;PL;polish
karambol	karambolach	N;ESS;PL;polish
szminka	szminka	N;NOM;SG;polish
płeć	płci	N;ESS;SG;polish
konkurować	będziemy konkurowali	V;FUT;1;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
wyższy	wyższemu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;polish
potop	potop	N;ACC;SG;polish
klasycystyczny	klasycystycznym	ADJ;MASC;ESS;SG;polish
żagiel	żagli	N;GEN;PL;polish
płaszczka	płaszczkach	N;ESS;PL;polish
nieuczciwy	nieuczciwe	ADJ;NEUT;ACC;SG;polish
całować	całowałbyś	V;COND;2;SG;MASC;polish
rozmowny	rozmownym	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
kompost	kompostach	N;ESS;PL;polish
wiosenny	wiosennemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
granatowiec	granatowcu	N;ESS;SG;polish
aglomeracja	aglomeracjami	N;INS;PL;polish
opisywać	opisywana	V.PTCP;PST;PASS;SG;FEM;polish
nienasycony	nienasyconych	ADJ;GEN;PL;polish
różdżka	różdżkach	N;ESS;PL;polish
gość	gości	N;ACC;PL;polish
haki	haki	N;NOM;SG;polish
samolubny	samolubne	ADJ;ACC;PL;polish
nałóg	nałogami	N;INS;PL;polish
monolog	monologach	N;ESS;PL;polish
najregularniejszy	najregularniejsi	ADJ;MASC;HUM;NOM;PL;polish
złapać	złapałoby	V;COND;3;SG;NEUT;polish
lojalny	lojalny	ADJ;MASC;INAN;ACC;SG;polish
dzida	dzidą	N;INS;SG;polish
kleić	klei	V;PRS;3;SG;polish
menuet	menuety	N;VOC;PL;polish
mykologia	mykologią	N;INS;SG;polish
hamować	hamowalibyście	V;COND;2;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
tenisistka	tenisistkach	N;ESS;PL;polish
przygotować	przygotowaliśmy	V;PST;1;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
histeryczny	histerycznymi	ADJ;INS;PL;polish
odwiedzać	odwiedzacie	V;PRS;2;PL;polish
okolicznik	okoliczniki	N;ACC;PL;polish
oglądać	będzie oglądała	V;FUT;3;SG;FEM;polish
peron	perony	N;NOM;PL;polish
najczarniejszy	najczarniejszą	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;polish
guglać	guglałby	V;COND;3;SG;MASC;polish
poniedziałek	poniedziałki	N;NOM;PL;polish
aliteracyjny	aliteracyjne	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
kuźnia	kuźni	N;DAT;SG;polish
lina	liny	N;NOM;PL;polish
myć	myta	V.PTCP;PST;PASS;SG;FEM;polish
slawistyczny	slawistycznych	ADJ;GEN;PL;polish
tolerancja	tolerancji	N;GEN;SG;polish
fonetyczny	fonetycznymi	ADJ;INS;PL;polish
zlewozmywak	zlewozmywakowi	N;DAT;SG;polish
skuter	skuterowi	N;DAT;SG;polish
bytomski	bytomskim	ADJ;MASC;ESS;SG;polish
językoznawca	językoznawcy	N;ACC;PL;polish
kosztować	kosztuj	V;IMP;2;SG;polish
psychoterapeutka	psychoterapeutko	N;VOC;SG;polish
łabędź	łabędzia	N;ACC;SG;polish
Żyd	Żyda	N;ACC;SG;polish
ranny	rannej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
grosz	groszy	N;GEN;PL;polish
mulczować	mulczowałeś	V;PST;2;SG;MASC;polish
absorbować	niech absorbuje	V;IMP;3;SG;polish
sójka	sójko	N;VOC;SG;polish
posłaniec	posłańców	N;ACC;PL;polish
linieć	liniałby	V;COND;3;SG;MASC;polish
portugalski	portugalską	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;polish
spragniony	spragnionego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
komenda	komendami	N;INS;PL;polish
wybrać	wybrano	V.PTCP;PST;PASS;polish
geograficzny	geograficznej	ADJ;FEM;GEN;SG;polish
hawajski	hawajską	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;polish
nauczyciel	nauczycielem	N;INS;SG;polish
atakować	będziesz atakował	V;FUT;2;SG;MASC;polish
absorbować	absorbowałoby	V;COND;3;SG;NEUT;polish
zaczynać	zaczynałabyś	V;COND;2;SG;FEM;polish
sanskrycki	sanskyccy	ADJ;MASC;HUM;NOM;PL;polish
bawełniany	bawełniany	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
ficzer	ficzeru	N;GEN;SG;polish
hipopotam	hipopotama	N;ACC;SG;polish
wspominać	będzie wspominał	V;FUT;3;SG;MASC;polish
zaiwanić	zaiwańcie	V;IMP;2;PL;polish
trzebić	trzebiąca	V.PTCP;PST;ACT;SG;FEM;polish
imponować	imponować	V;NFIN;polish
identyfikować	identyfikowałbyś	V;COND;2;SG;MASC;polish
tępy	tępego	ADJ;MASC;ANIM;ACC;SG;polish
posłuchać	posłuchajmy	V;IMP;1;PL;polish
gramofon	gramofonie	N;ESS;SG;polish
włączać	będziecie włączali	V;FUT;2;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
powiat	powiatowi	N;DAT;SG;polish
feniks	feniksy	N;VOC;PL;polish
kruchszy	kruchszemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
łaźnia	łaźnie	N;NOM;PL;polish
aptekarski	aptekarskiego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
robocizna	robocizn	N;GEN;PL;polish
zajęty	zajętej	ADJ;FEM;ESS;SG;polish
jednoręki	jednoręka	ADJ;FEM;NOM;SG;polish
majonez	majonezowi	N;DAT;SG;polish
zwięzły	zwięzłą	ADJ;FEM;INS;SG;polish
kadm	kadmie	N;VOC;SG;polish
jesionowy	jesionowym	ADJ;MASC;ESS;SG;polish
kuwejcki	kuwejckiemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
nazwa	nazw	N;GEN;PL;polish
wisieć	wisiałaś	V;PST;2;SG;FEM;polish
lewicowy	lewicowym	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;polish
klękać	klękałoby	V;COND;3;SG;NEUT;polish
karykatura	karykaturach	N;ESS;PL;polish
siusiać	siusia	V;PRS;3;SG;polish
dochód	dochodzie	N;ESS;SG;polish
opróżnić	opróżniłyśmy	V;PST;1;PL;polish
występować	występowałybyśmy	V;COND;1;PL;polish
zniknąć	zniknę	V;FUT;1;SG;polish
pokrywać	będziesz pokrywał	V;FUT;2;SG;MASC;polish
esemesować	esemesujecie	V;PRS;2;PL;polish
masturbowanie	masturbowaniem	N;INS;SG;polish
prędkość	prędkościami	N;INS;PL;polish
rafa	rafom	N;DAT;PL;polish
zegar	zegarze	N;VOC;SG;polish
czarodziej	czarodzieje	N;VOC;PL;polish
perz	perzy	N;GEN;PL;polish
połknąć	połknęłabyś	V;COND;2;SG;FEM;polish
optyka	optyki	N;GEN;SG;polish
amazonit	amazonit	N;NOM;SG;polish
metafizyczny	metafizycznym	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
pochodzić	pochodziłabym	V;COND;1;SG;FEM;polish
kos	kosy	N;VOC;PL;polish
grzebać	grzebana	V.PTCP;PST;PASS;SG;FEM;polish
katabas	katabasów	N;ACC;PL;polish
urodzić	urodziłby	V;COND;3;SG;MASC;polish
kolchicyna	kolchicyno	N;VOC;SG;polish
mrugać	mrugałaby	V;COND;3;SG;FEM;polish
kalkulator	kalkulatory	N;ACC;PL;polish
najzabawniejszy	najzabawniejszy	ADJ;MASC;INAN;ACC;SG;polish
śmieci	śmieciami	N;INS;SG;polish
świński	świńskiego	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;SG;polish
niewiadomy	niewiadome	ADJ;NOM;PL;polish
skon	skonu	N;GEN;SG;polish
perski	perska	ADJ;FEM;NOM;SG;polish
najchłodniejszy	najchłodniejszego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
pędzić	będziecie pędzili	V;FUT;2;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
rada	rady	N;VOC;PL;polish
wykonywalny	wykonywalny	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
wózek widłowy	wózkach widłowych	N;ESS;PL;polish
spalacja	spalacjo	N;VOC;SG;polish
kumać	kumaliby	V;COND;3;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
katowicki	katowickim	ADJ;DAT;PL;polish
hart	hart	N;NOM;SG;polish
oracz	oraczu	N;ESS;SG;polish
zakładać	zakładałem	V;PST;1;SG;MASC;polish
cesarzowa	cesarzowe	N;ACC;PL;polish
patriotka	patriotką	N;INS;SG;polish
liberyjski	liberyjskie	ADJ;ACC;PL;polish
kram	kramów	N;GEN;PL;polish
rzygać	rzygajcie	V;IMP;2;PL;polish
jad	jadowi	N;DAT;SG;polish
muzyk	muzyka	N;ACC;SG;polish
służba	służbami	N;INS;PL;polish
monarchia	monarchiom	N;DAT;PL;polish
trawnik	trawnikach	N;ESS;PL;polish
kaledoński	kaledońskimi	ADJ;INS;PL;polish
stalagmit	stalagmitu	N;GEN;SG;polish
chłodniejszy	chłodniejszych	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;PL;polish
car	carowie	N;VOC;PL;polish
znikać	znikałby	V;COND;3;SG;MASC;polish
prezes	prezesie	N;VOC;SG;polish
wierzbowy	wierzbowego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
klęska	klęsk	N;GEN;PL;polish
najgęstszy	najgęstszym	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;polish
czekan	czekany	N;VOC;PL;polish
Marsjanin	Marsjanie	N;VOC;PL;polish
ciekły	ciekłym	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;polish
towarzyski	towarzyscy	ADJ;MASC;HUM;NOM;PL;polish
najpóźniejszy	najpóźniejszego	ADJ;MASC;ANIM;ACC;SG;polish
gotowy	gotowy	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
srajtaśma	srajtaśmy	N;VOC;PL;polish
liszka	liszek	N;GEN;PL;polish
graniastosłup	graniastosłupie	N;VOC;SG;polish
przysięgać	będziemy przysięgali	V;FUT;1;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
rżeć	rżałabym	V;COND;1;SG;FEM;polish
krasny	krasnego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
prędkość	prędkością	N;INS;SG;polish
drop	dropiem	N;INS;SG;polish
pieczarkowy	pieczarkowe	ADJ;NOM;PL;polish
golić	golimy	V;PRS;1;PL;polish
pleśń	pleśni	N;DAT;SG;polish
mącznica	mącznicy	N;GEN;SG;polish
znośny	znośnemu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;polish
krzyż	krzyże	N;NOM;PL;polish
terytorium	terytoriom	N;DAT;PL;polish
wyszukiwarka	wyszukiwarek	N;GEN;PL;polish
pamiętać	będą pamiętali	V;FUT;3;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
konkretniejszy	konkretniejszego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
ratrak	ratrak	N;NOM;SG;polish
bicie piany	biciu piany	N;ESS;SG;polish
laptop	laptopie	N;VOC;SG;polish
ciekły	ciekłe	ADJ;NOM;PL;polish
higieniczny	higienicznemu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;polish
skarbonka	skarbonką	N;INS;SG;polish
szyna	szyna	N;NOM;SG;polish
gromadzić	gromadź	V;IMP;2;SG;polish
odbijać	odbijano	V.PTCP;PST;PASS;polish
drzewo rozpinające	drzew rozpinających	N;GEN;PL;polish
widelczyk	widelczyku	N;ESS;SG;polish
mięknąć	miękliśmy	V;PST;1;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
interes	interesem	N;INS;SG;polish
wykitować	wykitują	V;FUT;3;PL;polish
cyrkiel	cyrkle	N;NOM;PL;polish
oszukiwać	będziemy oszukiwały	V;FUT;1;PL;polish
atlas	atlasowi	N;DAT;SG;polish
zazdrościć	zazdrościłam	V;PST;1;SG;FEM;polish
undekan	undekany	N;ACC;PL;polish
najzwięźlejszy	najzwięźlejszy	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
koić	kójmy	V;IMP;1;PL;polish
izotop	izotopu	N;GEN;SG;polish
elfi	elfie	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
kwilić	kwililiście	V;PST;2;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
barbarzyński	barbarzyńskie	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
zgrzebło	zgrzebła	N;NOM;PL;polish
najpoprawniejszy	najpoprawniejszej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
skorupka	skorupka	N;NOM;SG;polish
teściowa	teściowych	N;ESS;PL;polish
bransoleta	bransoletami	N;INS;PL;polish
liściasty	liściastych	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;PL;polish
przyjemniejszy	przyjemniejsze	ADJ;NEUT;ACC;SG;polish
uboższy	uboższe	ADJ;NEUT;ACC;SG;polish
najtrwalszy	najtrwalszą	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;polish
wyć	wyłaby	V;COND;3;SG;FEM;polish
heksametr	heksametrze	N;ESS;SG;polish
nieruchomość	nieruchomości	N;VOC;SG;polish
edykt	edyktom	N;DAT;PL;polish
klawesyn	klawesynów	N;GEN;PL;polish
numerować	będzie numerowała	V;FUT;3;SG;FEM;polish
kieliszek	kieliszkiem	N;INS;SG;polish
najaktywniejszy	najaktywniejszym	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;polish
garaż	garażami	N;INS;PL;polish
więzień	więźniu	N;ESS;SG;polish
chłopiec	chłopca	N;GEN;SG;polish
kark	karki	N;NOM;PL;polish
golfista	golfistami	N;INS;PL;polish
najwonniejszy	najwonniejszemu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;polish
ekstrakt	ekstraktowi	N;DAT;SG;polish
dezoksyrybonukleinowy	dezoksyrybonukleinową	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;polish
wypadek	wypadki	N;VOC;PL;polish
rozważać	niech rozważa	V;IMP;3;SG;polish
pośredni	pośrednim	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;polish
hodowla	hodowlom	N;DAT;PL;polish
różdżka	różdżką	N;INS;SG;polish
nagły przypadek	nagłych przypadkach	N;ESS;PL;polish
fizyczny	fizycznej	ADJ;FEM;ESS;SG;polish
granatowy	granatowemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
cukier	cukry	N;NOM;PL;polish
nurkować	nurkowałem	V;PST;1;SG;MASC;polish
pokład	pokładzie	N;ESS;SG;polish
wieprz	wieprze	N;VOC;PL;polish
kaukaski	kaukaskiego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
humorystyczny	humorystyczny	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
koreański	koreańskich	ADJ;GEN;PL;polish
kujon	kujona	N;ACC;SG;polish
rzemieślnik	rzemieślników	N;ACC;PL;polish
kompas	kompasom	N;DAT;PL;polish
klęczeć	klęczeliby	V;COND;3;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
nękać	nękałyście	V;PST;2;PL;polish
soból	sobolu	N;VOC;SG;polish
gąska	gąski	N;NOM;PL;polish
rasistowski	rasistowskiemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
majeranek	majeranki	N;ACC;PL;polish
kuriozum	kuriozum	N;GEN;SG;polish
modlić się	modlenie	V.MSDR;polish
sportowy	sportowego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
kartograficzny	kartograficznym	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;polish
potrzebny	potrzebni	ADJ;MASC;HUM;NOM;PL;polish
strusi	strusiej	ADJ;FEM;GEN;SG;polish
najpróżniejszy	najpróżniejszemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
start	startów	N;GEN;PL;polish
odwiedzać	będziesz odwiedzała	V;FUT;2;SG;FEM;polish
ziarno	ziarnami	N;INS;PL;polish
oracz	oracz	N;NOM;SG;polish
obrazić	obrazisz	V;FUT;2;SG;polish
umyć się	umyjcie	V;IMP;2;PL;polish
założyć	niech zakładam	V;IMP;1;SG;polish
przodkini	przodkinię	N;ACC;SG;polish
piszczeć	piszczę	V;PRS;1;SG;polish
wolt	woltów	N;GEN;PL;polish
żałosny	żałosnego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
szalet	szaletowi	N;DAT;SG;polish
poić	poiłabym	V;COND;1;SG;FEM;polish
montażysta	montażysty	N;GEN;SG;polish
watykański	watykańskiemu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;polish
wertykalny	wertykalną	ADJ;FEM;INS;SG;polish
ogarniać	ogarniające	V.PTCP;PST;ACT;SG;NEUT;polish
krzywy	krzywego	ADJ;MASC;ANIM;ACC;SG;polish
sława	sław	N;GEN;PL;polish
owoc	owoców	N;GEN;PL;polish
kolekcjonować	kolekcjonuj	V;IMP;2;SG;polish
załącznik	załącznikami	N;INS;PL;polish
żyła	żyle	N;ESS;SG;polish
przeczytanie	przeczytaniu	N;DAT;SG;polish
kierować się	kierowaliśmy	V;PST;1;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
siarczan	siarczanie	N;ESS;SG;polish
nosowy	nosowe	ADJ;NEUT;ACC;SG;polish
szkodnik	szkodnik	N;NOM;SG;polish
argentyński	argentyńskim	ADJ;MASC;ESS;SG;polish
zimozielony	zimozieloną	ADJ;FEM;INS;SG;polish
spirodela	spirodelę	N;ACC;SG;polish
Rzymianin	Rzymianina	N;GEN;SG;polish
katarski	katarskim	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;polish
bierzmowanie	bierzmowanie	N;VOC;SG;polish
potok	potokom	N;DAT;PL;polish
pojmować	będę pojmował	V;FUT;1;SG;MASC;polish
ekranizacja	ekranizacji	N;GEN;SG;polish
abiturient	abiturientom	N;DAT;PL;polish
kroić	kroiłybyśmy	V;COND;1;PL;polish
budzić	budzące	V.PTCP;PST;ACT;PL;polish
gwiezdny	gwiezdnego	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;SG;polish
radło	radła	N;VOC;PL;polish
oskarżać	oskarżałabym	V;COND;1;SG;FEM;polish
zauważyć	zauważyłybyście	V;COND;2;PL;polish
wiosłować	będzie wiosłowało	V;FUT;3;SG;NEUT;polish
najwilgotniejszy	najwilgotniejsza	ADJ;FEM;NOM;SG;polish
fag	fagi	N;NOM;PL;polish
szkoła	szkole	N;ESS;SG;polish
najtańszy	najtańszym	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;polish
golonka	golonki	N;ACC;PL;polish
dowód	dowody	N;VOC;PL;polish
zawrzeć	zawarty	V.CVB;PST;polish
angielski	angielskich	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;PL;polish
gasić	będziecie gasiły	V;FUT;2;PL;polish
przynosić	przynosiła	V;PST;3;SG;FEM;polish
gawron	gawronowi	N;DAT;SG;polish
kołnierz	kołnierzu	N;VOC;SG;polish
gdański	gdańskim	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
sołectwo	sołectwie	N;ESS;SG;polish
kaczę	kaczęciem	N;INS;SG;polish
hydrauliczny	hydraulicznego	ADJ;MASC;ANIM;ACC;SG;polish
zbiegać	zbiegać	V;NFIN;polish
symulacja	symulacje	N;NOM;PL;polish
hawajski	hawajskimi	ADJ;INS;PL;polish
ateusz	ateusza	N;GEN;SG;polish
tensorowy	tensorowe	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
język migowy	język migowy	N;ACC;SG;polish
strusi	strusim	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
czuć	czując	V.CVB;polish
poziomy	poziomego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
siejba	siejbę	N;ACC;SG;polish
wdychać	wdychane	V.PTCP;PST;PASS;PL;polish
krzak	krzaki	N;VOC;PL;polish
nachrapnik	nachrapnik	N;ACC;SG;polish
arsenian	arsenianami	N;INS;PL;polish
orzeł	orle	N;ESS;SG;polish
atakować	niech atakują	V;IMP;3;PL;polish
lira	liro	N;VOC;SG;polish
sapać	będą sapały	V;FUT;3;PL;polish
proporzec	proporzec	N;ACC;SG;polish
ciemnożółty	ciemnożółtych	ADJ;ESS;PL;polish
olszowy	olszowy	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
najpyszniejszy	najpyszniejszego	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;SG;polish
sumienie	sumień	N;GEN;PL;polish
majówka	majówka	N;NOM;SG;polish
mizeria	mizeriom	N;DAT;PL;polish
żelazko	żelazko	N;VOC;SG;polish
legar	legara	N;GEN;SG;polish
kusić	kusiłyśmy	V;PST;1;PL;polish
stopień	stopień	N;NOM;SG;polish
wysyłać	wysyłałeś	V;PST;2;SG;MASC;polish
przytulić	przytuliłem	V;PST;1;SG;MASC;polish
język migowy	języku migowy	N;VOC;SG;polish
teista	teiści	N;NOM;PL;polish
abecadło	abecadle	N;ESS;SG;polish
wyżerka	wyżerkami	N;INS;PL;polish
wyłudzić	wyłudziłem	V;PST;1;SG;MASC;polish
czyścić	czyściłem	V;PST;1;SG;MASC;polish
działanie	działania	N;ACC;PL;polish
gigantyczny	gigantycznego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
gastrofaza	gastrofazie	N;DAT;SG;polish
burnus	burnusie	N;VOC;SG;polish
dawać	dawałby	V;COND;3;SG;MASC;polish
chełpić się	będą chełpiły	V;FUT;3;PL;polish
piesek	piesku	N;VOC;SG;polish
urlop macierzyński	urlopie macierzyńskim	N;ESS;SG;polish
żywy	żywe	ADJ;ACC;PL;polish
napisać	napisał	V;PST;3;SG;MASC;polish
najspokojniejszy	najspokojniejszą	ADJ;FEM;INS;SG;polish
syrena	syren	N;GEN;PL;polish
afrykański	afrykańskiej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
dziennik	dziennik	N;NOM;SG;polish
dziecięcy	dziecięcymi	ADJ;INS;PL;polish
stomatolog	stomatolodzy	N;VOC;PL;polish
cukiereczek	cukiereczek	N;ACC;SG;polish
łososiowy	łososiowej	ADJ;FEM;GEN;SG;polish
postęp	postępie	N;ESS;SG;polish
kościelny	kościelnego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
popielniczka	popielniczce	N;ESS;SG;polish
gdyński	gdyńskiej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
miauczeć	miauczący	V.PTCP;PST;ACT;SG;MASC;polish
jaśminowiec	jaśminowcach	N;ESS;PL;polish
dodać	dodałyśmy	V;PST;1;PL;polish
patriarchat	patriarchacie	N;ESS;SG;polish
różyczka	różyczkom	N;DAT;PL;polish
sęp	sępy	N;VOC;PL;polish
pępek	pępków	N;GEN;PL;polish
elegancki	eleganckie	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
MacBook	MacBook	N;NOM;SG;polish
tuleja	tulei	N;DAT;SG;polish
męski	męskiej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
symulować	będziesz symulowała	V;FUT;2;SG;FEM;polish
czarnawy	czarnawemu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;polish
sfera	sferach	N;ESS;PL;polish
brama	bram	N;GEN;PL;polish
częstszy	częstszą	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;polish
najciemniejszy	najciemniejszego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
bóstwo	bóstwie	N;ESS;SG;polish
indoeuropejski	indoeuropejskie	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
kielich	kielichu	N;VOC;SG;polish
tonąć	tonie	V;PRS;3;SG;polish
rzemieślnik	rzemieślnika	N;GEN;SG;polish
czerpać	czerpało	V;PST;3;SG;NEUT;polish
krzew	krzew	N;ACC;SG;polish
brzydki	brzydkim	ADJ;DAT;PL;polish
jaskinia	jaskinia	N;NOM;SG;polish
rozmyślać	rozmyślające	V.PTCP;PST;ACT;SG;NEUT;polish
nauka	nauce	N;ESS;SG;polish
schorzenie	schorzeniu	N;DAT;SG;polish
plomba	plomby	N;NOM;PL;polish
uczyć	uczyłoby	V;COND;3;SG;NEUT;polish
odwzajemnić	odwzajemniłyśmy	V;PST;1;PL;polish
cnotka	cnotki	N;ACC;PL;polish
owies	owsami	N;INS;PL;polish
najchciwszy	najchciwszych	ADJ;ESS;PL;polish
prozaiczny	prozaiczne	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
dosłowny	dosłownemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
brutalniejszy	brutalniejszej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
adwent	adwenty	N;VOC;PL;polish
najczerwieńszy	najczerwieńsi	ADJ;MASC;HUM;NOM;PL;polish
eksportować	eksportowałem	V;PST;1;SG;MASC;polish
Węgierka	Węgierkach	N;ESS;PL;polish
szałamaja	szałamaje	N;VOC;PL;polish
egoista	egoistom	N;DAT;PL;polish
wybuchnąć	niech wybuchnę	V;IMP;1;SG;polish
estetyzm	estetyzmem	N;INS;SG;polish
hawajski	hawajskim	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;polish
płaz	płazie	N;ESS;SG;polish
wykopać	wykopałybyśmy	V;COND;1;PL;polish
bluzgać	bluzgająca	V.PTCP;PST;ACT;SG;FEM;polish
nazizm	nazizm	N;ACC;SG;polish
beżowy	beżowej	ADJ;FEM;ESS;SG;polish
rodzić	rodziłybyście	V;COND;2;PL;polish
niepotrzebny	niepotrzebnych	ADJ;ESS;PL;polish
dola	dole	N;VOC;PL;polish
brukselka	brukselkach	N;ESS;PL;polish
mniejszość	mniejszość	N;NOM;SG;polish
bagażnik	bagażnik	N;NOM;SG;polish
smutać	smuta	V;PRS;3;SG;polish
konopia	konopi	N;GEN;PL;polish
najcieplejszy	najcieplejszego	ADJ;MASC;HUM;ACC;SG;polish
olej	olejom	N;DAT;PL;polish
jod	jod	N;NOM;SG;polish
zerkać	zerkanie	V.MSDR;polish
przyspieszenie	przyspieszenie	N;ACC;SG;polish
akupunktura	akupunkturach	N;ESS;PL;polish
pokrywać	będziemy pokrywały	V;FUT;1;PL;polish
licho	licho	N;ACC;SG;polish
fruwać	będziemy fruwały	V;FUT;1;PL;polish
szafiarka	szafiarki	N;NOM;PL;polish
serwer	serwerom	N;DAT;PL;polish
ufać	będę ufał	V;FUT;1;SG;MASC;polish
mezuza	mezuz	N;GEN;PL;polish
esencjonalny	esencjonalne	ADJ;ACC;PL;polish
najrychlejszy	najrychlejszej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
edykt	edykty	N;ACC;PL;polish
wybierać	wybieraliby	V;COND;3;PL;MASC;HUM;polish
początek	początki	N;ACC;PL;polish
więdnąć	więdnęłyście	V;PST;2;PL;polish
ekwilibrystyka	ekwilibrystyki	N;VOC;PL;polish
przypominać	przypominałoby	V;COND;3;SG;NEUT;polish
paszcza	paszczo	N;VOC;SG;polish
syn	synu	N;ESS;SG;polish
krzyk mody	krzy mody	N;ACC;SG;polish
krymski	krymskiej	ADJ;FEM;GEN;SG;polish
tampon	tamponem	N;INS;SG;polish
trwanie	trwania	N;GEN;SG;polish
Cezar	Cezarom	N;DAT;PL;polish
rurociąg	rurociągi	N;ACC;PL;polish
bezdzietny	bezdzietne	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;polish
pilniejszy	pilniejszych	ADJ;GEN;PL;polish
puszczalski	puszczalskiego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
intensywny	intensywnego	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;polish
bezsenny	bezsennemu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;polish
niesienie	niesienie	N;VOC;SG;polish
brazylijski	brazylijski	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;polish
karoseria	karoserie	N;ACC;PL;polish
swobodny	swobodnego	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;polish
brutalniejszy	brutalniejszym	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;polish
kredyt hipoteczny	kredytom hipotecznym	N;DAT;PL;polish
rzepa	rzepa	N;NOM;SG;polish
dotykać	będę dotykał	V;FUT;1;SG;MASC;polish
bak	bakiem	N;INS;SG;polish
najrozumniejszy	najrozumniejszej	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;polish
suszarka	suszarką	N;INS;SG;polish
nadczłowiek	nadczłowieku	N;ESS;SG;polish
północnokoreański	północnokoreańską	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;polish
hydrofitologia	hydrofitologio	N;VOC;SG;polish
