sprijateljiti	sprijateljit će	V;FUT;3;SG;serbo-croatian
malodušan	malodušnijim	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
avestički	avestičkima	ADJ;FEM;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
uverljiv	najuverljivijega	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
tih	tihima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
profitabilan	najprofitabilnijega	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
resiti	bude resio	V;FUT;3;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
poletjeti	poletiš	V;PRS;2;SG;serbo-croatian
sveukupan	sveukupnu	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
nebrojen	nebrojene	ADJ;DEF;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
literaran	literarna	ADJ;INDF;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
hvastav	hvastave	ADJ;DEF;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
intiman	intimnoj	ADJ;INDF;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
harmoničan	najharmoničnijemu	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
besavjestan	besavjesnija	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
naljutiti	naljutili biste	V;COND;2;PL;serbo-croatian
kratkovalni	kratkovalna	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
obzir	obzire	N;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
đerdek	đerdecima	N;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
papirnat	papirnatim	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
opširan	opširnijom	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
krvaviti	krvavljaše	V;PROG;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
zlurad	najzluradijih	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
obrezivati	budeš obrezivao	V;FUT;2;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
konsekutivan	konsekutivnu	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
dozvoliti	dozvolio bi	V;COND;3;SG;serbo-croatian
besplatan	besplatni	ADJ;INDF;MASC;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
bezglasan	bezglasnima	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
sazrevati	sazrevat će	V;FUT;3;SG;serbo-croatian
napast	napast	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
palež	palež	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
ogroman	ogromnima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
šmrk	šmȓk	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
familija	familiji	N;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
ništavan	ništavnima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
devin	devin	ADJ;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
direktan	direktnome	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
izdašan	najizdašnijima	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
sprijateljivati	sprijateljivali su	V;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
otegotan	otegotan	ADJ;INDF;MASC;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
zastrijeti	bili biste zastrli	V;COND;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
anakroničan	anakronična	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
ukoravati	ukoravaj	V;IMP;2;SG;serbo-croatian
neiskren	neiskrenima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
slavenski	slavenske	ADJ;FEM;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
skršiti	skršili su	V;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
uzviknuti	bio si uzviknuo	V;PRF;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
oronuo	najoronuliji	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
potkrijepiti	bili smo potkrijepili	V;PRF;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
obeščašćivati	obeščašćivali biste	V;COND;2;PL;serbo-croatian
obiman	obimnijima	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
abdomenski	abdomenskima	ADJ;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
usmeriti	usmerio sam	V;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
značajan	značajniji	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
izbljuvati	bio sam izbljuvao	V;PRF;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
istaknut	najistaknutiji	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
civiliziran	najciviliziranijemu	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
osjetan	najosjetniji	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
presenetiti	presenećen	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;SG;MASC;serbo-croatian
nesvestan	nesvesnu	ADJ;INDF;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
масиван	масиван	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
striptizeta	striptizete	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
brezov	brezovi	ADJ;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
oprezan	opreznima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
zadovoljan	zadovoljnih	ADJ;INDF;MASC;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
impresioniran	impresioniranomu	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
potkivati	potkivat ćemo	V;FUT;1;PL;serbo-croatian
šišati	šišat će	V;FUT;3;SG;serbo-croatian
proricati	proričemo	V;PRS;1;PL;serbo-croatian
analfabetski	analfabetskim	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
ironičan	ironičnija	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
tranša	tranše	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
odvažan	najodvažnijima	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
podmorničar	podmorničarom	N;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
brčkati	brčkah	V;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC2;serbo-croatian
rascjepljivati	bio bih rascjepljivao	V;COND;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
malešan	malešnu	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
zvocati	zvocahu	V;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC2;serbo-croatian
nesiguran	nesigurno	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
doktorirati	doktorira	V;PROG;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
darovati	darujmo	V;IMP;1;PL;serbo-croatian
uobičajen	najuobičajenija	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
dalmatski	dalmatski	ADJ;MASC;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
velikodušan	najvelikodušnijemu	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
čoban	čobanu	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
budaletina	budaletini	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
licemerka	licemerko	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
želeti	bili su želeli	V;PRF;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
razvrstavati	budete razvrstavali	V;FUT;2;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
napričati	napričaste	V;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC2;serbo-croatian
falset	falseta	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
bešćutan	bešćutnije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
abortirati	abortirali bi	V;COND;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
krašićki	krašićkima	ADJ;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
malešan	malešnima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
omaška	omaškama	N;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
oceanografija	oceanografiju	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
opulentan	opulentne	ADJ;DEF;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
zver	zveri	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
spaljivati	spaljivao bi	V;COND;2;SG;serbo-croatian
дјељив	дјељиви	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
umjeti	umio si	V;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
čovječan	čovječna	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
razdeljiv	razdeljivoj	ADJ;INDF;FEM;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
bolestan	bolesni	ADJ;DEF;MASC;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
popravljati	popravljali biste	V;COND;2;PL;serbo-croatian
tematski	tematska	ADJ;FEM;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
nekažnjiv	nekažnjivoga	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
okultan	okultne	ADJ;DEF;FEM;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
inherentan	inherentno	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
križišni	križišnima	ADJ;MASC;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
zrnat	zrnatima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
alijansa	alijanse	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
fluorescentan	fluorescentna	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
zloćudnost	zloćudnost	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
bogoslovac	bogoslovcu	N;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
razbludan	najrazbludnijega	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
filc	filče	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
razlikovati	razlikovaše	V;PROG;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
sramotiti	bio sam sramotio	V;PRF;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
izrasti	bili smo izrasli	V;PRF;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
pripisati	pripiše	V;PRS;3;SG;serbo-croatian
majkin	majkinima	ADJ;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
moderan	moderniji	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
pobeljivati	pobeljujmo	V;IMP;1;PL;serbo-croatian
ćorav	ćoravima	ADJ;DEF;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
časnica	časnici	N;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
preračunati	budemo preračunali	V;FUT;1;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
dostojan	dostojnih	ADJ;DEF;FEM;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
bezobrazan	bezobraznima	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
sljedeći	sljedećemu	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
krivudav	krivudavima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
dobacivati	dobacivat ću	V;FUT;1;SG;serbo-croatian
tupoglav	tupoglava	ADJ;DEF;FEM;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
prorađivati	budeš prorađivao	V;FUT;2;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
rešavati	bili bi rešavali	V;COND;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
magičan	magična	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
neobičan	neobičnijoj	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
dvorište	dvorište	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
sanjkati	bio je sanjkao	V;PRF;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
muslimanski	muslimanskoga	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
gerontologija	gerontologije	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
izgarati	izgarali su	V;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
uočiti	uočite	V;IMP;2;PL;serbo-croatian
svirati	svirao je	V;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
ažuran	ažurne	ADJ;DEF;FEM;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
kancerogen	najkancerogenija	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
tečan	najtečnijemu	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
septički	septičke	ADJ;FEM;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
uključiv	uključiva	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
hvaliti	hvaljasmo	V;PROG;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
anortit	anortitu	N;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
svemirski	svemirski	ADJ;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
sačuvati	bili biste sačuvali	V;COND;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
indoevropski	indoevropski	ADJ;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
genitivni	genitivne	ADJ;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
kobilji	kobiljoj	ADJ;FEM;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
paralaksa	paralakse	N;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
apatetičan	apatetičnijemu	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
zečji	zečjega	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
trijezan	najtrjezniji	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
nepoznanica	nepoznanice	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
shvatljiv	shvatljivima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
očajan	očajnima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
poželjan	poželjnijima	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
voljan	voljnom	ADJ;DEF;FEM;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
zacementirati	zacementiraj	V;IMP;2;SG;serbo-croatian
bezopasan	bezopasnijih	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
trpeljiv	trpeljivom	ADJ;INDF;FEM;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
anakroničan	najanakroničnijega	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
klimav	klimavima	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
sustajati	sustajat ćemo	V;FUT;1;PL;serbo-croatian
negovati	negovala	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;PL;NEUT;serbo-croatian
bezdušan	bezdušni	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
ruinirati	ruiniraše	V;PROG;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
dostupan	dostupniji	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
prekipeti	bio bi prekipeo	V;COND;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
slobodica	slobodice	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
tolerantan	tolerantnijima	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
širokogrudan	najširokogrudnije	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
termopilski	termopilskoj	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
sulud	suludih	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
uresiti	urešene	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;FEM;serbo-croatian
ratni	ratni	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
zaborav	zaborave	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
julski	julskoga	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
filtar	filtrima	N;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
animalan	animalnijima	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
kulturan	najkulturnijim	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
nakupljati	budemo nakupljali	V;FUT;1;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
koagulirati	bili smo koagulirali	V;PRF;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
pečat	pečate	N;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
širina	širine	N;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
pokretan	pokretnije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
zlonameran	zlonamernijima	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
kretati	budu kretali	V;FUT;3;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
duhovit	duhoviti	ADJ;INDF;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
fatum	fatuma	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
mračan	mračnih	ADJ;INDF;MASC;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
koherentan	koherentna	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
bulazniti	bulaznit ćeš	V;FUT;2;SG;serbo-croatian
zaredati	zaredao bih	V;COND;1;SG;serbo-croatian
mlak	najmlačoj	ADJ;SPRL;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
izopačivati	bili bismo izopačivali	V;COND;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
gužvati	gužvane	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;FEM;serbo-croatian
svući	svukli bi	V;COND;3;PL;serbo-croatian
traumatičan	traumatičniju	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
sinžir	sinžiru	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
snežan	snežno	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
iznenadan	iznenadnima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
ropkinja	ropkinja	N;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
рањив	рањивији	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
predvorje	predvorja	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
nonšalantan	nonšalantnijega	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
uzburkati	uzburkala	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;SG;FEM;serbo-croatian
mesnat	najmesnatija	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
kompromitirati	kompromitirala	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;NEUT;serbo-croatian
železnički	železnička	ADJ;NEUT;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
tetovirati	tetovirano	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;SG;NEUT;serbo-croatian
bilingvalan	bilingvalni	ADJ;INDF;MASC;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
alpski	alpska	ADJ;NEUT;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
adoptiran	adoptiranima	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
novembarski	novembarskomu	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
ushićen	ushićenijima	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
šparati	bio bih šparao	V;COND;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
lakovjeran	lakovjerni	ADJ;INDF;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
punoletan	punoletnih	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
kemijski	kemijski	ADJ;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
podudarnost	podudarnosti	N;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
proletarijat	proletarijáta	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
nenazočan	nenazočna	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
neorganski	neorganskima	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
jezgrovit	jezgrovitima	ADJ;INDF;FEM;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
zadubljivati	bio si zadubljivao	V;PRF;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
galantan	galantnijemu	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
snužden	snuždenije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
dobronameran	dobronamernijemu	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
zaprijeti	zapreš	V;PRS;2;SG;serbo-croatian
moćan	najmoćnijemu	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
uspostaviti	budu uspostavili	V;FUT;3;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
budan	budnije	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
neiscrpiv	neiscrpivi	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
poricati	poricali biste	V;COND;2;PL;serbo-croatian
zapasti	zapali bi	V;COND;3;PL;serbo-croatian
trohejski	trohejskima	ADJ;FEM;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
teizam	teizmima	N;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
zloćudan	zloćudni	ADJ;INDF;MASC;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
ruralan	ruralni	ADJ;INDF;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
udaljen	udaljenim	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
plutača	plutači	N;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
grepsti	grepst ćemo	V;FUT;1;PL;serbo-croatian
kropilo	kropilu	N;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
spiritualan	najspiritualnijih	ADJ;SPRL;FEM;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
nit	nitima	N;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
ganjati	ganja	V;PRS;3;SG;serbo-croatian
večit	večitoga	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
razuvjeriti	razuvjerena	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;NEUT;serbo-croatian
ponosan	ponosniji	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
krunisati	krunisat ćete	V;FUT;2;PL;serbo-croatian
klanjati	klanjali bi	V;COND;3;PL;serbo-croatian
bilur	bilure	N;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
crpsti	crpli	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;PL;MASC;serbo-croatian
opscen	opscenijom	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
nevažan	nevažnima	ADJ;DEF;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
čaroban	čarobnija	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
fragilan	fragilniji	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
upad	upad	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
crnokos	crnokose	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
klimakterijski	klimakterijske	ADJ;MASC;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
refren	refrene	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
narativan	narativnom	ADJ;DEF;FEM;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
apatetičan	apatetična	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
odmarati	budu odmarali	V;FUT;3;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
uvježbati	uvježbaj	V;IMP;2;SG;serbo-croatian
šteka	šteki	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
paroški	paroškima	ADJ;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
smrdljivak	smrdljívci	N;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
izbegavati	izbegavao je	V;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
hipokrit	hipokriti	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
cinizam	cinizmima	N;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
smeo	smelijoj	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
nesavestan	nesavesnije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
kasati	kasaše	V;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC2;serbo-croatian
janjeći	janjeće	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
osjetljiv	najosjetljivije	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
kritičan	kritičnije	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
prisiliti	prisilio bih	V;COND;1;SG;serbo-croatian
социјалан	социјалан	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
umetnički	umetničke	ADJ;FEM;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
induktivan	induktivnima	ADJ;INDF;FEM;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
napredovati	napredovasmo	V;PROG;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
sadržati	sadržali ste	V;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
beknuti	beknut ćeš	V;FUT;2;SG;serbo-croatian
ропски	ропски	ADJ;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
nepotreban	nepotrebnijega	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
špur	špurom	N;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
tajski	tajska	ADJ;FEM;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
ceniti	cenio sam	V;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
servilan	servilni	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
svećenik	svećenici	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
upravni	upravnima	ADJ;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
sudjelovati	bude sudjelovao	V;FUT;3;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
lokalan	lokalnom	ADJ;DEF;FEM;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
bajati	bio bi bajao	V;COND;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
plastičan	plastičnijima	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
otpiliti	otpiliše	V;PROG;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
procijeniti	bili biste procijenili	V;COND;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
inventivan	inventivnim	ADJ;DEF;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
konvencionalan	konvencionalnijima	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
uhoda	uhode	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
saksofonist	saksofonistima	N;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
promenjivati	bio je promenjivao	V;PRF;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
napraviti	napravi	V;IMP;2;SG;serbo-croatian
zahtevati	bili bi zahtevali	V;COND;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
razneživati	razneživasmo	V;PROG;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
iskren	iskrenijega	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
монолитан	најмонолитнији	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
onemogućavati	onemogućavao	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;SG;MASC;serbo-croatian
nadjačavati	budeš nadjačavao	V;FUT;2;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
odvažan	odvažnije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
iskakati	iskakao bih	V;COND;1;SG;serbo-croatian
gurati	bio sam gurao	V;PRF;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
teža	težama	N;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
prav	pravoj	ADJ;DEF;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
marljiv	najmarljiviji	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
gubiti	gubio sam	V;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
rascepati	rascepana	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;NEUT;serbo-croatian
iskititi	bili biste iskitili	V;COND;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
golobrad	golobradima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
dvorski	dvorsko	ADJ;NEUT;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
održiv	održivomu	ADJ;DEF;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
vitalan	vitalnijim	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
uobičajen	uobičajena	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
nacrtati	nacrtajmo	V;IMP;1;PL;serbo-croatian
skupocjen	najskupocjenija	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
austrougarski	austrougarskima	ADJ;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
uhvatiti	uhvatio je	V;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
rasteretiti	rasteretio bih	V;COND;1;SG;serbo-croatian
izviđati	izviđaše	V;PROG;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
impresioniran	impresioniranih	ADJ;DEF;MASC;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
razrešiv	razrešiva	ADJ;INDF;FEM;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
selektivan	selektivnih	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
nemoderan	nemodernoga	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
škrobiti	bili biste škrobili	V;COND;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
složen	složenoj	ADJ;DEF;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
podržati	podržao bi	V;COND;3;SG;serbo-croatian
španski	španskome	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
ukotviti	ukotvimo	V;IMP;1;PL;serbo-croatian
posao	poslove	N;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
napinjati	napinjat ćete	V;FUT;2;PL;serbo-croatian
skandalozan	skandaloznoj	ADJ;INDF;FEM;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
malouman	najmaloumnijim	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
beba	beba	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
trbušni	trbušne	ADJ;FEM;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
približan	približna	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
superlativan	superlativnih	ADJ;DEF;MASC;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
provokativan	provokativnoj	ADJ;INDF;FEM;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
tranzitivan	tranzitivnih	ADJ;DEF;FEM;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
napadnost	nápadnosti	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
ruševan	ruševnima	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
listopadski	listopadskih	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
ranjiv	ranjivima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
naučan	naučne	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
ruševan	najruševnijim	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
sputati	sputana	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;NEUT;serbo-croatian
крупан	крупни	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
psihijatrija	psihijatriju	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
luckast	luckastije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
kromirati	bio si kromirao	V;PRF;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
beograđanski	beograđanski	ADJ;MASC;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
zamaman	zamamnima	ADJ;DEF;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
miroljubiv	miroljubiva	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
budalast	budalastoj	ADJ;DEF;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
košarkaš	košarkaša	N;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
redovit	redovitijima	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
konzervativan	konzervativne	ADJ;DEF;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
haker	hakera	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
istovarivati	istovarivali smo	V;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
krupan	krupnijim	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
nadobudan	najnadobudnijima	ADJ;SPRL;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
aljkav	aljkavijega	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
podsećati	podsećajmo	V;IMP;1;PL;serbo-croatian
неискрен	неискрени	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
sukladan	sukladni	ADJ;DEF;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
vreo	najvreliji	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
svući	svučeni	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;MASC;serbo-croatian
brčkati	brčkale	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;PL;FEM;serbo-croatian
tranzitoran	tranzitorna	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
labaviti	bili smo labavili	V;PRF;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
vjetreuška	vjetrèušci	N;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
spajati	spajat će	V;FUT;3;PL;serbo-croatian
nesimetričan	nesimetričnima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
susretljiv	susretljivijima	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
poniziti	ponizile	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;PL;FEM;serbo-croatian
svestran	svestraniji	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
šmrknuti	budeš šmrknuo	V;FUT;2;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
rječnički	rječničko	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
šnjofati	bili smo šnjofali	V;PRF;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
diskretan	diskretne	ADJ;DEF;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
zabilježiti	bio bi zabilježio	V;COND;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
sakralan	sakralno	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
pršut	pršutu	N;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
zavredeti	zavredimo	V;IMP;1;PL;serbo-croatian
nadopunjavati	nadopunjavaste	V;PROG;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
intrigantan	najintrigantniji	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
košnuti	kosnuh	V;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC2;serbo-croatian
častan	časnim	ADJ;INDF;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
beskičmen	beskičmenima	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
pobožan	pobožniji	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
karizmatičan	karizmatične	ADJ;INDF;FEM;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
sinoćnji	sinoćnje	ADJ;NEUT;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
anabolik	anabolici	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
izrađivati	izrađivali	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;PL;MASC;serbo-croatian
zadešavati	zadešavalo	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;SG;NEUT;serbo-croatian
neuravnotežen	najneuravnoteženijega	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
razmatrati	razmatrao si	V;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
preterivati	budemo preterivali	V;FUT;1;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
vegetacija	vegetacija	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
razuvjeriti	razuvjerio je	V;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
starateljstvo	starateljstva	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
ocjenjivati	ocjenjivat ćemo	V;FUT;1;PL;serbo-croatian
šamanizam	šamanizmom	N;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
strastven	strastvenijih	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
mandula	mandula	N;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
mačevati	mačujmo	V;IMP;1;PL;serbo-croatian
biokemija	biokemiju	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
prćast	prćasta	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
mokar	mokrima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
smion	smiono	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
autoritativan	autoritativniji	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
zagraditi	zagradili bismo	V;COND;1;PL;serbo-croatian
pagoda	pagodu	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
isplativ	najisplativijih	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
katastrofalan	katastrofalnima	ADJ;DEF;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
dospevati	dospevao si	V;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
gasiti	gasio sam	V;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
plućni	plućnomu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
jednosmjeran	jednosmjernima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
tamneti	tamnet će	V;FUT;3;SG;serbo-croatian
izdržljiv	izdržljivu	ADJ;INDF;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
nenadmašan	nenadmašna	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
austrijski	austrijske	ADJ;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
nesložan	nesložnija	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
ranilac	raniocima	N;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
proširiti	proširili bi	V;COND;3;PL;serbo-croatian
slijep	slijepu	ADJ;INDF;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
svojevoljan	svojevoljna	ADJ;INDF;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
vrijeđati	vrijeđa	V;PRS;3;SG;serbo-croatian
nahvaliti	nahvalili biste	V;COND;2;PL;serbo-croatian
lanac	lancu	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
prenoćiti	budu prenoćili	V;FUT;3;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
orah	orahom	N;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
pridržavati	pridržavali bi	V;COND;3;PL;serbo-croatian
smeštajni	smeštajni	ADJ;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
istrošen	istrošenu	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
svadljiv	svadljiva	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
далекосежан	најдалекосежнији	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
nadevati	nadevam	V;PRS;1;SG;serbo-croatian
nepredviđen	nepredviđenima	ADJ;INDF;FEM;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
čovjekoljubiv	čovjekoljubivijemu	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
čitak	čitkome	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
krunisati	krunisao bih	V;COND;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
odjekivati	odjekivat ćete	V;FUT;2;PL;serbo-croatian
vremešan	vremešnoj	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
čučnuti	budeš čučnuo	V;FUT;2;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
zabunkerirati	zabunkerirat ćemo	V;FUT;1;PL;serbo-croatian
anulirati	anulirane	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;FEM;serbo-croatian
direktorijum	direktorijum	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
zapisati	bio bi zapisao	V;COND;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
neodgovoran	neodgovorne	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
ukopati	bio bi ukopao	V;COND;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
bespravan	bespravnu	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
kraniometrijski	kraniometrijskim	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
kidati	kidala	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;SG;FEM;serbo-croatian
jedini	jedinomu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
micati	micao	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;SG;MASC;serbo-croatian
primoravati	primoravali bismo	V;COND;1;PL;serbo-croatian
krepati	krepaj	V;IMP;2;SG;serbo-croatian
priznavati	bio je priznavao	V;PRF;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
pričljiv	pričljivi	ADJ;INDF;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
punokrvan	punokrvnima	ADJ;DEF;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
podsjetiti	podsjetismo	V;PROG;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
nedostižan	najnedostižnijoj	ADJ;SPRL;FEM;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
odlučan	odlučni	ADJ;DEF;MASC;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
pevati	pevao je	V;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
određivati	određivali bi	V;COND;3;PL;serbo-croatian
elektromagnetska interakcija	elektromagnetske interakcije	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
elokventan	elokventnu	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
iluzoran	iluzornima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
štucati	budeš štucao	V;FUT;2;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
slanac	slanci	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
zamrznuti	bude zamrznuo	V;FUT;3;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
živčan	najživčanije	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
isprazan	najispraznijima	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
prijelazan	prijelaznima	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
neoprezan	neopreznih	ADJ;INDF;FEM;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
sladiti	sladimo	V;IMP;1;PL;serbo-croatian
sajamski	sajamsko	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
gađenje	gađenjem	N;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
pošumiti	pošumit će	V;FUT;3;SG;serbo-croatian
odzvoniti	budemo odzvonili	V;FUT;1;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
plovan	plovnu	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
šmokljan	šmokljane	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
sijevati	sijevala	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;SG;FEM;serbo-croatian
neumoran	neumorno	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
kooperativan	kooperativnu	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
ugledati	budemo ugledali	V;FUT;1;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
privržen	privrženijim	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
ograđivati	ograđivao bi	V;COND;2;SG;serbo-croatian
sintetičan	sintetičnu	ADJ;INDF;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
destruktivan	destruktivnije	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
srednjovjekovni	srednjovjekovnima	ADJ;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
važan	važna	ADJ;DEF;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
spremiti	budu spremili	V;FUT;3;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
rasecati	rasecao bi	V;COND;3;SG;serbo-croatian
garant	garanta	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
hteti	htedoh	V;PROG;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
komentirati	komentirat ćeš	V;FUT;2;SG;serbo-croatian
skretati	skrećeš	V;PRS;2;SG;serbo-croatian
budalast	najbudalastijemu	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
frivolan	frivolne	ADJ;INDF;FEM;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
tragičan	najtragičnijemu	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
častoljubiv	častoljubivije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
gostoljubiv	gostoljubivi	ADJ;DEF;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
neaktivan	neaktivnijemu	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
antropomorfan	antropomorfnu	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
ispražnjavati	ispražnjavane	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;FEM;serbo-croatian
mornarica	mornarici	N;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
objelodanjivati	objelodanjivane	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;FEM;serbo-croatian
staleški	staleškim	ADJ;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
aludirati	aludirat ćeš	V;FUT;2;SG;serbo-croatian
krčmariti	krčmarite	V;IMP;2;PL;serbo-croatian
korjenit	korjenitijim	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
učinkovit	učinkovite	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
donos	donosima	N;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
nenadmašiv	nenadmašivoga	ADJ;DEF;MASC;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
rupičav	rupičavima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
oligarhijski	oligarhijski	ADJ;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
građevinski	građevinskim	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
prevremen	prevremenu	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
upozoravati	upozoravat će	V;FUT;3;PL;serbo-croatian
barka	barke	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
srnetina	srnetina	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
antikvaran	antikvarno	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
sintetički	sintetičkima	ADJ;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
začaran	začaranima	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
aplaudirati	bili bismo aplaudirali	V;IMP;1;PL;serbo-croatian
krivuljati	krivuljao bi	V;COND;3;SG;serbo-croatian
zaleđivati	bude zaleđivao	V;FUT;3;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
sazrevati	sazrevali su	V;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
spojen	spojenima	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
pedantan	pedantnu	ADJ;INDF;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
sumnjiv	sumnjiva	ADJ;INDF;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
pogrešan	pogrešnome	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
vratoloman	vratolomna	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
šnirati	šniraš	V;PRS;2;SG;serbo-croatian
sekret	sekreti	N;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
opozivati	opozivali biste	V;COND;2;PL;serbo-croatian
obilježavati	obilježavali biste	V;COND;2;PL;serbo-croatian
namočiti	namočimo	V;PRS;1;PL;serbo-croatian
zaoravati	zaoravajmo	V;IMP;1;PL;serbo-croatian
načiniti	načinjena	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;SG;FEM;serbo-croatian
napiti	napili smo	V;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
obrub	obrubu	N;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
nepravda	nepravde	N;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
zavesti	zavedosmo	V;PROG;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
hlor	hlorovi	N;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
sapunarski	sapunarska	ADJ;NEUT;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
špur	špur	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
terminološki	terminološko	ADJ;NEUT;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
božanski	božanskim	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
križati	budemo križali	V;FUT;1;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
atomski	atomsko	ADJ;NEUT;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
rasipavati	rasipavali smo	V;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
slastan	slasnijega	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
štiglic	štiglic	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
kovitlati	kovitlao sam	V;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
prijazan	prijazne	ADJ;INDF;FEM;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
božij	božijemu	ADJ;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
suhoparan	suhoparnima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
melankoličan	melankoličnima	ADJ;INDF;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
otklanjati	otklanjajmo	V;IMP;1;PL;serbo-croatian
ventilirati	ventilirao si	V;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
prestajati	prestajah	V;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC2;serbo-croatian
klada	kladama	N;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
jekavski	jekavskima	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
terati	bio bi terao	V;COND;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
nadograditi	bili biste nadogradili	V;COND;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
raščlanjivati	raščlanjujem	V;PRS;1;SG;serbo-croatian
zadavati	bio bih zadavao	V;COND;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
najahati	bio si najahao	V;PRF;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
njegovateljičin	njegovateljičinom	ADJ;FEM;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
sinžir	sinžire	N;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
spjev	spjeve	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
arabijski	arabijskoga	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
bezdušan	bezdušniji	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
azijski	azijskima	ADJ;FEM;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
nesavladiv	nesavladivo	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
predsednica	predsednicom	N;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
mrkva	mrkvo	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
traumatičan	najtraumatičnijemu	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
uspijevati	uspijevaste	V;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC2;serbo-croatian
anemičan	najanemičnijega	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
čvrst	najčvršćim	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
porozan	najporozniji	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
deduktivan	deduktivne	ADJ;INDF;FEM;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
privržen	privrženijemu	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
pomak	pomak	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
razbojnički	razbojničkoj	ADJ;FEM;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
nezasićen	nezasićena	ADJ;DEF;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
izmeničan	izmenična	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
tonalan	tonalnome	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
tankoćutan	tankoćutnu	ADJ;INDF;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
pobacati	pobacaju	V;PRS;3;PL;serbo-croatian
ganutljiv	ganutljivije	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
neprokušan	neprokušanima	ADJ;DEF;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
razuzdan	razuzdanih	ADJ;DEF;FEM;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
antifašizam	antifašizam	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
izraniti	izranjen	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;SG;MASC;serbo-croatian
neuspješan	najneuspješnijima	ADJ;SPRL;FEM;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
sustignuti	sustigoše	V;PROG;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
zabliještiti	bili bi zabliještili	V;COND;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
meze	mezem	N;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
gladan	gladna	ADJ;DEF;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
balkanski	balkanskima	ADJ;FEM;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
razabirati	razabirana	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;NEUT;serbo-croatian
preći	prešli bismo	V;COND;1;PL;serbo-croatian
crtaći	crtaća	ADJ;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
platac	platca	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
poslužiti	posluženi	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;MASC;serbo-croatian
nužan	nužna	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
stražnjica	stražnjice	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
obući	obukla	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;SG;FEM;serbo-croatian
vratni	vratnome	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
grandiozan	grandioznoj	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
rezultat	rezultatima	N;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
esteticizam	esteticizmu	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
alkoholiziran	alkoholizirana	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
banalan	banalnima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
kazivati	kazuj	V;IMP;2;SG;serbo-croatian
fundamentalan	fundamentalnu	ADJ;INDF;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
hladnokrvan	hladnokrvnima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
pošast	pošastima	N;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
najavljivati	najavljivana	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;NEUT;serbo-croatian
trag	tragu	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
zmijica	zmijice	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
šesterac	šesterce	N;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
bauljati	bauljao bi	V;COND;2;SG;serbo-croatian
spadati	budu spadali	V;FUT;3;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
hijerarhijski	hijerarhijsko	ADJ;NEUT;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
neostvariv	neostvariva	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
unitaristički	unitarističko	ADJ;NEUT;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
isprazan	ispraznijemu	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
mirisan	mirisne	ADJ;INDF;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
poželjan	poželjnoj	ADJ;DEF;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
grof	grofove	N;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
odsijecati	odsijecaju	V;PRS;3;PL;serbo-croatian
nagovještavati	bude nagovještavao	V;FUT;3;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
хомоген	хомоген	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
fotogeničan	fotogeničnije	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
žalostan	žalosnije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
zaokruživati	zaokruživali su	V;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
дифузан	дифузнији	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
potapati	budu potapali	V;FUT;3;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
otpravljati	otpravljao bih	V;COND;1;SG;serbo-croatian
zavladati	bude zavladao	V;FUT;3;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
ubrzavati	ubrzavat će	V;FUT;3;SG;serbo-croatian
zadržati	zadržan	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;SG;MASC;serbo-croatian
uvjerljiv	uvjerljivijima	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
eventualan	eventualne	ADJ;INDF;FEM;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
čopor	čoporom	N;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
kompozitor	kompozitori	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
usisati	usisana	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;SG;FEM;serbo-croatian
zgrušavati	zgrušavat ćemo	V;FUT;1;PL;serbo-croatian
tranzitoran	tranzitornima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
trezven	trezvenomu	ADJ;DEF;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
vrijeme	vremènima	N;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
vitalan	vitalno	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
nagao	najnaglijima	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
polinezijski	polinezijskoj	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
slab	slaba	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
preseliti	preselili su	V;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
listopadski	listopadskoj	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
lojalan	lojalnu	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
istočni	istočna	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
stabilan	stabilna	ADJ;DEF;FEM;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
smion	smionijim	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
šetati	šetali smo	V;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
uvezati	uvezaste	V;PROG;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
nečistoća	nečistòći	N;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
zapadati	zapadali bismo	V;COND;1;PL;serbo-croatian
aktuelan	aktuelne	ADJ;INDF;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
animalan	animalnima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
otmjen	otmjenu	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
povrijediti	povrijeđeno	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;SG;NEUT;serbo-croatian
oftalmološki	oftalmološke	ADJ;MASC;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
miroljubiv	miroljubiva	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
travnat	najtravnatijega	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
vuna	vunama	N;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
pjesna	pjȅsna	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
polaskati	polaskat ćemo	V;FUT;1;PL;serbo-croatian
istodoban	istodobnim	ADJ;DEF;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
šamarati	šamaraste	V;PROG;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
paunov	paunovih	ADJ;MASC;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
oprječan	oprječnima	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
nužda	nužde	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
cjelovit	cjelovitijoj	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
korenit	korenitom	ADJ;DEF;FEM;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
anektirati	anektirah	V;COND;1;SG;serbo-croatian
veljački	veljačkome	ADJ;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
krotak	krotkijemu	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
povesti	povedoh	V;PROG;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
tugovati	tugovala	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;PL;NEUT;serbo-croatian
bespogovoran	bespogovornima	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
poželjeti	budem poželio	V;FUT;1;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
krčmar	krčmara	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
neprimjetan	neprimjetnima	ADJ;DEF;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
razumjeti	bio bi razumio	V;COND;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
sumnjičav	sumnjičavijemu	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
genom	genoma	N;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
kovačićki	kovačićkoj	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
neusiljen	neusiljenoj	ADJ;DEF;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
slastan	najslasniji	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
isprljati	bili su isprljali	V;PRF;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
kreirati	kreirali su	V;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
analitičan	analitičnih	ADJ;DEF;MASC;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
pozdravljati	bio bi pozdravljao	V;COND;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
prepasti	prepali su	V;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
rasformirati	rasformirat će	V;FUT;3;SG;serbo-croatian
divji	divjemu	ADJ;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
masturbirati	masturbiraju	V;PRS;3;PL;serbo-croatian
melankoličan	melankoličnoj	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
antilopa	antilopama	N;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
zaleđivati	zaleđivao si	V;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
trivijalan	najtrivijalnijega	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
policajac	policajče	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
obućar	obućarom	N;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
nahrupiti	nahrupit će	V;FUT;3;SG;serbo-croatian
opulentan	opulentnije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
cičati	bili biste cičali	V;COND;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
bezbrižan	najbezbrižnijima	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
znatan	znatnim	ADJ;DEF;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
neodoljiv	neodoljivijega	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
plovan	plovnima	ADJ;DEF;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
opskuran	opskurnijom	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
sufizam	sufizme	N;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
vešt	najveštije	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
utikač	utikaču	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
ucena	ucenama	N;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
pločnik	pločnicima	N;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
kabaret	kabaretu	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
sekundaran	sekundarna	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
usmjeravati	usmjeravahu	V;PROG;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
ogroman	ogromnu	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
homoseksualan	homoseksualni	ADJ;INDF;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
dubok	duboke	ADJ;DEF;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
srcast	srcasta	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
ujediniti	budu ujedinili	V;FUT;3;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
kovertirati	bili smo kovertirali	V;PRF;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
dvostruk	dvostruki	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
buđenje	buđenje	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
bezuspešan	bezuspešnijega	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;ACC;SG;ANIM;serbo-croatian
kongenijalan	kongenijalne	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
ornitološki	ornitoloških	ADJ;MASC;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
srknuti	bili smo srknuli	V;PRF;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
nasip	nasipu	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
горак	најгорчи	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
pravoslavan	pravoslavan	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
trudan	trudnu	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
sprovesti	budemo sproveli	V;FUT;1;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
sretan	sretnima	ADJ;DEF;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
lakoveran	lakoverne	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
hermetičan	najhermetičnijoj	ADJ;SPRL;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
bilježnica	bilježnice	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
češki	češki	ADJ;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
кичмени	кичмени	ADJ;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
svijeća	svijeća	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
enciklopedijski	enciklopedijskima	ADJ;NEUT;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
sebičnjak	sebičnjaka	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
životan	najživotnija	ADJ;SPRL;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
himben	himbena	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
probuditi	probudili bi	V;COND;3;PL;serbo-croatian
policijski	policijskome	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
besprizoran	besprizorne	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
ponavljati	ponavljamo	V;PRS;1;PL;serbo-croatian
nasljednica	nasljednico	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
izumitelj	izumiteljima	N;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
pojačavati	pojačavali biste	V;COND;2;PL;serbo-croatian
lista	listama	N;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
akustički	akustičkoj	ADJ;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
kardinal	kardinála	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
idiličan	najidiličnijim	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
huškati	huškana	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;NEUT;serbo-croatian
vragolast	najvragolastijemu	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
otjecati	bio si otjecao	V;PRF;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
mlat	mlata	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
turbulentan	najturbulentnijima	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
komercijalan	komercijalnima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
predio	predjela	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
delomičan	delomičnima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
osećajan	osećajnoga	ADJ;DEF;MASC;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
krpiti	krpiš	V;PRS;2;SG;serbo-croatian
obući	obući ćete	V;FUT;2;PL;serbo-croatian
kilogram	kilogrami	N;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
negovateljičin	negovateljičinu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
vjerodostojnost	vjerodostojnosti	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
zatomiti	zatomljene	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;FEM;serbo-croatian
pokoj	pokojima	N;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
nekompetentan	nekompetentnima	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
raskomotiti	bili biste raskomotili	V;COND;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
grijati	griju	V;PRS;3;PL;serbo-croatian
šamanizam	šamanizmi	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
paliti	palit ćemo	V;FUT;1;PL;serbo-croatian
odneti	bude odneo	V;FUT;3;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
spiralan	spiralnoga	ADJ;DEF;MASC;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
sporazumevati	sporazumevali smo	V;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
obistiniti	obistinite	V;IMP;2;PL;serbo-croatian
saberiv	saberivima	ADJ;DEF;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
zgrejavati	bili ste zgrejavali	V;PRF;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
nauditi	naudio bi	V;COND;3;SG;serbo-croatian
jug	jugom	N;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
inventivan	inventivne	ADJ;INDF;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
nebulozan	najnebuloznijom	ADJ;SPRL;FEM;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
općenit	općenitijemu	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
poraditi	poradi	V;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC2;serbo-croatian
rata	rate	N;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
celokupan	celokupne	ADJ;DEF;FEM;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
snažan	najsnažniji	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
survavati	survavam	V;PRS;1;SG;serbo-croatian
inovativan	inovativna	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
izbježljiv	izbježljive	ADJ;DEF;FEM;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
trabunjati	bio je trabunjao	V;PRF;PST;3;SG;serbo-croatian
trijem	trijémovi	N;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
dalekovidan	najdalekovidnijih	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
pošteđivati	bio sam pošteđivao	V;PRF;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
naseljenički	naseljeničku	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
maorski	maorskima	ADJ;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
mesti	metu	V;PRS;3;PL;serbo-croatian
bezemljaš	bezemljáša	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
povoljan	povoljnome	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
protivan	protivnije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
trijas	trijas	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
европски	еуропскији	ADJ;CMPR;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
lansirati	lansirali su	V;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
destruktivan	destruktivnih	ADJ;DEF;FEM;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
tegotan	tegotne	ADJ;DEF;FEM;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
homogen	homogeni	ADJ;INDF;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
nenavidjeti	nenavidi	V;IMP;2;SG;serbo-croatian
usmeravati	usmeravaše	V;PROG;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
opojan	najopojnijih	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
šištav	šištave	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
magličast	magličastoj	ADJ;DEF;FEM;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
automatski	automatskima	ADJ;NEUT;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
tiskati	tiskat ćeš	V;FUT;2;SG;serbo-croatian
narisati	bio sam narisao	V;PRF;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
trg	trga	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
obraćati	obraćat ćemo	V;FUT;1;PL;serbo-croatian
obuzimati	obuzimana	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;SG;FEM;serbo-croatian
dužina	dužina	N;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
permanentan	permanentnome	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
omamljivati	omamljivani	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;MASC;serbo-croatian
strpljiv	strpljivu	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
primaknuti	primaknemo	V;PRS;1;PL;serbo-croatian
snežnik	snežnikom	N;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
suvišnost	suvišnosti	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
darovit	darovitome	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
odmotati	odmotali biste	V;COND;2;PL;serbo-croatian
romantičar	romantičar	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
ceremonijalan	ceremonijalnima	ADJ;INDF;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
zidati	zidana	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;SG;FEM;serbo-croatian
praktičan	praktičnije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
provokacija	provokacijama	N;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
revnostan	revnosne	ADJ;INDF;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
mršav	mršavi	ADJ;DEF;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
isprobati	isprobat će	V;FUT;3;SG;serbo-croatian
tisak	tisak	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
iracionalan	iracionalnije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
šaljivčina	šaljìvčina	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
filantropkinja	filantropkinjama	N;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
iskren	iskrenija	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
omogućavati	omogućavao sam	V;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
omanji	omanjom	ADJ;FEM;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
skrbiti	skrbili bismo	V;COND;1;PL;serbo-croatian
nevin	najnevinija	ADJ;SPRL;NEUT;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
vaginalni seks	vaginalnim seksom	N;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
epileptički	epileptičkomu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
rojalist	rojaliste	N;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
svjetlo	svjetlo	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
ćelija	ćelije	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
oprostiti	oprosti	V;PROG;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
tvrditi	tvrdili biste	V;COND;2;PL;serbo-croatian
škopiti	škopimo	V;IMP;1;PL;serbo-croatian
realan	najrealnijemu	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
sporan	spornim	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
diplomatski	diplomatskim	ADJ;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
složen	složeni	ADJ;INDF;MASC;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
uvlačiti	bili biste uvlačili	V;COND;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
nemoralan	nemoralnoj	ADJ;INDF;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
romantičan	najromantičnije	ADJ;SPRL;FEM;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
rasprodaja	rasprodajama	N;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
nepažljiv	nepažljiva	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
plesniv	plesnivije	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
zaseniti	zasenite	V;PRS;2;PL;serbo-croatian
dohvatljiv	dohvatljive	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
anglicizam	anglicizmima	N;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
darežljiv	darežljivima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
difuzan	difuznijih	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
sljednik	sljednika	N;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
kanalski	kanalskoga	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
traćiti	traćaste	V;PROG;PST;2;PL;serbo-croatian
uspešan	uspešnomu	ADJ;DEF;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
ćaknut	ćaknutije	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
suzivati	suzujem	V;PRS;1;SG;serbo-croatian
zemaljski	zemaljskoga	ADJ;NEUT;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
mrs	mrsu	N;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
detešce	dȅtešācā	N;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
smešan	smešnije	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
amortizacijski	amortizacijska	ADJ;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
homoseksualan	homoseksualne	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
spiritualan	najspiritualniju	ADJ;SPRL;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
nelomljiv	nelomljivima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
alkoholiziran	najalkoholiziranijega	ADJ;SPRL;MASC;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
šupčina	šupčini	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
sestra	sestri	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
javanski	javanske	ADJ;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
nadlijetati	nadlijetana	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;NEUT;serbo-croatian
akadski	akadskima	ADJ;FEM;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
zrakast	zrakastim	ADJ;DEF;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
negostoljubiv	negostoljubivoga	ADJ;DEF;MASC;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
doći	došle	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;PL;FEM;serbo-croatian
prestupnik	préstupnīci	N;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
rodoljuban	rodoljubnu	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;ESS;SG;serbo-croatian
izlagati	izlagale	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;PL;FEM;serbo-croatian
pozdraviti	bili bi pozdravili	V;COND;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
zadnjica	zadnjice	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
srednjoškolac	srednjoškolcu	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
odustajati	odustajali bismo	V;COND;1;PL;serbo-croatian
raspršiti	bili bismo raspršili	V;COND;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
dobaciti	dobačeno	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;SG;NEUT;serbo-croatian
miješati	budem miješao	V;FUT;1;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
razmnažati	bio sam razmnažao	V;PRF;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
ubirati	budeš ubirao	V;FUT;2;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
iskorijeniti	budemo iskorijenili	V;FUT;1;PL;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
pluralistički	pluralističkima	ADJ;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
operativan	najoperativnijoj	ADJ;SPRL;FEM;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
muzlica	muzlica	N;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
delovati	delovah	V;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC2;serbo-croatian
rodoljuban	rodoljubna	ADJ;INDF;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
prihvatljiv	prihvatljiva	ADJ;DEF;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
kongruencija	kongruencijama	N;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
triangl	trianglima	N;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
spiskavati	spiskavali smo	V;PST;1;PL;serbo-croatian
svidjeti	svidjeh	V;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC2;serbo-croatian
poprskavati	bio bih poprskavao	V;COND;PST;1;SG;serbo-croatian
pigmejski	pigmejsku	ADJ;FEM;ACC;SG;serbo-croatian
vagati	budeš vagao	V;FUT;2;SG;LGSPEC1;serbo-croatian
savijati	savijamo	V;PRS;1;PL;serbo-croatian
gorljiv	gorljiva	ADJ;DEF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
umetnuti	umetnuta	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;SG;FEM;serbo-croatian
žgoljav	žgoljavih	ADJ;DEF;FEM;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
zavisan	zavisnima	ADJ;INDF;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
vetrenjast	vetrenjasti	ADJ;DEF;MASC;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
predbaciti	predbacio bi	V;COND;3;SG;serbo-croatian
paćenik	paćenika	N;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
sejšelski	sejšelskomu	ADJ;MASC;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
bečki	bečkoga	ADJ;MASC;GEN;SG;serbo-croatian
lijen	lijenim	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
neprirodan	neprirodni	ADJ;DEF;MASC;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
nokaut	nokaute	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
ambiciozan	ambiciozan	ADJ;INDF;MASC;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
nečitak	nečitke	ADJ;INDF;FEM;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
patrijarhalan	patrijarhalnima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
onemogućiti	bili su onemogućili	V;PRF;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
potez	potezi	N;VOC;PL;serbo-croatian
cirkusantski	cirkusantski	ADJ;MASC;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
spiskavati	bio bi spiskavao	V;COND;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
neosporiv	neosporivima	ADJ;DEF;MASC;INS;PL;serbo-croatian
suzan	suznijima	ADJ;CMPR;NEUT;ESS;PL;serbo-croatian
cjelovit	najcjelovitije	ADJ;SPRL;FEM;ACC;PL;serbo-croatian
kompetentan	kompetentnih	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;GEN;PL;serbo-croatian
prožimati	prožimali su	V;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
максималан	максимални	ADJ;DEF;MASC;ACC;SG;INAN;serbo-croatian
podnevnik	podnevniku	N;DAT;SG;serbo-croatian
uzdržljiv	uzdržljivima	ADJ;INDF;MASC;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
drmati	bili bi drmali	V;COND;PST;3;PL;serbo-croatian
grba	gȑba	N;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
kriv	kriva	ADJ;INDF;NEUT;NOM;PL;serbo-croatian
iskorištavati	iskorištavala	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;SG;FEM;serbo-croatian
sprijateljiti	sprijateljili bismo	V;COND;1;PL;serbo-croatian
poorati	bio bi poorao	V;COND;PST;2;SG;serbo-croatian
bajan	bajan	ADJ;INDF;MASC;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
poštovan	poštovanija	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;NOM;SG;serbo-croatian
ulepšavati	ulepšavat ću	V;FUT;1;SG;serbo-croatian
poniziti	ponižene	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;FEM;serbo-croatian
potražiti	potražit ćemo	V;FUT;1;PL;serbo-croatian
animozitet	animozitete	N;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
ogrijavati	ogrijavana	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;PL;NEUT;serbo-croatian
jajolik	jajolikim	ADJ;DEF;MASC;INS;SG;serbo-croatian
prašan	prašnijima	ADJ;CMPR;FEM;DAT;PL;serbo-croatian
saudijski	saudijsko	ADJ;NEUT;VOC;SG;serbo-croatian
