mercadear	no mercadee	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
trapear	trapear	V;NFIN;spanish
asilar	asile	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
nadar	no naden	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
enmarañar	enmaraña	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ubicar	ubicara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
burlar	te burlarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
carecer	carecieras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
entrañar	entrañare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
adentrar	adentrares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
encabezar	encabezabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
argumentar	argumentases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
desasir	desasieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
enterar	enteráremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
volcar	volcare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ciar	ciaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
centrifugar	centrifugadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
desnatar	desnataren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
despertarse	se despertaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
masturbar	masturbabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
precaver	precaveríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
alertar	alerten	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
solear	soleares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
sumar	sumaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
aguantar	no aguantemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
estriar	estriaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
universalizar	universalizaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
debelar	debelares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
sucitar	sucitamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
adormilar	adormiléis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ayustar	ayustéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
antojar	antojare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
impostar	impostasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
desacreditar	desacreditarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
perder	perdidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
desballestar	desballestaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
faenar	faenaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
impeler	impelan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
googlear	googleáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
boletear	no boletees	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
tergiversar	tergiversara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
enterrar	enterremos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
encajar	encajaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
errar	erró	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
pespuntar	pespuntase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ondear	ondeábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
mellar	melles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
trascurrir	trascurrido	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
achantar	achantabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
reprobar	reprobemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ovillar	ovillaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
rebozar	reboce	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
interdecir	interdijésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
tributar	no tributes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
gatillar	gatillas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
gobernar	gobernarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
culturar	culturáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
tardar	tardarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
desvestir	desvistieran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
abastecer	abastezca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ahorcar	ahorcaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
recomenzar	recomenzar	V;NFIN;spanish
masturbarse	masturbadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
aproximar	aproximamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
reconfigurar	reconfiguré	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
mermar	mermabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
reemplazar	no reemplacemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
sentarse	se sentare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
enchilar	enchiléis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
diptongar	diptonguemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
gañir	gañeseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
descarbonatar	descarbonaten	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
trancar	no tranquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
desinstalar	desinstalasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
cortar	cortes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
preceder	precedisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
fungir	funja	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
desbotonar	desbotonaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
desmadrar	desmadramos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
taponar	taponaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
becar	becase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
connotar	no connotes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
guayar	guayases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
biselar	biselasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
desparasitar	desparasitó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
acribillar	acribilla	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
contrademandar	contrademandaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
proponer	proponen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
digitar	digitares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
latinar	no latinéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
repantigarse	te repantigues	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
condonar	condonaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
encapsular	encapsularás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
narrar	narraseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
yuxtaponer	yuxtapondrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
antedatar	antedatarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
atinar	atinando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
preceder	precedió	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
resurgir	resurgiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ababillarse	no te ababilles	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
cuestionar	cuestionaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
triunfar	triunfado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
aprehender	aprehendiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
turistear	turisteé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
arrebatar	arrebaten	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
devaluar	no devalúes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
descontextualizar	descontextualizar	V;NFIN;spanish
mostrar	mostrasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
desmontar	desmonten	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ñoñear	ñoñearíamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
reflejar	reflejarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
trastornar	trastornemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
merodear	merodeé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
residenciar	no residencies	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
deificar	deificasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
techar	techaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
pajarear	pajarea	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
corear	coreamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
linchar	linchad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
cuerpear	cuerpear	V;NFIN;spanish
opugnar	opugnaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
consensuar	consensuad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
hender	hendamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
fetichizar	fetichizarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
desobedecer	desobedecieran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
anisar	anisabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
portar	portadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
humear	humeasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
salir	saldría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
huir	huirás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
amasijar	amasijé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
consumar	consumada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
aifonear	aifoneará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
abluir	abluyeran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
reajustar	reajustáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
denotar	denotaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
preconizar	no preconicemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
estigmatizar	estigmatiza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
jaquear	no jaquees	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
primar	primen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
desvirtuar	desvirtuando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ladear	ladear	V;NFIN;spanish
nevar	nevara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
cualificar	cualificábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
cañonear	cañoneen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
diseminar	diseminar	V;NFIN;spanish
invertir	invertido	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
rezagar	rezagasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
boletear	boletearás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ajetrear	ajetrearen	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
adurir	no aduran	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
flanquear	flanquearan	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
despolitizar	despolitizar	V;NFIN;spanish
aggiornar	aggiornara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
morigerar	morigerabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
acampanar	acampanaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
fascinar	fascinaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
rumbear	rumbearen	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
operar	no operen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
sanitizar	sanitizabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
desarreglar	desarreglara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
morigerar	morigeras	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
esleír	eslieres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
inventariar	inventariarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
accionar	accionéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
subarrendar	subarrendara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
plebiscitar	plebiscitamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
pillar	pillada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
almacenar	almacenara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desrabotar	desrabotadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
orientar	orientas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
desertificar	desertifique	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
acicalar	acicalaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
variar	variar	V;NFIN;spanish
rasguñar	rasguñarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
concientizar	no concienticemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
absceder	abscedas	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
mondar	mondarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
idear	idean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
reelegir	reeligiéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
asustar	asustemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
acicatear	acicateare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
democratizar	democratizare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
temperar	temperase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
instrumentalizar	instrumentalizasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ironizar	ironizamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
arrimar	arrimadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
cotizar	cotizando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
euskaldunizar	no euskaldunice	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
reconfortar	reconforte	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
invertir	invertiste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
prestar	prestásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
adobar	adobaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
desconvenir	desconvendríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
guglear	guglead	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
enlentecer	enlenteciéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
brincar	brincaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
reimprimir	reimprimo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
paliar	paliabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
deslindar	deslindáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
antedecir	antedirá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
torear	toreabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
adocenar	adocenaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
reunificar	no reunifiquéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
custodiar	custodiaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
circuir	circuirás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
arrodillarse	te arrodillaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
empanar	empanad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
frasear	fraseaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
abluir	abluíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
imprimir	impresas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ampollar	no ampollemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
acensuar	acensuare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
asesinar	asesináis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
escarmentar	escarmentaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
emparentar	emparentáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
oficiar	oficiare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desosar	desosare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
sorprender	sorprendido	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
quitar	quitarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
pauperizar	paupericé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
carecer	carecéis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
fruir	fruyesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
pallar	no palléis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
cambiar	cambiarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
cometer	cometeremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
indexar	indexo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
infantilizar	infantilizaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
descompensar	descompensarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
camuflajear	camuflajeará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
asediar	asediados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
desclavar	desclaves	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
refaccionar	refaccionamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
pulsear	pulsearéis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
personarse	se personaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
recocer	recocerás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
uniformizar	uniformicéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
emparentar	emparentasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
colapsar	colapsan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
rotular	rotuláis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
despotricar	despotricáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
embromar	embromé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
maquinar	maquinen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
frentear	frentearía	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
resistir	resistiríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
conmutar	conmutarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
recocinar	recocinabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ondear	ondeáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
recalcar	recalques	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
forjar	forjo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
apanar	apanado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
desembocar	desembocan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
nutrir	nutriese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
disputar	disputaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
desescalar	desescala	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
revitalizar	no revitalicemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
oralizar	oralizare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
rusificar	rusificaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
encallar	encallasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
durar	dura	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ideologizar	ideologizaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
mazar	mazare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ahijar	ahíje	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
esprintar	esprintarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
pelotear	pelotearán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
desbastar	desbastase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
vulnerar	vulneras	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
menar	no menes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
asestar	asestare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
suturar	suturaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
aviar	aviareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
gallear	no gallees	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
solapar	solapare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desembalar	desembala	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
repicar	repicabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
colegir	coligiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
tararear	tarareáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
bufar	bufarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
presenciar	presenciad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
infantilizar	infantilizará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
averiar	averiares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
olisquear	olisquea	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
desasir	desasiríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ocasionar	ocasionases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
anotar	anote	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
lubricar	lubricaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
filtrar	filtrásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
aligerar	aligerabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
primar	primarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
colectar	colectaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
denostar	denostase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
defender	defendierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
bolsear	bolseara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
gestar	gestarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
compendiar	compendiar	V;NFIN;spanish
arropar	arropare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
dispararse	me disparara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
hastiar	hastiaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
incumbir	incumbiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
descoyuntar	descoyuntará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
engatillar	engatillaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
empanar	empanaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
arramblar	arramblaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
cariar	cariaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
regalar	regalaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
sobreestimular	sobreestimula	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
alquitranar	alquitranará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
divertir	no diviertas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
renunciar	renunciaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
conminar	conminábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
turistear	turisteo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
estoquear	estoquearías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
garapiñar	garapiñáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
carcajearse	se carcajeaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
acercar	acerquéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
pulir	no puláis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
conchabar	conchabaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
supeditar	supeditará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
hidratar	hidratasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
empolvar	empolve	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
contraer	contrajéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
desazonar	desazonas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
prometer	prometen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
deshuesar	deshuesen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
telonear	teloneando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
subscribir	subscritas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
atinar	atinarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
dentellear	dentelleares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
inquietar	inquietase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
encarecer	no encarezcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
estresar	no estreséis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
amortajar	amortajéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
exhibir	exhibiríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
zigzaguear	zigzaguee	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
explosionar	explosionaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
honrar	honráis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
mutilar	mutilad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
enfervorizar	enfervoricen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
acidificar	acidificaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
holgar	holgaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
enraizar	enraizaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
suplir	supla	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
cagar	cagaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
abarrotar	abarrotamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
atestiguar	atestiguara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
adormecer	adormeciese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
devorar	devorareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
acicalar	no acicale	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
telonear	no teloneen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
reforestar	reforesto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
alburear	alburee	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
inspeccionar	inspeccioné	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
expropiar	expropiáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
abarbetar	abarbetaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
culturar	culturaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ecualizar	ecualizaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
desguazar	desguaza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
contrastar	contrastará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
independizar	independizados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
embullar	embulla	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
estoquear	estoqueado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
rehogar	rehogara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
deber	debido	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
infestar	infestéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
chillar	chillados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
impagar	impagare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
bocinar	bocina	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
confirmar	confirmaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
pretender	pretendí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
compenetrarse	os compenetrabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
entronizar	entronizará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
particularizar	particularice	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
salinizar	saliniza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
desplegar	despliegue	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
desenojar	desenojare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
colaborar	colaborarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
presurizar	presurizarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
afrontar	afrontarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
desafinar	desafinaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
enfardar	enfardaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
conferir	confiriera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
capacitar	capacitases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
seleccionar	selecciona	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
encausar	no encauséis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
llenarse	se llenara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
enconchar	enconchare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
discar	discase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
afiligranar	afiligranar	V;NFIN;spanish
contonear	contonean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
testar	testabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
invadir	invada	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
supurar	supurará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
irrigar	irrigas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
autogestionarse	autogestionaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
destartalar	destartalaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
federalizar	federalice	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
sobrevirar	sobreviren	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
sobrecoger	sobrecogieras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
atañer	atañeres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
posicionar	posicionaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
digitalizar	digitalice	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
destetar	destetaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
sonrosar	sonrosabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
esquinar	esquinaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
chistar	chistaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
remedar	remedasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
valer	valisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
manipular	manipularé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
entremezclar	entremezclaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desvencijar	desvencijada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
esposar	esposasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
hormigonar	hormigone	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
pirar	piráramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
rediseñar	rediseñe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
esquilmar	esquilmemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
aneblar	aneblares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
disculpar	disculpaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
roturar	roturamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
astringir	astringieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
modularizar	no modularicemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
infiltrar	infiltremos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
masificar	masifica	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
forjar	forja	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
dirigir	dirigiríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
participar	participó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
fusionar	fusionéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
vetar	vetabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
agringar	agringa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
acojonarse	no se acojone	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
deterger	detergidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
becar	no bequéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
inundar	inundado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
moler	molido	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
perseguir	perseguiré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
fracasar	fracase	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
tensionar	tensionabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
escamotear	escamotearíamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
marginar	margines	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
recolar	recuela	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
pivotear	pivotee	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
divertir	diviertes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
conversar	conversares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
debelar	debelen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
chirriar	chirriadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
respirar	respiréis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
encalabozar	no encalaboce	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
pavonearse	nos pavonearíamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
tenderse	te tendieras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
concurrir	concurriésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
dirigirse	dirigida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
conexionar	conexionases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
descolonizar	descolonizaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
operar	operabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
reputar	reputabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
relanzar	relanzareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
huronear	huroneemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
caligrafiar	caligrafiare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
filtrar	filtraríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
envenenar	envenenaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ronronear	ronronearás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
zancadillear	zancadilleemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
fraguar	fragüemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
enzarzar	enzarzabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
planificar	planificamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
naufragar	naufragaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
reimprimir	reimprimiré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
migrar	migro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
adquirir	adquiría	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
enlazar	enlazarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
manducar	manduco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
fluctuar	fluctúe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ahorcajarse	me ahorcajaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
valorizar	valorizábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
librar	libraréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
vehicular	vehiculase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
acomodar	acomodamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
chistar	chistaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
dedicarse	me dedico	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
abetunar	abetunáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
deslumbrar	deslumbrara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
gorronear	gorronearías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
auditar	auditasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
indiciar	indició	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
enrollar	no enrollen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
revolotear	revoloteamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
explicitar	explicitaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
olvidar	olvidareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
redefinir	redefiniste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
internar	internareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
derrotar	derrotaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
honrar	honrase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
flotar	no floten	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
encumbrar	encumbraban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
fingir	finjan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
entubar	entuba	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
drenar	drenen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
bucear	bucear	V;NFIN;spanish
agraviar	agraviase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
tontear	tonteada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
desinflar	desinfles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
aseverar	aseveraría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
infravalorar	infravalorados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
tolerar	toleró	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
aletargar	aletargar	V;NFIN;spanish
tostar	tostaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
impagar	impagaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
degustar	degusté	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
maniatar	maniatarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
columpiar	columpiáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
exceder	excedas	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
relumbrar	relumbrados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
rebanar	rebanamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
fenecer	fenecieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
putañear	putañeare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
cancelar	canceláremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
adivinar	adivine	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
gerenciar	gerenciarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
fortificar	fortificase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
investir	invistió	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
cablegrafiar	cablegrafiáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
descarnar	descarnase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
abigarrar	abigarró	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
arrojar	no arrojes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
encamar	encame	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
divisar	diviso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
reestructurar	reestructuraste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
pandear	pandeáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
desternillarse	nos desternilláremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
fosilizarse	fosilícense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
desbotonar	desbotonara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
meter	meten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
civilizar	civilice	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
pauperizar	pauperizara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
valuar	valuáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
departir	departieran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
desballestar	desballestasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
atracar	atracáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
albergar	albergáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
polarizar	polarizas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
resfriar	resfriaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
atribuir	atribuíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
carcomer	carcome	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
estropear	estropeareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
endomingarse	endomínguese	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
acatar	acatemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
titubear	titubea	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
decepcionar	decepcionará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
seducir	seduzca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
circunferir	circunferirá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
evanescer	evanesciere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
adyacer	adyacieres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
calabriar	calabriaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
agonizar	agonizará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
palmear	palmearía	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
apoyarse	apoyémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
adormilar	adormilares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
inclinar	inclinase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
angostar	angostando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
yodurar	yoduraras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
chismear	chismeen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
traficar	traficaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
fundamentar	no fundamentéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
yantar	yantaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
comerciar	comercia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
desdoblar	desdoblaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
restringir	restrinjan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
retitular	retitules	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
descontar	descontad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
encajonar	encajonarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
abisagrar	abisagre	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
conmocionar	conmocionaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
brutalizar	brutalizabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
atiborrar	atiborrare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
escampar	escampaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
calabriar	calabriaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
encamar	encamasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
bastonear	bastoneáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
arruinar	arruinaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
acantonar	acantone	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
irrigar	irrigarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
discrepar	discrepen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
tensar	tensando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ataviar	no atavíen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
renovar	renovaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
circunscribir	circunscribiremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
chequear	chequeásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
prostituir	prostituido	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
bailar	bailado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
lucir	lucido	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
caducar	caducarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
prostituir	prostituid	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
desmigajar	desmigaje	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
solidarizar	solidaricé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
encuartelar	encuartele	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
desgajar	desgajares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
canturrear	canturreases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
desturcar	desturcaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
guillotinar	guillotinabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
infestar	infestaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
quitar	quitare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
deteriorar	deteriorado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
alijarar	alijarabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
desvirgar	desvirgas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
estribar	estribo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
botar	bota	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
burlarse	se burlare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
agüitarse	agüitémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
pintarse	me pintare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
evolucionar	evolucionada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
acuartelar	acuartelabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
trasplantar	trasplantó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
rasguear	rasguee	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
adecuar	adecúe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
aluzar	no alucen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
sitiar	sitiáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
abarloar	abarloó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
borbotear	borboteen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
sonrojar	sonrojaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
alegar	alegar	V;NFIN;spanish
compartimentar	compartimentaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
empastillar	empastillo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
puntar	puntaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
desenmarañar	desenmarañaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
textear	texteando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
fuñir	no fuñas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
limpiarse	te limpiabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
alquilar	alquilen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
desatascar	desatascabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
automatizar	automatizara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
soliviantar	soliviantasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
desautorizar	desautorizarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
fastidiar	fastidiares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
pavonearse	te pavonearás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
disipar	disiparé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
terminar	termináramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
expansionar	expansionáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
respirar	respirasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
sobrecargar	no sobrecargues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
amalgamar	amalgamados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
masificar	masificasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
revolear	revoleareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
atrofiar	atrofiaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
conllevar	conllevaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
birlar	birláramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
deconstruir	deconstruiremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
lazar	lazar	V;NFIN;spanish
malvender	malvendiere	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
desangrar	desangraríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
cocinar	cocinare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
desempeñar	desempeñar	V;NFIN;spanish
quejar	quejarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
señalizar	señalizarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
erotizar	erotizo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
desnutrir	desnutriste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
superar	superaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
colaborar	no colaboren	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
asentir	asentiría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
resentirse	te resentirías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
pilotear	piloteas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
escocer	escozamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
acalorarse	te acalores	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
desaliñar	desaliñara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
decolorar	decolorarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
toldar	tolde	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
extorsionar	no extorsionen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
abarrar	abarradas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
reasentar	reasentaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desdorar	desdoráramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
calificar	calificare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
festejar	festejaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
descabellar	descabellabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
diluir	diluyeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
tardar	tardaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
manejar	manejaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
quejarse	no nos quejemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
agasajar	agasajada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
hipar	hipásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ahorrar	ahorraseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
subvenir	subvendríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
rendir	rindas	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
transponer	transpusieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
aunar	no aúne	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
mopear	mopeara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
cerner	cernieran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
piratear	pirateábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
zarandear	no zarandeéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
descalificar	descalifique	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
revelar	revelaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
fuñir	fuña	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
medir	midiésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
abigarrar	abigarraran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
explicar	explicados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
debilitar	debilitaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
enmasillar	enmasillaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
jimar	jimaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
contravenir	contravinieran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
reformular	reformules	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
subordinar	no subordines	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
evaluar	evaluarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
refrenar	refrenares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
desviar	desvía	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
apresurar	apresurarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
airar	airaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
reabastecer	no reabastezcas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
reemprender	reemprendisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
escenografiar	escenografiaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
destorcer	destorcer	V;NFIN;spanish
embalar	embala	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
conceptuar	conceptúes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
damnificar	damnificamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
vagabundear	vagabundeáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
informarse	informémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
inclinarse	se inclina	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
merendar	merendaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
preconcebir	preconciba	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
frangir	franja	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
escampar	escampará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
abanderizar	abanderizadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
provocar	provocare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
fungir	funjo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
perecear	pereceara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
destrabar	destrabarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
publicitar	no publiciten	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
apuntalar	apuntalase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
contundir	contundieran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
eternizar	eternizas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
enmascarar	enmascara	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
baremar	baremaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
estrechar	estrechase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
reenviar	reenviaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
abjurar	abjuraríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
inferir	infieran	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
anestesiar	anestesiaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
mineralizar	mineralizaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
periclitar	periclitaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
controlar	controlaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
explayar	explayaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
sobrecalentar	sobrecalentamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
fragilizar	fragilizase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
fortalecer	no fortalezcamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
tapar	tapasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
disentir	disintiéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
rembolsar	rembolsé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
abandonar	abandonara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
crujir	crujir	V;NFIN;spanish
descruzar	descruza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ignorar	ignorase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
estribar	estribaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
relativizar	relativizare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
chinchar	chinchaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
atener	atengáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
descorrer	descorrimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
imantar	no imantes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
piropear	piropeábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ajusticiar	ajusticien	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
desminar	desminaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
joder	no jodamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
sembrar	sembraste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
desplomarse	se desplomaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
dictaminar	dictaminara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
inactivar	inactives	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
amañar	amañaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
romanzar	romanza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
desamistar	desamistarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
entresacar	entresaques	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
mesarse	se mesaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
desenmarañar	desenmarañaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
pulir	puliendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
desalinear	desalinearemos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
alborear	alboree	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
estibar	estibaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
abrasar	abrasáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
interpretar	interpretaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
tramar	tramen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
agasajar	agasajados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
restaurar	restaura	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
dulcificar	dulcificaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
incumbir	incumbidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
incoar	incoen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
cobijar	cobijemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
trocar	trocado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
abrazar	abrazamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
tamborilear	no tamborilee	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
inmigrar	inmigra	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
repolitizar	tacona	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
enfardar	enfardasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
sobreactuar	sobreactuaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
enrevesar	enrevesarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
trovar	trovaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
chamullar	chamullaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
friccionar	friccionaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
deletrear	deletrearíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
embetunar	embetunan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
causar	causada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
intitular	intitula	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
abrirse	se abriría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
programar	programará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
aborrecer	aborrecían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
xerocopiar	xerocopie	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
separarse	se separan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
zambullirse	zambullida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
descortezar	descortezad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
descompensar	descompensábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
maquillarse	se maquillaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
vivaquear	vivaquees	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
pelar	pelaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
distanciar	distancia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ingerir	ingirieren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
pintarse	pintados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
instar	insten	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
andar	andabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
aturar	aturaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
surcir	surzamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
machucar	no machuquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
osar	osabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
emperrar	emperré	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
detraer	no detraiga	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
rebobinar	rebobinaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
encubertar	encubertado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
sollozar	sollozaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
jalear	jalean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
enrevesar	enrevesarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
revender	revendía	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
usarse	nos usamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
relamer	relamieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
conchabar	conchabaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
chafar	chafaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
miniaturizar	miniaturizaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
patentar	patentaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
desplegar	desplegaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
guionar	guionaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
perecear	pereceares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
murar	murabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
embarcar	embarcare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
conceptualizar	conceptualizamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
burocratizar	burocratizadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
esperanzar	esperancen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
espolvear	espolveemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
encomendar	encomiende	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
elaborar	elaborados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
exponer	no expongan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
tropicalizar	tropicalizaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
oxidar	oxidadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
maximizar	maximizaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
amodorrar	amodorrará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
absterger	abstergiéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ir	irá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
moverse	me muevo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
masacrar	no masacres	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
horrorizar	horrorizaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
morder	mordiéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
incrementar	incrementares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
instrumentar	instrumentáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
maniatar	maniatemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
encender	encendamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
cementar	cementaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
invisibilizar	invisibilizáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
fresar	fresare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
respetar	respetase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
desbocar	desbocare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
resultar	resultases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
explorar	explorarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
piquetear	piquetearían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
atezar	atezarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
apercibir	apercibíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
disonar	disonara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
encerar	encerarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
desterrar	destierran	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ocultarse	ocúltate	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
bucear	buceares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
tronar	tronáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
sobrellevar	sobrellevará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
tematizar	tematícen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
cuartear	cuarteabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
mentalizar	mentalizaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
morder	mordías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
envalentonar	envalentonases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
descapitalizar	descapitalizabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
descreer	descreyerais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
pololear	pololeamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
revisitar	revisitado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
quintuplicar	quintuplicaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
muletear	no muletees	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
envolver	envolviésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
crepitar	crepitásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
brindar	brindarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
hospedar	hospedaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
rebajar	rebajados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
repotenciar	repotenciáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
provenir	proviniere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
suprimir	suprimiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
montar	montado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
cartografiar	cartografiabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
reprender	reprendan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
preceder	precederéis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
chalar	chalasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
dimensionar	dimensionarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
preceptuar	preceptuarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
nadar	nades	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
sembrar	sembrara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
abuchear	abucheen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
escudriñar	escudriñasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
encestar	no enceste	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
escarbar	escarbaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
persignarse	persignamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
extraer	extraídos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
forjar	forjarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
malear	maleaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
reinventar	no reinventes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
acriminar	acriminando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
sonorizar	sonorizadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
estropear	estropeases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
monetarizar	monetaricéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
incidir	incidís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
intercalar	intercaló	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
resembrar	resembrare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
preconstituir	preconstituyeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
emponzoñar	emponzoñamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
contestar	no contesten	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
chotear	chotearais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
sustentar	sustentando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
registrar	registramos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
caligrafiar	caligrafiase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
acercar	acercad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
parafrasear	parafraseare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
lograr	lograrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
reparar	reparado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
limitar	limitarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
colorar	colorad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
intimidar	intimidarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
monetarizar	monetarizaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
incluir	incluida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
encapricharse	no nos encaprichemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
conducir	no conduzca	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
demarcar	demarce	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
sortear	sorteáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
nominalizar	nominalizáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
disgregar	disgrega	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
desilusionar	desilusionemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
fulgurar	fulgurad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
embaldosar	embaldoso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
empacarse	os empacaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
refractar	refracte	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
acunar	acunarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
deshelar	desheló	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
desembolsillar	desembolsillabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
prolongar	prolongabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
encarnar	encarnaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
matonear	matoneareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
maravillar	maravillamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
volantear	volantease	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
regionalizar	regionalizaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
reeditar	reeditabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
gambetear	gambeteo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
converger	convergerán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
transpirar	transpiraras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
anteceder	antecedía	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
descender	descendiendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
aforar	aforaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
trenzar	trenzaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
desparpajar	desparpajara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
suplicar	suplique	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ampliar	ampliaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
prospectar	prospectar	V;NFIN;spanish
desentumecer	desentumezcan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
desminar	desminada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
asesorar	asesoráramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
maquillarse	me maquillase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
optimizar	optimizaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
conchabar	conchaba	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
adosar	adosará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
clasificar	clasificáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
estancarse	se estancaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
acoger	no acojan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
aventajar	aventajo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
evanescer	evanesceremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
abemolar	abemolan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
tenderse	no te tiendas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
retoñar	retoña	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
declamar	declamaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
evaluar	evaluabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
enlistar	enlistabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
apurar	no apures	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
enripiar	enripiare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
titular	titulases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
calafatear	calafatearon	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
dormitar	dormitará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
fechar	feche	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
sacudir	sacudiréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
fomentar	fomentabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
desconfiar	desconfiare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
acezar	acecé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
comiscar	comiscarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
lubrificar	lubrificabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
culear	culeasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
aducir	aducirían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
apegarse	apéguese	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
decepcionar	decepcionarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
escanear	escaneáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
recalcar	recalcases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
