manducar	manducado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
reestrenar	reestrenaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
fragmentar	fragmentaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
descomponer	no descompongáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
fusilar	fusilas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
recontar	recuentas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
abañar	abañasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
llevar	llevaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
liberar	liberarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
patentar	patentabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
franelear	franeleas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
revertir	no reviertas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
imanar	imanamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
desvincular	desvinculara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ejercitar	ejercitases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
autoproclamarse	autoproclamara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
enconchar	enconchados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
acreditar	acreditases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
encarnar	encarnaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
interpelar	interpelad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
zombificar	zombificara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
calificar	calificabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
enternecer	no enternezcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
moler	muelen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
dominar	dominé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
avergonzar	avergonzada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
arrogar	no arrogues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
beatificar	beatificará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
externar	externa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
recapitular	recapitulaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
aturar	aturen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
despersonalizar	no despersonalicéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
esquilar	esquile	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
concesionar	concesionáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
aprisionar	aprisionaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
redoblar	redoblabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
pulsar	pulsamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
comprometer	no comprometan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
guisar	no guises	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
consumir	consumamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
retocar	retocarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
sobrecoger	sobrecogidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
demediar	demediarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
maniatar	maniaten	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
converger	convergidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
estrangular	estrangulaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
situar	situaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
caducar	caduco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
sondar	sondáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
improvisar	improvisare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
recusar	recusa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
resorber	resorbiere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
disfamar	disfamamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
prorrogar	prorrogarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
descarboxilar	descarboxilaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
cercar	cercasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
achicarse	te achicares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
pitar	pitad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
rebobinar	rebobinaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
gorronear	gorroneasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ascender	ascienda	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
gozar	gozaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
alumbrar	alumbraban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
salpicar	salpicarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
embanderar	embanderáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
adorar	adorasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
renovar	renovada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
bailar	bailará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
emperrar	emperraba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
nublar	nublase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
extremar	extremabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
extraer	extrajera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
vehicular	vehicularía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
centralizar	centralizaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
amontonar	amontone	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
adobar	adobabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
modular	modulare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
gozar	goza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
desbocar	desbocaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
descontextualizar	descontextualicen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
reencantar	reencantáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
atolondrar	atolondraron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
barritar	barrites	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
astringir	astringimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
zurear	zurearais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
decrecer	no decrezcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
serpentear	serpentearé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ceñir	ceñida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ungir	unjan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
cohechar	cohechemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
pasar	pasases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
fumblear	fumbleemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
circunscribir	circunscribiésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ofrecer	ofrecidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
inteligir	inteligiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
acariciar	acariciad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
enriquecer	no enriquezca	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
dolerse	me doliera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
chafar	chafaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
amainar	amainaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
reordenar	no reordenemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
explicitar	explicitase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
cerrar	cerráremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
destazar	destazará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
pajearse	te pajearías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
descabellar	descabellara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
alzar	alzara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
engatusar	engatusé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
complejizar	no complejicemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
mitificar	mitificamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
alocar	alocase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
sobrevivir	sobrevivía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
resplandecer	resplandecieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
entramar	entramo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
coronar	corone	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
descontrolarse	nos descontrolamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
atravesar	atravesarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
fijarse	me fijé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
tumultuar	tumultuásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
desacomodar	desacomodase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
colectivizar	colectivizó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
dialogar	dialogaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
acairelar	acairelaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
entubar	entubando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
observar	observaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
intitular	intitulamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
debelar	debeláremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
escayolar	escayolábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
enfadar	no enfadéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
repulsar	repulsase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ejercer	ejercías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ladrar	ladrase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ocultarse	te ocultes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
objetar	objetaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
adurir	adurierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
proponer	propondría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
medicalizar	medicalizasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
perquirir	perquiriere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
graznar	no graznéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
enternecer	enterneciera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
denegar	no deneguéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
armar	armarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
desaconsejar	desaconsejes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
machar	no machéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
corretear	correteares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
encantar	encantaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
desparramar	desparramado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
codificar	codificaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
alivianar	alivianaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
amarillear	amarilleáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
diseccionar	diseccione	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
recompensar	recompense	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ensartar	ensartaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
enfadar	enfadara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
escolarizar	escolaricéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
empadronar	empadronaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
concluir	concluyera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
macollar	macollan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
autogestionarse	autogestionara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ventar	venté	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
atrasar	atrasé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
monetizar	monetizaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desalinear	desalineaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
cobrar	cobraseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
nacer	naces	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
desacomodar	desacomoden	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
convergir	convergiríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
autofinanciarse	autofinancíese	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
desgastar	desgaste	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
nombrar	no nombremos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
significar	significábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
deliberar	deliberen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
adaptar	adaptaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
denominar	denominada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
toser	tosemos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
enfrascarse	no te enfrasques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
pasmar	pasmara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
contar	contado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
peticionar	no peticionen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
propinar	propinen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
entubar	entubaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
encabestrar	encabestrarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
empotrar	empotras	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
purgar	purgue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
truncar	trunquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
decodificar	decodificáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
substraer	substrajereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
descarrilar	descarrilaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
enripiar	enripiará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
redoblar	redobláremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
apretujar	apretujases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
usurpar	usurpa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
inmovilizar	inmovilizaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
taconear	taconearían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
prostituir	prostituyéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
driblear	driblee	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
desempacar	desempaca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
osar	osaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
matonear	matoneabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
gloriar	gloriaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
maravillar	maravilléis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
extirpar	no extirpes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
transcurrir	transcurrirías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
mangar	mangado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ansiar	ansió	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
minimizar	minimizarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
alijarar	alijarara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ablacionar	ablacionemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
resemblar	resemblares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
resembrar	resembráis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
contactar	contactáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
callejear	callejean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
arquear	arqueada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
remitir	remitieras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
corear	corearía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
antedatar	antedataba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
trasquilar	trasquilaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ventar	ventase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
respectar	respectareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
trasoír	trasoyera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
centralizar	centralizaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
renacer	renaciereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
encarecer	encarezcamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
obscurecer	obscureciereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
candar	canden	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
totalizar	totalizan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
enlosar	enlose	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
derelinquir	derelinquidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
contar	contéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
alancear	alanceaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
converger	convergería	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
sustraer	sustrajéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
pixelar	pixeladas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
enojarse	os enojasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
emancipar	emancipaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
atracar	atracase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
gloriar	glorío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
deletrear	no deletreéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
atontar	atontéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
adentrar	no adentres	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
trastabillar	trastabillemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
encallar	encallarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
injertar	injertaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
biselar	biselásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ayunar	ayunaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
desplomarse	te desplomaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
marchar	marchabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
evadir	evadan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
señalar	señalareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
batallar	batallaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
repavimentar	repavimentan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
engolfarse	me engolfaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
enfadar	enfade	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
compadecer	compadeciesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
balacear	balaceabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
oír	oía	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
acidificar	acidificábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
aluzar	aluzaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
asimilar	asimiléis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
inquirir	inquiriéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
declinar	declinase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
hidrogenar	hidrogenas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
estilizar	estilizarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
detestar	detestar	V;NFIN;spanish
domesticar	domesticarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
resondrar	resondrare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
desencabestrar	desencabestrará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
empalagar	empalagada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
arrestar	arrestan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
perseverar	perseveraremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
subsumir	subsumieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
desprestigiar	desprestigia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
motivar	motive	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
lisonjear	lisonjee	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
encabezar	encabezase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
abrillantar	abrillantas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
toquetear	toqueteáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
apalear	apalee	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
pedir	pediré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
empalmarse	empalmen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
correrse	corridos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
tasar	tasas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
teclear	tecleéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
consonar	consonaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
telefonear	telefonease	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
recalcar	recalquen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
rumbear	rumbease	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
saturar	saturaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
sanar	sanemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
manosear	manoseares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
conferir	confiriéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
enfundar	enfundan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
resemblar	resembles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
esperar	esperaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
azolvar	no azolves	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
coordinar	coordinaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
acortar	acortéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
trasuntar	trasuntada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
abeldar	abeldarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
endomingarse	se endominguen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
rebosar	rebosasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
lastrar	lastré	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
transformar	transformó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
educar	educares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
apegarse	me apegaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
refrescar	refrescaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
guarnecer	guarnecieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
fechar	fecha	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
fibrilar	fibriló	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
pajear	pajean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
desempolvar	desempolvadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
abochornarse	os abochornaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
refrescar	refrescaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
reflexionar	reflexionaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
bracear	braceéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
embetunar	embetunaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
inmovilizar	no inmovilices	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ornamentar	ornamentad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
agilizar	agilizaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
tentar	tentarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
marear	mareando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
perpetuar	perpetuasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
embaldosar	embaldosaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
reemplazar	reemplazad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
dispararse	me disparo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
repostular	repostulares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
desparasitar	desparasitarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
serruchar	no serruchéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
sorber	sorban	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
haber	haya	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
contemplar	contemplaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
equipar	equipadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
refregar	refregadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
gravar	gravaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
preguntarse	se pregunten	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
aculturar	aculturen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
arrepentirse	me arrepentí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
afeminar	no afeminen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
destemplar	destemplare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desincentivar	desincentivabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
higienizar	higienizó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
descender	descended	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
pujar	pujar	V;NFIN;spanish
calificar	no califique	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
vomitar	no vomites	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
recontar	recontares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
vagar	vago	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
posibilitar	posibilitabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
encuadernar	encuadernaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
dilapidar	dilapidásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
implantarse	te implantabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
recudir	recudiríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
filar	fila	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
alienar	alienaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
acetificar	acetificad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
valuar	valuara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
nitrificar	nitrificaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
dentar	diento	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
arrullar	no arrullemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
autorretratarse	nos autorretratáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pivotear	no pivoteéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
demeritar	demeritareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ratificar	ratificada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
retocar	retocar	V;NFIN;spanish
muestrear	muestreamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
tararear	no tarareéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
hartar	hartaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
topetar	topetemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
fluctuar	fluctuara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desertizar	desertizamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
vivaquear	vivaqueáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
corrugar	corrugase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
posicionar	posiciones	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
anclar	anclarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
cabriolar	cabriolarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
estipular	estipulado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
acaecer	acaeceríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
fructificar	fructificaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
desempatar	desempatáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
soñar	soñaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
rascar	no rasquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
condecir	condigamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
machacar	machacaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
reinaugurar	reinaugures	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
cucharear	cucharear	V;NFIN;spanish
contrarrestar	contrarrestó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
pasterizar	pasterizaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
diagonalizar	diagonalizaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
marear	mareare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
mancomunar	mancomunad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
impetrar	impetrara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
disertar	disertemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
malgastar	malgastaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
mirar	miren	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
resurgir	resurgiese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
encallecer	encallecíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ratear	ratearéis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
querellarse	nos querellábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
deambular	deambuláremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
parecerse	se parecerán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
vivificar	vivificadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
preservar	preservara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
normalizar	normalizarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
modelizar	modelizaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
redundar	redundas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
subsistir	subsistiese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
priorizar	priorizaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ceñir	ceñirías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
salpicar	salpicados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
fraccionar	fraccionaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
profanar	profane	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
redimir	redimiste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ahorcar	ahorcada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
sanear	saneásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
acantonar	acantonareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
prender	prendan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
capitanear	capitaneamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
esterilizar	esterilizaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
homenajear	homenajear	V;NFIN;spanish
garantizar	garantizasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
naturalizar	naturalizasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ir	iremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
espirar	espiro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
escupir	escupan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
incentivar	incentivaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
desacomodar	desacomodaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
alojarse	se alojarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
revestir	revistieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
injerir	injeriríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
dolar	doláramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
revocar	revoco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
echar	echaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
medrar	medrare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
guisar	guisaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
recorrer	recorreréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
pandear	pandee	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ningunear	ningunearen	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
recostar	recostemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
transmutar	transmutamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
resollar	resuelles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
quietar	quietásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
llavear	llavearían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
tocar	tocaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
enjalbegar	enjalbegad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
fagocitar	fagocitara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
prepintar	prepinté	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
abombar	abombaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ultracentrifugar	ultracentrifugarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
deshacer	no deshagas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
exceptuar	exceptúan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
afrontar	afrontáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
subrayar	subrayes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
especializar	especializaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
gayar	no gayen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
reglamentar	reglamentaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
desmochar	desmochar	V;NFIN;spanish
machetear	macheteaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
anochecer	anochecimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
baratar	barataremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
captar	captes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
barritar	barritarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
encaramar	encaramases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
roer	royéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
aherrojar	aherrojáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pasar	pasabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
exprimir	exprimiremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
surcar	surquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
suicidar	suicidaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
esclarecer	esclarezca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
reiniciar	reiniciaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
descorchar	descorchar	V;NFIN;spanish
pescar	pesquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
invocar	invocáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
relinchar	relinchamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
reseñar	reseñaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ajar	ajáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
disculparse	me disculpe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
racionar	racionabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
sondar	sondarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
sobrevendir	sobrevendieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
preocupar	preocupare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
enloquecerse	enloqueceos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
asemejar	asemejabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
taquear	taquear	V;NFIN;spanish
verdear	verdeáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
exiliar	exilian	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
refacturar	refacturasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
atrapar	atrapar	V;NFIN;spanish
reivindicar	reivindicásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
subsistir	subsistida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
crepitar	crepitad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
degenerar	degenerará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
percutir	percutáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
contagiar	contagió	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
descolocar	descolocaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
resecar	resecareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
salpicar	salpicase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
inhabilitar	inhabilitada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
romanzar	romances	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
abajar	abajaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
funar	fune	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
trovar	trovas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
barnizar	barnizaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
incluir	incluyeseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
acidificar	acidifique	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
restructurar	restructurarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
espachurrar	espachurraréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
permitir	permiten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
almacenar	almacenaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
agravar	agravarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
averiar	averiaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
obrar	obremos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
disponer	dispone	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
chichar	chiche	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
aguapar	aguapase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
predisponer	predispondría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
venenciar	venenciareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
franelear	no franelee	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
echarse	no os echéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
dentar	dentada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
humectar	humectarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
contraindicar	contraindicábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
trompezar	trompezaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
reinstaurar	reinstauraron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
suscitar	suscitados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
casarse	me caso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
victimizar	victimicemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
absorber	no absorbamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
refinanciar	refinanciaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
desayunar	desayunare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
detentar	no detentemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
arrullar	arrullemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
exprimir	exprimirías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
escotar	escotase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
adocenar	adocenásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
purpurar	purpurarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
bajar	bajaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
desanudar	desanuda	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
significar	significásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
creer	creímos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
institucionalizar	institucionalizareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
despenar	despenare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
atusar	atusemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
peregrinar	peregrinéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
menstruar	no menstrúes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
descerrajar	descerrajes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
anudar	anudas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
asombrar	asombremos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
hospedar	hospedaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
evadir	evadían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
deterger	detergieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
adormecer	adormeciesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
conmover	conmueve	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
cometer	cometía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
sombrear	sombreares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
repetir	repetimos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
entusiasmar	entusiasmáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pactar	pactados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
instruir	no instruyamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
dirigir	dirigir	V;NFIN;spanish
engarruchar	engarrucharía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
anihilar	anihilábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
teorizar	teorizaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
impagar	impagaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
frivolizar	frivolizaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
carenar	no carenemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
rechistar	rechistamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
plantear	planteen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
remplazar	remplace	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
reverberar	reverberare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
agusanar	agusanarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
aceitar	aceitó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
importunar	importunaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
pandear	no pandeéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
barritar	barritaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
reevaluar	no reevalúe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
acompañar	acompañamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
vaticinar	vaticinaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
intermediar	intermediad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
indemnizar	indemnizaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
abatatar	abatatasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
catalanizar	catalanizaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
fugar	fugas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
fulminar	fulminará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
desfilar	desfilara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
pavonearse	nos pavoneábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
baratar	barataba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
portar	portases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
detentar	detentaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
reentrar	reentren	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
producir	produjera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
vacilar	vacilad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
empuñar	empuñados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
castrar	castre	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
aforar	aforabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
automutilarse	automutilémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
enjambrar	enjambrábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
desguarnecer	desguarnecisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
congratular	congratularías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
relanzar	relanzadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
democratizar	democratizasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
acoger	acogéis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
flexibilizar	flexibilizas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
pertenecer	pertenecías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
emparedar	no emparedes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
huronear	huronead	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
significar	significaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
designar	designase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
adorar	adorad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
patear	pateare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
trastear	trasteara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
balbucear	balbuceases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
diluviar	no diluvies	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
subvertir	subvierten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
sobar	sobaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
chascar	chascáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
afiliar	afiliara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
coludir	coludiendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
computarizar	computarizásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
regularizar	regularizáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
tutear	tutead	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
taquear	no taqueemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
cubicar	cubicada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
despegar	no despeguen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
expoliar	expoliemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
perjudicar	perjudicáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
concentrar	concentramos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
condicionar	condicionaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
remolcar	remolque	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
inculpar	inculpemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
despegar	no despegues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
saborear	saboreares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
hermanar	hermane	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
detenerse	se detenía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
atar	atásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
digitar	digitaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
asechar	asechar	V;NFIN;spanish
digitar	digitemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
tachar	tache	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
licuar	licuad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
reorientar	reorientaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desturcar	desturcara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
resecar	resecaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
embuchar	embucharás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
compensar	compensaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
suturar	suturaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
deconstruir	no deconstruyáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
estreñir	estreñiremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pergeñar	pergeña	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
implementar	implementas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
acañonear	acañonearéis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
proceder	procediéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
indiciar	indiciaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
sublevar	sublevo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
desenredar	desenredamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
cercar	cercare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
preocuparse	se preocuparán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
emperrar	emperrado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
trasmigrar	trasmigraba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
gruñir	gruñéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
friccionar	friccionamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
hechizar	hechizaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
referirse	refiriéndose	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
programar	programamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
mopear	mopee	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
apoderarse	se apoderaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
dirimir	dirimid	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
guglear	gugleares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
obtener	obtendrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
tantear	no tantee	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
saltar	saltares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
despiojar	despiojara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desembolsar	no desembolsen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
rehilar	rehilarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
desapasionar	desapasionases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
fotocopiar	fotocopiaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
inundar	inundada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
irrumpir	no irrumpamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
escatimar	escatimar	V;NFIN;spanish
reconfortar	reconfortáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
encarcelar	encarceláis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
arramplar	arrampladas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
asustarse	te asustaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
revocar	revocarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
agolparse	nos agolpáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
duplicar	no dupliques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
hundir	hundíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
versear	versead	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
injerirse	se injerían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
transigir	transigiere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
apresar	apresadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
dislocar	dislocara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
aproximar	aproximaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
resembrar	resembrasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
encintar	encinten	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
arribar	no arriben	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
gesticular	gesticulaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
depreciar	depreciaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
endilgar	no endilguemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
geolocalizar	geolocalizáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
endomingarse	me endomingaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
industrializar	industrializaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
sofisticar	sofisticaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
desligar	desligaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
mallar	mallan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
despertar	despierta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ulular	ulularía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
corretear	corretearás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
acreditar	acredite	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
distribuir	distribuyese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
deshojar	deshojaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
sanitizar	sanitizas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
manducar	manducaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
espantar	no espantes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
guindar	guindemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
atemorizar	atemorizarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
agilizar	agilicen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
saturar	saturarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
desencabestrar	desencabestraseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
perforar	perforadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
lagartear	lagartearemos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
inmunizar	inmunicéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
fiar	fiarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
mentorizar	mentorizaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
crepitar	crepitarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
lijar	lijando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
reenergizar	reenergizaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
encestar	encestamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
resfriar	resfriaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desmovilizar	desmovilizaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
infundir	infundía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
destronar	destronó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
empinar	empinan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
verbalizar	verbalizáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
lamber	lamban	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
sincretizar	sincretizamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
iluminar	iluminabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
mortificar	mortificaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
transmitir	transmites	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
endulzar	endulzarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
identificar	identificaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
familiarizar	familiarizó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
universalizar	universalizado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
desratizar	desratiza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
corcovear	corcoveéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
amontonar	amontonen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
echarse	os echaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
desguanguañar	desguanguañe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
redundar	redundemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
empodrecer	empodreciese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
apropriar	apropríense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
engallarse	se engallase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
sanitizar	no sanitices	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
espantar	espante	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
despedirse	te despedirás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
oficializar	oficialicemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
bootear	booteada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
pitar	pitasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
abochornarse	me abochornaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
variar	variado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
parodiar	parodiásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
revistar	no revistemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
flexibilizar	flexibiliza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
manutener	manutenga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
fantasear	fantaseáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
portar	portabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
fichar	ficha	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
baremar	no baremes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
coproducir	coproducirías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
desconvenir	desconviniera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
apetecer	apeteceré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desandar	desandaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
adivinar	adivinaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
frustrar	frustres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
surtir	surtían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
arrepentir	arrepintamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
cocinar	cocinemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
privilegiar	privilegiemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
colisionar	colisionáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
alijarar	alijaráis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
cablear	cableareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
enfundar	enfundase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
convocar	no convoquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
indizar	indizáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
solventar	solventarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
recopilar	recopilar	V;NFIN;spanish
abartarse	nos abartáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
subvenir	subvenidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
expresar	expresaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
radicar	radique	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
connotar	connotamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
conmemorar	conmemoraréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
alejar	alejarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
gravitar	gravitará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
jotear	no joteéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
carburar	carburó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
corresponder	no corresponda	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
rumorar	no rumoremos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
glasear	glaseaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
empalidecer	empalideciera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
entusiasmar	entusiasmamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
sentir	sentís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
adelgazar	adelgace	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
infartarse	os infartarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
retimbrar	retimbraseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
algoparse	nos algoparíamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
sitiar	sitió	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
occidentalizar	no occidentalices	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
marear	mareéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
premorir	premorirán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
pilotar	pilota	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
descocer	descocí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
empastillar	empastillara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desembalar	desembalabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
citar	no citéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
atirantar	atirantase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
abatatar	abatate	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
traspirar	traspires	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
jaquir	jaquiendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
secuenciar	secuenciaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
extenuar	extenuaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
incrustar	incrustas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
apartar	aparta	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
detraer	detraigan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
apoquinar	apoquiné	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
apestar	apestábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
animar	animaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
tipificar	tipificarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
drenar	drenar	V;NFIN;spanish
enchilar	enchilaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
desmelenar	desmelenaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
encarar	encaramos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
cooperar	cooperados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
inventar	inventaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desmadrar	desmadrados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
escavar	no escavéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
calefaccionar	calefaccione	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
guerrear	guerreemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
gatillar	gatillarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
engrupir	engrupamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
activar	activares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
cuitar	cuitando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
arramblar	arrambló	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
fidelizar	fidelizaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
diptongar	no diptongue	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
encalabozar	encalabozáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
tropicalizar	tropicalizasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
embaucar	embaucábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
vertebrar	vertebra	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
alzar	alzáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
acribillar	acribillar	V;NFIN;spanish
anihilar	anihilad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
codirigir	codirigiría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
limitar	limitará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
habituar	habituaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
aherrumbrar	aherrumbré	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ser	serías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
chiflar	chiflase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
empantanar	empantanaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
enlistar	enlistaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
desmembrar	desmembraremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
inspirar	inspiráramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
leudar	leuden	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
sacrificar	sacrificado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
escarpar	escarparía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
endosar	endosaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
repoblar	repueble	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
desahijar	no desahíjen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
disputar	disputarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
entrevistar	entrevistáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
cocinar	cocinada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
malparar	malparan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
lengüetear	lengüetee	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
faltar	faltasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
derrumbar	derrumbase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
retimbrar	retimbraron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
depravar	depravaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
malfuncionar	no malfuncionemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
subseguir	subsiguierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
obnubilar	obnubilas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
chisporrotear	chisporroteó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
prevaricar	prevaricare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
versificar	versificáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
serigrafiar	serigrafie	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
conmemorar	conmemorábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
repuntar	repuntaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
acalenturarse	acalenturémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
flotar	flotáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
empecinar	empecinadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
emparedar	emparedan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
enfrentar	enfrentaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
deslegitimar	deslegitimábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
confabularse	se confabula	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
chascar	chascaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
contramandar	contramandabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
prorrogar	prorrogaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
vender	no vendas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
decodificar	no decodifiques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
entornar	entornares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
melgar	melgábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
cristalizar	cristalizare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
canear	canease	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
avalentar	avalentéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
reelegir	no reelijan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
prepagar	prepagaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
acoger	acogisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
burilar	buriléis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
perquirir	perquirieras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
reinstaurar	reinstauréis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
yuxtaponer	yuxtapusierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
chapotear	chapotearen	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
relativizar	relativizares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
redecir	redijéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
abolir	aboliese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
desviar	desviaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
subastar	subastaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
rodear	rodeamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
tuitear	tuitearía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
retrucar	retruqué	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ventear	venteare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
sabotear	saboteases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
roncar	roncasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
morigerar	morigerábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
golear	goleé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
proteger	protegeríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
desmotivar	desmotivaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
otear	oteáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
duchar	ducharán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
llover	llovieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
trasladar	trasladarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
desaparecer	desaparecen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
soldar	sueldo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
arrojar	arroje	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
encapricharse	encapríchense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
tiznarse	tiznaos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
alborozar	alborocéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
desvariar	desvaria	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
hincar	hincara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
obstruir	obstruyeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
atajar	atajaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
desperezar	desperezamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
acriminar	acriminara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
flambear	flambean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
aclamar	aclamaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
nutrir	nutriera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
asaltar	no asalten	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
dimensionar	dimensionaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
titular	titulaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
echar	echaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
emboscar	emboscaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
solubilizar	solubilizasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
reciprocar	reciprocase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
eclosionar	eclosionaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
centralizar	centralizasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
nivelar	nivelemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
parcelar	parcelaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
salvar	salvaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
sufragar	sufragare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
expatriar	expatriaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
navegar	navega	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
revivir	revivieres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
huevear	huevee	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
exir	exido	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
jeringar	jeringaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
alijarar	alijaran	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
conseguir	consiguiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
tamborear	tamborearen	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
blasfemar	blasfemases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
incoar	incoado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
zanganear	zanganeados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
formular	formulase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
flexibilizar	flexibilizareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
abarloar	abarloábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
apellidar	apellidaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
succionar	succionéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
autoevacuarse	se autoevacúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
concesionar	concesionaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
alumbrar	alumbrara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ensillar	ensillasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
remontar	remontase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
atollarse	nos atollamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
cardar	cardamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
asombrar	asombrar	V;NFIN;spanish
bizquear	bizqueé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
repudiar	no repudiemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
golpetear	golpeteaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
amedrentar	amedrentaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
dominar	no domine	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
destinar	destinábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
rejuvenecer	rejuvenecíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
resetear	resetearon	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ladear	ladeadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
argüendear	argüendeasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
calificar	calificad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
notar	notarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
metastatizar	metastatizara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
disfamar	disfamaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
recudir	recudid	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
estornudar	no estornudéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
andar	anduviste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
dialogar	dialogareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
defensar	defensaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
modular	moduléssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
descansar	descansades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
udolar	udolarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
sobrevolar	sobrevolem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
facilitar	facilitaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
atorgar	atorguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
vaporitzar	vaporitza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
lubricar	lubriqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
subratllar	subratllant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
unflar-se	unflàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
tricotar	tricotares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
simular	simulo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
rascar	rascats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
canviar	canviares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
banyar	banyant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
riure	riguéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
simbolitzar	simbolitzades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
uniformar	uniformada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
tractar	tracten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
estrenar	estrenats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
afirmar	afirmes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
vacil·lar	vacil·laré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
judaïtzar	judaïtzés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
rotar	rotessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
teixir	teixim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
sumar	sumàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
curar	curí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
esmorzar	esmorzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
parèixer	pareixem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
vacil·lar	vacil·laràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
etiquetar	etiqueta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
grapejar	grapejareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
esmentar	esmentí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
habilitar	habilitem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
adonar-se	adonareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
pregar	pregaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
pertànyer	pertanyíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
suplicar	supliquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
desar	desaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
estovar	estovats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
congelar	congelaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
criticar	critico	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
exhibir	exhibim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
tiranitzar	tiranitzaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
alenar	alenar	V;NFIN;catalan
categoritzar	categoritzeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
oposar	oposem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
perpetrar	perpetrarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
calcificar	calcificaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
envoltar	envoltàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
creuar	creuem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
dificultar	dificultaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
raure	raïa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
guanyar	guanyàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
alleugerar	alleugerés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
dirigir	dirigiràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
sexar	sexi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
batejar	batejaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
italianitzar	italianitzaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
desautoritzar	desautoritzaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
tiranitzar	tiranitzaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
colpejar	colpejava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
contraatacar	contraatacava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
estiuejar	estiuejaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
engolir	engolís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
demostrar	demostraria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
tardar	tardava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
promoure	promouria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
enviar	enviades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
enganxar	enganxéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
col·laborar	col·laborés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
instal·lar	instal·lessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
naufragar	naufragueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
mobilitzar	mobilitzessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
embarrancar	embarrancar	V;NFIN;catalan
esquitxar	esquitxarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
unflar-se	unflaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
refondre	refonguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
sacrificar	sacrificàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
recuperar	recuperessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
llençar	llençar	V;NFIN;catalan
privatitzar	privatitzem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
girar	giri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
parir	parí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
llevar	llevava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
citar	citarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
industrialitzar	industrialitzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
concedir	concedeix	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
sobreescalfar	sobreescalfeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
agafar	agafaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
condicionar	condicionaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
enyorar	enyorares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
congelar	congelem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
corprendre	corprengueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
regular	circulin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
coronar	coronar	V;NFIN;catalan
idealitzar	idealitzàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
parlar	parleu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
subjectivar	subjectiva	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
decebre	deceben	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
despatxar	despatxats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
dessalar	dessalaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
armar	armà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
retirar	retiraries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
malvendre	malvengueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
brotar	brotant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
envejar	envejàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
acampar	acampades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
sacsejar	sacsejaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
consolidar	consolidades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
publicar	publicar	V;NFIN;catalan
replicar	repliquem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
pelar	pelaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
hesitar	hesitàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
fracassar	fracassa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
debutar	debuteu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
desobeir	desobeirem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
balançar	balances	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
experimentar	experimentéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
excel·lir	excel·liríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
respirar	respiràvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
feminitzar	feminitzes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
unir-se	uníreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
avorrir	avorrireu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
paralitzar	paralitzaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
rompre	rompéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
fotografiar	fotografieu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
desautoritzar	desautoritzeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
dispersar	dispersà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
legislar	legislà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
corregir	corregeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
posposar	posposeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
utilitzar	utilitzem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
inscriure	inscriguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ensenyar	ensenyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
transportar	transportaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
profetitzar	profetitzessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
fusionar	fusionava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
suplir	suplís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
entusiasmar	entusiasmem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
fendre	feníem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
casar	caséssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
pol·linitzar	pol·linitzàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
encunyar	encunyares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
conversar	converso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
pagar	pagueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
doblar	doblares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
encapçalar	encapçalaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
establir	establir	V;NFIN;catalan
remeiar	remeiessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
concórrer	concorri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
succeir	succeïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
créixer	creixéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
escoltar	escoltaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
combinar	combinava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
trobar	trobaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
somriure	somriuríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
escapar	escapava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
espolsar	espolsarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
carregar	carregares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
rellegir	rellegim	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
perillar	perillaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
aïllar	aïllaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
coordinar	coordinàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
vacil·lar	vacil·larà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
desodorar	desodoraven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
caminar	caminin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
governar	governem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
roncar	ronqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
pegar	pegueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
legislar	legislàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
tractar	tractàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
afalagar	afalagàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
excretar	excretaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
miolar	miolaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
reprendre	reprendrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
prevenir	preveníem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
desar	desa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
domtar	domtarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
envair	envair	V;NFIN;catalan
contraatacar	contraatacàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
multiplicar	multipliquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
accelerar	accelerin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
vetllar	vetllessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
desodorar	desodoren	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
fumar	fumaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
fotografiar	fotografiïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
veure	vèiem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
esgarriar	esgarriïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
respondre	responguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
posseir	posseir	V;NFIN;catalan
intitular	intitulàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
adaptar	adapteu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
alienar	alienaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
torturar	torturaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
guiar	guia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
jaure	jaurà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
rebre	reberen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
situar	situaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
guerrejar	guerregéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
disminuir	disminuïen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
limitar	limitareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
presentar	presentada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
sortir	sortir	V;NFIN;catalan
masticar	mastiquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
respondre	respongués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
marcar	marcàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
filtrar	filtra	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
recuperar	recuperéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
dir	digui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
arreglar	arreglaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
marejar	marejaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
passar	passada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
bombejar	bombejo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
marejar	marejaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
gesticular	gesticulava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
succeir	succeint	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
xafardejar	xafardejava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
procrastinar	procrastini	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
alçar	alça	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
dessalar	dessalés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
trenar	trenes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
deixar	deixés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
hipnotitzar	hipnotitzis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
recompondre	recompongui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
esglaiar	esglaiar	V;NFIN;catalan
felicitar	felicitàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
armar	armàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
discutir	discutissin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
renovar	renovàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ubicar	ubicaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
xopar	xopàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
filtrar	filtrà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
parèixer	paregueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
rejovenir	rejoveniu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
exiliar	exiliaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
acusar	acusaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
empapussar	empapussant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ajornar	ajornar	V;NFIN;catalan
polaritzar	polaritzareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
casar	caso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
impedir	impedit	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
refutar	refutaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
orinar	orinà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
alegrar	alegraré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
davallar	davallar	V;NFIN;catalan
explicar	explico	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
triar	triaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
estendre	estendre	V;NFIN;catalan
atrevir-se	atrevim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
atrofiar	atrofieu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
escampar	escampava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
embarrancar	embarrancaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
acampar	acampessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
oposar	oposaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
sopar	soparé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ofendre	ofenia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ascendir	ascendiria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
secretar	secretà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
vaporitzar	vaporitzessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
restringir	restringí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
emetre	emetin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
relaxar	relaxaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
adquirir	adquirí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
tibar	tibarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
sepultar	sepultava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
intitular	intitulat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
oir	oeixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ionitzar	ionitzaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
aixecar	aixequen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
acordar	acordem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
pagar	pagueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
asseure's	t'assegueres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
originar	originessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
continuar	continuarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
abominar	abominessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
conjuntar	conjuntares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
evitar	evitàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
incrementar	incrementaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
gratular	gratulàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
conjuntar	conjuntaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
demanar	demanant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
sucar	suqués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
escampar	escamparíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
persuadir	persuadiria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
dragar	dragaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
pessigar	pessiga	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
alletar	alletaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
nadar	nadà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
venir	veníem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
firmar	firmaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
tirar	tirar	V;NFIN;catalan
raure	raurà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
preocupar	preocupar	V;NFIN;catalan
esdevenir	esdevingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
embenar	embenares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
destripar	destripi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
revenir	revenir	V;NFIN;catalan
aixecar	aixequi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
lexicalitzar	lexicalitza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
dispersar	dispersen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
zigzaguejar	zigzaguegin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
desbloquejar	desbloquejo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
enfrontar	enfrontem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
renillar	renillaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ressortir	ressurt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
demolir	demoleixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
confiar	confiàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
modular	modularàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
decebre	decebeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
xiular	xiularíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
labiovelaritzar	labiovelaritza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
creure	creguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
pasturar	pasturem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
afavorir	afavorí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
recordar	recordeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
tiranitzar	tiranitzin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
estacar	estacaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
aguar	aguo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
aprendre	après	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
mocar	moquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
fornir	forneixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
collir	collien	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
calmar	calmin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
dragar	dragàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
refrescar	refrescar	V;NFIN;catalan
capitular	capitulem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
encendre	encenguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
entrevistar	entrevistareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
alliberar	alliberaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
proporcionar	proporcionà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
desplaçar	desplacen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
pretendre	pretès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
pronunciar	pronunciéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
emmascarar	emmascari	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
heure	havem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
universalitzar	universalitzem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
carregar	carreguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
quantificar	quantificada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
amansir	amansí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
alegrar	alegraven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
fertilitzar	fertilitzarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
afavorir	afavorireu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
solucionar	solucioni	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
aportar	aportaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
edificar	edificaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
batallar	batallant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
desbordar	desbordeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
basar	basada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
roncar	ronqueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
beneir	beneíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
dedicar	dediquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
vexar	vexar	V;NFIN;catalan
posseir	posseïssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
impulsar	impulsaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
neutralitzar	neutralitzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
cooperar	cooperar	V;NFIN;catalan
espantar	espantés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
lligar	lligant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
sobreescalfar	sobreescalfaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
tatuar	tatués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
dragar	draguis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
acudir	acudissis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
servir	servires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
dilatar	dilataríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
anglicitzar	anglicitzaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
vedar	vedaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
vocalitzar	vocalitzàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
secretar	secretés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
disseminar	disseminàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
exhalar	exhaleu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
regressar	regressem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
caminar	caminés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
convèncer	convencérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
insistir	insistiríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
vacil·lar	vacil·lés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
presidir	presidíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
pelar	pelaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
pair	paeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
beure	begui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
sexar	sexada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
discutir	discutís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
honrar	honrà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
vigilar	vigilaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
deduir	deduint	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
infondre	infonies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
xiuxiuejar	xiuxiuegis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
empitjorar	empitjora	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
deshumanitzar	deshumanitzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
materialitzar	materialitzà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
saludar	saludaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
dissociar	dissociar	V;NFIN;catalan
castrar	castrant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
estar	estant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
narrar	narrades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
obrir	obria	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
assemblar-se	assemblareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
fotogravar	fotogravà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
remuntar	remunteu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
mutar	mutaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
distanciar	distanciaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
netejar	netejarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
caracteritzar	caracteritzarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
admirar	admiràveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
posseir	posseíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
emmagatzemar	emmagatzemis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
arriscar	arriscades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
renillar	renillarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
desautoritzar	desautoritzaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
verificar	verificaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
invitar	invitem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
modelar	modelaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
desmoralitzar	desmoralitzar	V;NFIN;catalan
adonar-se	adonis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
autoritzar	autoritzàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
conservar	conservàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
unir-se	uníeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
retenir	retindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
col·laborar	col·laboraran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
passar-se	passaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
carregar	carrega	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
dubtar	dubtessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
inspirar	inspirem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
lligar	lligui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
capficar-se	capficaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
graduar	gradués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
refusar	refusen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
magnetitzar	magnetitzaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
aidar	aides	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
lamentar	lamentaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
visitar	visitis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
perseverar	perseverin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
argüir	argüireu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
botre	boti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
defensar	defensessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
buidar	buidar	V;NFIN;catalan
eixugar	eixuguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
segellar	segellin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
comprovar	comprovessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ignorar	ignorats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
descosir	descosí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
raure	rauríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
debutar	debutaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
penjar	penges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
esbotifarrar	esbotifarrem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
boicotejar	boicotegeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
reverenciar	reverenciarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
allotjar	allotjarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
provocar	provocaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
mutar	mutares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
deturar	deturessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
corroborar	corroboraries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
colonitzar	colonitzem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
tantalitzar	tantalitzéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
sospitar	sospitaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
reconèixer	reconeixeran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
bombardejar	bombardejaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
especialitzar	especialitzar	V;NFIN;catalan
seleccionar	seleccionarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
destil·lar	destil·len	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
gelar	gelarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
despertar	despertarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
monetitzar	monetitzarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
abdicar	abdiquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
decidir	decidides	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
pair	país	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
aproximar	aproximaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
parlar	parlaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
fixar	fixem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
soldar	soldarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
fredejar	fredejareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
laborar	laboraries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
pair	pair	V;NFIN;catalan
començar	començat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
derrotar	derrotin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
profunditzar	profunditzant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
calcular	calculava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
preguntar-se	preguntaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
manipular	manipulem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
actuar	actues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
inclinar	inclinaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
nominar	nominaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
afavorir	afavoreixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
corroir	corroïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
destorbar	destorbat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
aprendre	aprenguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
gaudir	gaudim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
espolsar	espolsàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
comparèixer	comparegueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
votar	votats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
comportar	comportaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
dissuadir	dissuadim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
cuejar	cueja	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
qüestionar	qüestionin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
perir	perissin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
vomitar	vomitava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
despertar	despertem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
titubar	tituben	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
destituir	destituïu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
buidar	buidares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
proporcionar	proporcionares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
faltar	faltant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
invitar	invitades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
xiular	xiularà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
sorgir	sorgien	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
notar	notàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
humanitzar	humanitzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
extreure	extreguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
potabilitzar	potabilitzareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
debutar	debutareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
gratular	gratular	V;NFIN;catalan
acariciar	acaricies	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
editar	editessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
rebel·lar	rebel·laries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
pasteuritzar	pasteuritzaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
categoritzar	categoritzí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
dibuixar	dibuixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
davallar	davallaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
succeir	succeïu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
complaure	complaurà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
importar	importàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
pescar	pesquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
redactar	redacta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
vehicular	vehiculava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
descoratjar	descoratjaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
merceritzar	merceritzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
solucionar	solucionaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
interessar	interessaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
mesclar	mesclats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
rompre	rompi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
canviar	canviéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
omplir	omplia	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
centrar	centri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
poblar	pobli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
brillar	brilléssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
alletar	alletin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
seguir	seguiu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
manumetre	manumetràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
unificar	unifià	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
envair	envairien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
pregar	pregava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
irritar	irritaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
enfocar	enfoqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
transmetre	transmetia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
coagular	coagulada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
rendir	rendeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
verbalitzar	verbalitzada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
merceritzar	merceritzem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
introduir	introduïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
cansar	canso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
passar	passaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
profunditzar	profunditzaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
motoritzar	motoritzàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
conceptualitzar	conceptualitza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
soldar	soldeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
adormir-se	adormit	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
amenaçar	amenaçaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
destacar	destacaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
transliterar	transliterí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
vincular	vinculis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
departir	departirà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
reemplaçar	reemplací	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
transfondre	transfonguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
cantar	cantaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ensopir	ensopí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
resistir	resistiu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
sostenir	sostingudes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
internacionalitzar	internacionalitzareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
sagnar	sagnaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
temptar	temptades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ficar	ficà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
nacionalitzar	nacionalitzí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
mudar	mudar	V;NFIN;catalan
entendre	entenguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
explotar	explotes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
exhumar	exhumi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
segregar	segregaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
tatuar	tatuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
néixer	naixeria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
salar	salaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
alternar	alternaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
memoritzar	memoritzessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
extrapolar	extrapolarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
sincronitzar	sincronitzem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
gratar	gratares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
tancar	tancava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
deprimir	deprimim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
alçar	alçaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
atrofiar	atrofiéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
posar	poseu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
lloar	lloà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
botre	bot	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ruixar	ruixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
agitar	agitàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
aproximar	aproximes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
esbrinar	esbrinats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
accelerar	accelerin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
acudir	acudeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
elaborar	elabora	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
produir	produïssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
comprovar	comprovada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
llençar	llençava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
desaparèixer	desapareixeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
analitzar	analitza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
abrandar	abrandàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
excretar	excretaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
dominar	dominarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
noure	nou	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
pol·linitzar	pol·linitzaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
experimentar	experimenteu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
reconciliar	reconciliares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
esmenar	esmeno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
tremolar	tremola	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ascendir	ascendiu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
derrotar	derroteu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
sintetitzar	sintetitzà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
atemptar	atemptem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
parèixer	pareguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
atraure	atraguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
dominar	dominaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
emmagatzemar	emmagatzemaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
boxar	boxa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
botre	botí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
afusellar	afusellem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
llençar	llençaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
terminar	terminem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
avorrir	avorrí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
avantatjar	avantatjàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
congelar	congelaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
immobilitzar	immobilitzaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
occir	occissin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
sorprendre	sorprendríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
satisfer	satisfaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
enganyar	enganyaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
inicialitzar	inicialitzin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
intersectar	intersectis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
entretenir	entretindríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
funcionar	funcionés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
arraulir-se	arraulires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
moldre	molguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
espaventar	espaventaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
instaurar	instaurar	V;NFIN;catalan
refondre	refondrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
acostar	acostaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
escollir	escollim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
economitzar	economitzarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
alliberar	allibereu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
salvar	salvo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ionitzar	ionitza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
nuar	nuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
esternudar	esternudaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
desobeir	desobeiria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
mitigar	mitigades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
motivar	motivava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
fornir	fornits	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
unir-se	unissis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
exercir	exercíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
exclamar	exclameu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
aplicar	apliquí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
absorbir	absorbits	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
sostenir	sostindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
espaventar	espaventeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
globalitzar	globalitzarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
atreure	atreies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ocupar-se	ocupes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
verbalitzar	verbalitzeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
indicar	indiqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
assimilar	assimilar	V;NFIN;catalan
encapçalar	encapçalaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
oferir	ofereixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
vincular	vincularà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
tronar	tronem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
toldre	toldria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
iniciar	inicia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
inspirar	inspiraràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
reflexionar	reflexionem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
intimidar	intimidares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
sabotejar	sabotejàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
acompanyar	acompanyaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
afegir	afegeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
comprovar	comprovarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
atacar	ataquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
merèixer	mereixeré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
gaudir	gaudissis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
aprofitar	aprofitaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
recordar	recordat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
beure	bevent	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
grapejar	grapejarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
adormir	adormida	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
fondre	fon	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
desamortitzar	desamortitzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
codificar	codificaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
trillar	trillàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
anhelar	anhelí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
alletar	alleteu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ventilar	ventilem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
sofrir	sofriran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
acorralar	acorralareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
distingir	distingiries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
enutjar	enutjaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
oprimir	oprimeixen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
deixar	deixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
seleccionar	seleccionaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
intimidar	intimidàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
tirar	tireu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
enregistrar	enregistrats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
insultar	insulti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
jaquir	jaqueixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
dramatitzar	dramatitzaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
intervenir	intervindria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
negar	negueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
heretar	heretin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
acostumar	acostumareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
elaborar	elaborarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
obligar	obliguem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
verificar	verifiquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
infondre	infoníeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
boxar	boxar	V;NFIN;catalan
boxar	boxarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
incrementar	incrementareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
representar	representessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
competir	competeixin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
reforçar	reforcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
atènyer	atenyéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
indicar	indiqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
afalagar	afalagava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
activar	activaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
formar	formar	V;NFIN;catalan
desodorar	desodoràrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
executar	executaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
neutralitzar	neutralitzeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
intensificar	intensificades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
naufragar	naufragats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
remenar	remenats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
creuar	creueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
amagar	amagava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
aixecar	aixeco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
resultar	resulteu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
brotar	brotis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
torturar	torturarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
restar	restàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
dutxar-se	dutxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
sorprendre	sorprenen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
disputar	disputessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
retre	retí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
abominar	abominada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
oprimir	oprimeixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
rotar	rotaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
aguar	agüessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
consolidar	consolidessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
recompondre	recompondre	V;NFIN;catalan
simbolitzar	simbolitzàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
procrastinar	procrastini	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
combatre	combatria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
mossegar	mossegats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
normalitzar	normalitzaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
impetrar	impetrava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
internacionalitzar	internacionalitzaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
assolir	assoliria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
vacil·lar	vacil·lem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
malvendre	malveneu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
simular	simularà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
sucar	suqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
aturar	aturaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
reverenciar	reverenciar	V;NFIN;catalan
activar	activessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
carbonitzar	carbonitzem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
invitar	invités	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
violar	violarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
rentar	rentéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
traspassar	traspassa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
expulsar	expulsi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
recomptar	recomptessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
encaixar	encaixàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
aconseguir	aconseguissis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
infondre	infonguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ancorar	ancorarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
graduar	graduàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
escanejar	escanegéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
calcular	calculés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
foradar	foradessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
criticar	criticava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
assemblar	assemblaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
onejar	onegessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
destil·lar	destil·les	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
concebre	concebut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
jutjar	jutjà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ballar	ballí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
elaborar	elaborat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
sotmetre	sotmet	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
presidir	presidies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
conservar	conservava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
nomenar	nomenaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
acollir	acollires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
sondejar	sondejar	V;NFIN;catalan
sobreestimar	sobreestimin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
neutralitzar	neutralitzis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
rebaixar	rebaixats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
explicar	explicàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
soldar	soldi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
destinar	destinar	V;NFIN;catalan
emigrar	emigrava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
invitar	invitaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
afirmar	afirmeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
podar	podaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ionitzar	ionitzaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ocupar	ocupaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
botre	botin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
proclamar	proclamin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
acampar	acamparen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
precisar	preciseu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
dispersar	dispersés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
escaramussar	escaramussí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
refregar	refreguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
desencadenar	desencadenaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
encreuar	encreuat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
soterrar	soterrarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
comparèixer	compareguis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
desautoritzar	desautoritzeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
quedar-se	quedada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
contraatacar	contraataquessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ennuvolar-se	ennuvolí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
suplicar	suplicàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
exhalar	exhalats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
dirimir	dirimiré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
empaquetar	empaqueti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
aturar	aturaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
votar	voteu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
obtenir	obtingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
demanar	demanà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
deduir	dedueix	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
forjar	forjaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
lluitar	lluita	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
desodoritzar	desodoritzar	V;NFIN;catalan
vexar	vexi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
rentar	rentades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
amenaçar	amenaçaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
corregir	corregís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
millorar	millorava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
retallar	retallin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
sol·licitar	sol·licitem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
netejar	neteja	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
davallar	davallant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
degradar	degradava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
departir	departeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
clamar	clamaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
edificar	edificaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
potabilitzar	potabilitzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
penjar	penjat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
absoldre	absolgué	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
demanar	demanéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
lloar	lloaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
vincular	vinculàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
etiquetar	etiqueteu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
suspendre	suspendrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
arrapar	arraparíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
dimitir	dimitires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
fugir	fugis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
estandarditzar	estandarditzaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
catapultar	catapulteu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
reconciliar	reconcilies	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
recollir	recollireu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
regular	circularen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
partir	partida	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
determinar	determina	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
inhumar	inhumaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
perfumar	perfumàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
inflar	inflarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
voler	voldreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
passejar	passeja	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
menysvalorar	menysvalorarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
afeblir	afebliu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
dificultar	dificultàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
governar	governis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
familiaritzar	familiaritzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
agafar	agafeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
privar	priveu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
construir	construíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
honrar	honràreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
dimitir	dimitien	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
rellegir	rellegien	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
decebre	decebuda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
despatxar	despatxà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
reiterar	reiteraria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
enlluernar	enlluernem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
haver	hauries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
involucrar	involucràrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
reformar	reformà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
refrescar	refresqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
escanejar	escanegés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
convocar	convocaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
afaitar	afaitaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
descoratjar	descoratjaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
balcanitzar	balcanitzares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
universalitzar	universalitzin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
dispersar	dispersa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
onejar	onejaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
jugar	jugaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
clamar	clamem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
crucificar	crucifiqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
odiar	odiarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
viatjar	viatgis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
descentralitzar	descentralitzaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ronronejar	ronronegessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
pruir	pruís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
firmar	firmin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
indignar	indignant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
regar	reguem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
impedir	impedida	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
dirigir	dirigit	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
continuar	continua	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
miolar	miolaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
dejunar	dejuno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
excitar	excitis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
casar	casessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
difamar	difamares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
patir	pateixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
coexistir	coexistits	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
remenar	remenaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
escampar	escamparia	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
telefonar	telefonaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
negar	negues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
immobilitzar	immobilitzares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
animar	animarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
imitar	imitàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
provocar	provocaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
inscriure	inscriguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
fotografiar	fotografiem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
saciar	saciï	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
orientalitzar	orientalitzí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
influir	influiria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
dubtar	dubtem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
poder	pots	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
acompanyar	acompanyis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
laïcitzar	laïcitzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
felicitar	felicitaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
eixir	eixiu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
llogar	llogaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
preguntar	preguntaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
necessitar	necessitaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
causar	causares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
enfocar	enfocaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
facilitar	facilitant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
vorejar	vorejàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
marxar	marxaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
concentrar	concentràvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
esdevenir	esdevinguts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ridiculitzar	ridiculitzades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
mutar	mutessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
tornar	tornéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
distribuir	distribuïm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
raure	rau	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
arrodonir	arrodoniré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
dragar	dragava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
abreujar	abreuja	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
buidar	buidi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
arrissar	arrissa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
crear	crearé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
intuir	intuíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
estimar	estimaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
bramar	bramaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
arrodonir	arrodonida	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
reclamar	reclami	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
arrossegar	arrossega	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
propagar	propaga	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
anunciar	anunciant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
formar	formaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
liderar	liderarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
simular	simula	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
experimentar	experimentaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
estossegar	estossegueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
deïficar	deïfiquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
hibernar	hibernaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
normalitzar	normalitzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
deure	deguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ocupar-se	ocupessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
fotosintetitzar	fotosintetitzaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
monetitzar	monetitzada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
esforçar	esforçava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
travessar	travessen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
concedir	concedíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ensorrar	ensorràreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
doctorar	doctorin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
allotjar	allotja	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
cloure	cloguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
hospitalitzar	hospitalitzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
recuperar	recuperats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
rascar	rasca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
negar	negava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
heretar	heretarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
aproximar	aproximaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
evocar	evocar	V;NFIN;catalan
verificar	verificaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
expandir	expandí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
propiciar	propicio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
renovar	renovem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
sobreviure	sobrevisquérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
subestimar	subestimaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
dévaler	dévalent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
plomber	plombez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
requinquer	requinquât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
fureter	furetasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
creindre	cremons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
impulser	impulse	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
biguiner	biguinerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
assumer	assume	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
moraliser	moralisant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
stagner	stagnâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
décroiser	décroise	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
canter	canter	V;NFIN;french
impulser	impulses	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
raffoler	raffoleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
amarsir	amarsira	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
exulter	exulteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
fliquer	fliqueront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
réoccuper	en réoccupant	V.CVB;PRS;french
jointoyer	jointoyait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
infantiliser	infantilisassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
envouter	envoutât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
praesider	praesiderois	V;COND;2;SG;french
accomplir	accomplis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
valoriser	valorisions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
disner	disne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
mélodramatiser	mélodramatisé	V.PTCP;PST;french
repeindre	en repeignant	V.CVB;PRS;french
adoniser	adonisassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
lober	lobaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
retraiter	retraitera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
choquer	choquerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
baptizer	baptizeriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
actualiser	actualisâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
reformer	reformeraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
shampouiner	shampouinerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
médeciner	médecinerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
funder	fundasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
guaaignier	guaaigneriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
léviter	lévitent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
palpiter	palpitiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
deschevaler	deschevaus	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
rempoter	rempotais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
industrialiser	industrialiserons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
défaire	défîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
quêter	quêtera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
regrouper	regroupassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
résider	résida	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
oraliser	oralisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
débotter	débottâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
hystériser	hystérisât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
désenivrer	désenivre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
désappointer	désappointeraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
calciner	calcinais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
caviarder	caviarda	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
métamorphiser	métamorphisez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
fourrer	fourrai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
estiquier	estiquasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
engraver	engravèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
flânocher	flânoche	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ajourer	ajourerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
singulariser	singularises	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
dismuter	dismute	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
affabuler	affabule	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
pochier	pochasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
réaligner	réaligne	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
décomprimer	décomprimassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
mutualiser	mutualisassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
enliser	enlisâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
tranprer	tranprassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
recouper	recouperai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
amordancer	amordance	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
épingler	épingler	V;NFIN;french
afubler	afubla	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
destiner	destina	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
cumancier	cumancissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
renchérir	renchérissions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
esveigler	esveigleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
disjoindre	disjoignissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
despoillier	despoilleroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
pochier	pochoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
pitonner	pitonnais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
diminuer	diminuerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
renvoyer	renverrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
rejouer	rejouasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
divertir	divertirai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
embler	emblas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
compénétrer	compénètre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
deguiser	deguiseriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ateindre	ateignoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
concentrer	concentrassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
toucher	touchais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
espeer	espeeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
se pelotonner	te pelotonnasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
surcuire	surcuirons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
endosser	endosses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
contractualiser	contractualise	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
réfléchir	réfléchissons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
enregistrer	enregistrerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
encliner	enclinerois	V;COND;1;SG;french
poétiser	poétise	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
modérer	modèreriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
chercher	cherchent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
chérir	chérit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
renationaliser	renationalisez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
alerter	alerteraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
encarter	encartent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
surbaisser	surbaisses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
déstabiliser	déstabilise	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
quester	questant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
mincir	mincissant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
toussoter	toussoteriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ébouer	ébouassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
merveiller	merveille	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
peinturlurer	peinturlurais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
déshydrater	déshydrater	V;NFIN;french
abcéder	abcéder	V;NFIN;french
bobiner	bobinais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
babiller	babillerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
convier	conviais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
robotiser	robotisassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
reconstituer	reconstituerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
cabosser	cabosserai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
sacrifier	sacrifient	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
enrubanner	enrubanne	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
slicer	slices	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
bouéler	bouèle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
transiter	transitassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
accueillir	accueilleraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
saurer	saure	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
désirer	désire	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
organiser	organisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
cylindrer	cylindré	V.PTCP;PST;french
abréagir	abréagirais	V;COND;1;SG;french
centrer	centriez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
subir	subit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
attribuer	attribue	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
carrer	carrerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
purposer	purposez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
apprivoiser	apprivoisèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
præsenter	præsentiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
caviarder	caviardâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
aturner	aturnastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
peigner	peignions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
perler	perlâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
corseter	corsetassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
surutiliser	surutilisas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
cosigner	cosignons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
conjecturer	conjecturé	V.PTCP;PST;french
staliniser	staliniseront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
conférer	conférons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
constituer	constitué	V.PTCP;PST;french
canadianiser	canadianisasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
amarrer	amarrais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
cunfundre	cunfunde	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
étançonner	étançonnai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
indiquer	indiqueriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
pelletiser	pelletisais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
contrecarrer	contrecarra	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
escaufer	escaus	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
haleter	halète	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
bagouler	bagoulassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
abaliéner	abaliènerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
attabler	attabliez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
chevalcer	chevalçant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
vider	vidèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
oeuvrer	oeuvrasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
redrechier	redreches	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
infantiliser	infantilisent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
détraquer	détraquions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
falsifier	falsifiera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
dégoiser	dégoisions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
enfouir	enfouissez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
turluter	turlutèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
défaner	défanerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
prédisposer	prédisposerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
désillusionner	désillusionniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
voiturer	voituriez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
restructurer	restructurerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
foetter	foettes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
emboutir	emboutissais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
encorager	encorajames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ennuager	ennuage	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
oublier	oublie	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
emmailloter	emmaillote	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
saupoudrer	saupoudré	V.PTCP;PST;french
abcéder	abcédassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
rester	restera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
taillader	tailladèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
créneler	crénele	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
désinsectiser	désinsectisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
encocher	encochez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
exproprier	expropries	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
dilapider	dilapidasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
grignoter	grignote	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
empester	empeste	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
desprisonner	desprisonnent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
réimaginer	réimaginai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
dismuter	dismutons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
remuscler	remuscler	V;NFIN;french
recréditer	recréditez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
tramper	trampes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
réimposer	réimposais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
écranter	écranteront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
javelliser	javellisé	V.PTCP;PST;french
translittérer	translittèrerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
embusquer	embusquassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
gauder	gaudera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
repeler	repeaut	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
sonjer	sonje	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
localiser	localisât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
agatiser	agatiserons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
remonter	remontant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
préchauffer	préchauffe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
faucer	fauça	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
biffer	biffions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
crédibiliser	crédibilisez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
emmaillotter	emmaillottât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
bruisser	bruissèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
affiner	affinait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
affréter	affrétassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
abraser	abrase	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
parapher	paraphas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
assombrir	assombrîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
épauler	épaulez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
extraire	N	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
enbuschier	enbuschent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
melancholier	melancholié	V.PTCP;PST;french
juer	jüeriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
armorier	armorions	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
bouffer	bouffions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
relascher	relaschez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
remuscler	remusclé	V.PTCP;PST;french
endormir	endormissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
papillonner	papillonnent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
allouer	allouons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
gyrer	gyrant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
goinfrer	se goinfre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
exacerber	exacerbe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
pardoner	pardonons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
décrédibiliser	décrédibilisait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
houssepillier	houssepillions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
compromettre	compromettraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
saliniser	salinisassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
aduler	adulé	V.PTCP;PST;french
désaxer	désaxât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
meuler	meulant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
boursouffler	boursoufflâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
réioniser	réioniserions	V;COND;1;PL;french
réentonner	réentonnassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
jaunir	jaunirais	V;COND;2;SG;french
prélever	prélèveras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
pivoter	pivotent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
sejorner	sejorneroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
hybrider	hybrideras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
surfer	surferaient	V;COND;3;PL;french
rebuker	rebukons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
baréter	barétez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
forjuger	forjugerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
dériver	dérivas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
encager	encagé	V.PTCP;PST;french
desçandre	desçandent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
surbooker	surbookiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
hydrater	hydratât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
masser	masserais	V;COND;1;SG;french
nébuliser	nébulisons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
prester	prestons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
fayoter	fayoteront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
recumencier	recumençons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
traînasser	traînassions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
atochier	atocha	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
breer	bres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
subsumer	subsument	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
nagier	najoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
succéder	succède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
iriser	irisé	V.PTCP;PST;french
liquéfier	liquéfie	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
alanguir	alanguissais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
boutonner	boutonneras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
cligner	clignez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
farfouiller	farfouille	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
enchausser	enchausserions	V;COND;1;PL;french
prophétiser	prophétiseriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
enpirier	enpiroies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
chercher	chercheras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
gauger	gaugeroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
iolyer	iolyassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
pimprelocher	pimprelocherais	V;COND;2;SG;french
papilloter	papillote	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
enthousiasmer	enthousiasmeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
heiler	heilez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
quêter	quêtons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
sous-estimer	sous-estimeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
contrôler	contrôleront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
démondialiser	démondialise	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
souffleter	souffletassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
brusquer	brusquerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
bitumer	bitume	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
resforcier	resforce	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
bénir	bénis	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
vivoter	vivoterais	V;COND;1;SG;french
plorer	plorez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
aboivrer	aboivres	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
desvoier	desvoioient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
mâchonner	mâchonnais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
priser	prises	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
syllogiser	syllogiser	V;NFIN;french
côteler	côteliez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
déguerpir	déguerpisses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
conjoir	joiiens	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
andurer	andure	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
transir	transis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
proposer	proposerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
mériter	méritasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
desprisoner	desprisonera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
entamer	entamerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
atterrer	atterrèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
roucouler	roucouleront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
missionner	missionnez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
privilégier	privilégierais	V;COND;2;SG;french
amortir	amortis	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
esperer	espera	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
engroissier	engroissasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
sauvegarder	sauvegarderions	V;COND;1;PL;french
renflouer	renflouerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
plucher	pluchâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
situer	situassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
agresser	agressiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
japoniser	japonise	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
décamper	décamperais	V;COND;2;SG;french
enfiler	enfilez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
cercher	cerchons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
flaquer	flaquez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
barder	en bardant	V.CVB;PRS;french
boursouffler	boursoufflaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
estiver	estivent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
riper	riperons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
débarquer	débarque	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
recracher	recrachiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
chalouper	chaloupant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
despoillier	despoillassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
tremper	trempas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
resuner	resunerent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
songier	sonjoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
queroler	querolassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
générer	générions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
araser	arases	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
tacler	tacle	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
motoriser	motorisent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
tringler	tringleraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
attiger	attigeas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
entreposer	entrepose	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
fiscaliser	fiscalisassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
rabâcher	rabâchaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
brouter	broutiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
crachoter	crachotais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
reconnaître	reconnus	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
assener	assèneriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
éviscérer	éviscérez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
chiffrer	chiffrions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
desafubler	desafubleront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
esmerveillier	esmerveillant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
bénéficier	bénéficiassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
sortir	sortions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
rectifier	rectifiant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
intituler	en intitulant	V.CVB;PRS;french
éplucher	épluchassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
favoriser	favorisaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
empêtrer	empêtrasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
differer	differes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
bobiner	bobinais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
capitonner	en capitonnant	V.CVB;PRS;french
vestir	vestiroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
pissier	pissasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
victimer	victimerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
navaliser	navaliserez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
esmerveillier	esmerveille	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
punir	punissaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
funambuler	funambulerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ciseler	cisèlerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
empresser	empresseraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
gnoquer	gnoquerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
cuisiner	cuisinerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
adestrer	adestrer	V;NFIN;french
domicilier	domicilièrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
medeciner	medecinoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
dracher	draché	V.PTCP;PST;french
désodoriser	désodorisassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
reclasser	reclassant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
encapuchonner	encapuchonnassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
bluter	blutai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
barater	barat	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
raccrocher	raccrochez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
embêter	embêtera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
coïter	coïtassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
haleter	haletant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
disculper	disculper	V;NFIN;french
dépourvoir	dévu	V.PTCP;PST;french
truquer	truquer	V;NFIN;french
ennoblir	ennoblirez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
coisier	coiseroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
violer	violassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
flourir	flourissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
solutionner	solutionne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
connaitre	connaisse	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
antrespargnier	antrespargnasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
troer	troerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
démoustiquer	démoustiquasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
pontifier	pontifiasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
punaiser	punaiserai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
préconiser	préconisassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
bromer	bromiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
saigner	saignait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
injurier	injurierions	V;COND;1;PL;french
mijoter	mijoteront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
mésestimer	mésestimas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
retracer	retraces	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
terreauter	terreauté	V.PTCP;PST;french
préluder	préludent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
driver	drivais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
réaléser	réalèsent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
moucheter	mouchettes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
coudoyer	coudoyez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
focaliser	focalisâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
chalenger	chalenjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
grillager	grillageai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
souffrir	souffrir	V;NFIN;french
abhorrer	abhorriez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
cintrer	cintraient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
fossiliser	fossilisons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
embêter	embêterons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
bayser	bayserois	V;COND;1;SG;french
gambiller	gambillions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
choper	choperaient	V;COND;3;PL;french
industrialiser	industrialises	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
substantiver	substantivera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
parfaire	parferai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
abcéder	abcède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
rouiller	rouillerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
déblayer	déblaye	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
enhabiter	enhabiteroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
matérialiser	en matérialisant	V.CVB;PRS;french
fractionner	fractionnassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
capturer	en capturant	V.CVB;PRS;french
lamer	lame	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
breaker	breaké	V.PTCP;PST;french
tresser	tressai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
agatiser	agatisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
diaprer	diaprerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
avancier	avancerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
budgétiser	budgétisez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
entretenir	entretenons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
régresser	régressais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
surconduire	surconduisis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
jargonner	jargonnent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
scalper	scalper	V;NFIN;french
saupoudrer	saupoudre	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ensiler	ensilons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
reconduire	reconduis	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
dialoguer	dialoguais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
embuschier	embuscherai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
carapater	carapaté	V.PTCP;PST;french
meshaignier	meshaignia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
placarder	placarde	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
velouter	veloutât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
estoffer	estofferoient	V;COND;3;PL;french
solenniser	solennisasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
putrifier	putrifiastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
remontrer	remontré	V.PTCP;PST;french
convenir	convenais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
andoctriner	andoctrinissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
transcrire	transcrive	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
rager	ragèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
chanter	chantons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
authentiquer	authentiques	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
fonder	fonde	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
glacer	glaçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
enjôler	enjôle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
entrempescher	s'entrempeschoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
monopoliser	monopoliseras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
incendier	incendiât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
épouvanter	épouvantez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
agenouiller	agenouillera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
flirter	flirtions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
endetter	endetterions	V;COND;1;PL;french
blablater	blablations	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
désenterrer	désenterre	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
démouler	démoules	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
faucer	faucerois	V;COND;2;SG;french
frémir	frémîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
électriser	électriseriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
membrer	membrai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
chouraver	chouraverait	V;COND;3;SG;french
affliger	affligeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
décarburer	décarbure	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
dissocier	dissociassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ingurgiter	ingurgiterais	V;COND;2;SG;french
exhorter	exhortâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
repeler	repelassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
embucher	embuche	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
assassiner	assassinerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
minimiser	minimisons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
revisiter	revisitiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
décalcifier	décalcifiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
draper	drapait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
envoier	envoie	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
asséner	assènes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
prédire	prédissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
agenouiller	agenouille	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
nettoier	nettoiiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
remounter	remounteroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
cauteriser	cauterisoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
quasser	quasseroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
dessouder	dessoude	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
jasper	jaspasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
épouiller	épouille	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
réabsorber	réabsorbe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
surpayer	surpayâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
officialiser	officialisa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
disqualifier	disqualifiasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
couiner	couina	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
atempter	atempterois	V;COND;1;SG;french
bousiller	bousillais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
esloigner	esloigniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
participer	participeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
pendiller	pendille	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ravaler	ravalais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
défruiter	défruitais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
repeupler	repeuplé	V.PTCP;PST;french
atomiser	atomisons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
désinfecter	désinfectez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
procrastiner	procrastinait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
eschalfer	eschalf	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
cheminer	cheminassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
mariner	marinai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
barrer	barrons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
resigner	resigné	V.PTCP;PST;french
pourporter	pourportoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
teinter	teinte	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
avancer	avançons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
sodomiser	sodomisera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
marger	marges	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
dépendre	dépendais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
éventer	éventassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
apurer	apurer	V;NFIN;french
coniecturer	coniecture	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
dépendre	dépendisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
défocaliser	défocaliseras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
essaucier	essaucier	V;NFIN;french
receler	recelions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
graisser	graisserons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
fignoler	fignoles	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
rainurer	rainure	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
décroitre	décroissait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
larder	larde	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
orthonormaliser	orthonormalisâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ménager	ménageas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
tarabistouiller	tarabistouillerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
polychromer	polychromeraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
manecier	maneciiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
dialyser	dialyserais	V;COND;1;SG;french
traire	trayait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
consteller	constellâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
fauser	fausoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
décéder	décède	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
irradier	irradions	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
décaler	décale	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
coupler	couplerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
renverser	renverseriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
condicionner	condicionniiens	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
accomplir	accomplissait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
précipiter	précipitions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
reconduire	reconduisais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
tricoter	tricoteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
mailer	mailassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
suffoquer	suffoque	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
démanger	démanger	V;NFIN;french
contrecarrer	contrecarre	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ravir	ravisses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
envoiier	envoiié	V.PTCP;PST;french
reconforter	reconfortez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
réenchérir	réenchérirons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
rééquilibrer	rééquilibrasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
beneir	beneïssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
désamianter	désamiantèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
stupéfier	stupéfiât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
habituer	habitue	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
aviner	avineriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
savonner	savonnerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
dépuceler	dépucèle	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
engoler	engolissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
putrefier	en putrefiant	V.CVB;PRS;french
subvenir	subvenir	V;NFIN;french
recroiser	recroiserais	V;COND;2;SG;french
metre	meṣisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
déprogrammer	déprogrammer	V;NFIN;french
permettre	permettait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
esguiser	esguiserez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
violenter	violenteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
bolcheviser	bolchevisais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
emprendre	emprenez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
retenir	retiendra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
googler	googlassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
méditer	méditiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
hebergier	hebergions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
défaire	défaisaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
troubler	troublions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
éprendre	éprendrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
fracturer	fracturât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
caler	calaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
déplacer	déplaçais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
dépenser	dépenses	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
désulfurer	désulfurera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
atraire	atraisissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
défriper	défriper	V;NFIN;french
nourrir	nourriraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
formater	formatassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
darder	dardent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
chiquer	chiquâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
gainer	gainions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
appliquer	appliquiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
conmenchier	conmenchier	V;NFIN;french
entrouvrir	entrouvert	V.PTCP;PST;french
projeter	projetteraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
écarquiller	écarquille	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
rapeler	en rapelant	V.CVB;PRS;french
indiquer	indiquerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
énucléer	énucléas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
prohiber	prohiberait	V;COND;3;SG;french
déroger	déroge	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
déchiffrer	déchiffrions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
postuler	postulais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
chinoiser	chinoisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
brosder	brosdez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
desarmer	desarment	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
décliver	déclivassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
enrouler	enrouleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
dégueuler	dégueula	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
réclamer	réclames	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
boivre	bevriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
écorner	écornai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
partir	partîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
jacqueter	jacquetent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
montrer	montrâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
carder	cardât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
annuler	annuliez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
dynamiter	dynamiteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
minuter	minuterai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
creindre	creinsist	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
chatoyer	chatoie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
abaubir	abaubisse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
dementer	dementames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
escrier	escrierez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
lanciner	lancinais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
troncher	troncherez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
deçoivre	decevons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
mordiller	mordillions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
croustiller	croustillent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
advouer	advouerois	V;COND;1;SG;french
antredoner	antredonasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
distancer	distancerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
sexer	sexez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
menasser	menassast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
menstruer	menstruons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
titrer	titre	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
aquitter	aquitta	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
bataillier	batailloie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
bénir	bénissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
gueuler	gueulasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
zéolitiser	zéolitisaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
céder	cédiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
débecter	débectassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
réalimenter	réalimenta	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
fructefier	fructefioie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
asaillir	asaudront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
brutaliser	brutalisasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
piétonner	piétonnera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
agenoiller	m'agenoilleroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
ocrer	ocrèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
lambiner	lambinerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
rétrécir	rétrécissiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
chalongier	chalongeroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
transmuer	transmue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
conlauder	conlaudent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
appareiller	appareillaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
surtraiter	surtraitassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
carburer	carburiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
fulminer	fulminez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
voter	votez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
adiouster	adiousteroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
avitailler	avitaillais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
gérer	gèrera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
assiéger	assiégions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
tonifier	tonifiâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
affriquer	affriquait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
gripper	grippé	V.PTCP;PST;french
proceder	procede	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
biner	bina	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
implorer	imploreras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
décharger	déchargé	V.PTCP;PST;french
cocufier	cocufiâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
souner	souneriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
concilier	concilierait	V;COND;3;SG;french
baragouiner	baragouiné	V.PTCP;PST;french
forgier	forgent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
polyploïdiser	polyploïdise	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
aisier	aisoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
frauder	fraude	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
recommander	recommande	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
armoier	armoier	V;NFIN;french
esgarer	esgarast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
tringler	tringlera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
boutonner	boutonnerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ralentir	ralentirent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
bidonner	bidonniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
renflouer	renfloua	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
destemprer	destemprons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
treire	treiiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
décélérer	décélère	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
imminer	immine	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
inventorier	inventoriassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
peser	pèserais	V;COND;2;SG;french
returner	returné	V.PTCP;PST;french
ébarber	ébarbé	V.PTCP;PST;french
detranprer	detranpres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
incrémenter	incrémenterai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
précipiter	précipitasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
insignifier	insignifierez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
monochromatiser	monochromatiserions	V;COND;1;PL;french
sympathiser	sympathisais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
réprouver	réprouvasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
libéraliser	libéralisent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
superposer	superposiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
cramer	cramer	V;NFIN;french
radioscopier	radioscopiait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
trusquiner	trusquinera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
décalaminer	décalamine	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
fariner	farinât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
contribuer	contribuant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
éteindre	éteigne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
saccager	saccagerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
suer	suant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
bisquer	bisques	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
veillier	veilleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
effriter	effrite	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
raser	rasât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
harmoniser	en harmonisant	V.CVB;PRS;french
miner	mine	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ébouler	en éboulant	V.CVB;PRS;french
mathématiser	mathématisât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
cibler	cible	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
parbouillir	parbouli	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
exhausser	exhausses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
décapsuler	décapsulerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
éplucher	épluchassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
desrouter	desroutons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
conscientiser	conscientisas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
pikier	pikeroiz	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
abolir	abolit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
eidier	eiuz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
gourmander	gourmande	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
exténuer	exténuer	V;NFIN;french
garrocher	garrochera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
déboiter	déboitais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
plucher	pluchassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
vernir	vernira	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
dévouer	dévouèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
esprover	espruissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
cogérer	cogérer	V;NFIN;french
veeir	veïstes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
divulguer	divulguiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
asseurer	asseurerent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
estouffer	estouffé	V.PTCP;PST;french
embarrasser	embarrassions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
descunseillier	descunseilliez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
interpeller	interpelle	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
grandir	grandissais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
expatrier	expatriâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
réhausser	réhaussais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
entreprendre	entreprît	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
bretonner	bretonne	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
guaaignier	guaaignerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
suçoter	suçotera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
neigeoter	en neigeotant	V.CVB;PRS;french
resplendir	resplendi	V.PTCP;PST;french
user	useraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
maîtriser	maîtrise	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
édenter	édenterait	V;COND;3;SG;french
gêner	gêna	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
tuméfier	tuméfiâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
arroier	arroiois	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
règlementer	règlementant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
paincter	painctai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
défavoriser	défavorisent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
jeuner	jeunez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
centupler	centuplerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
asseoir	assoiriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
laminer	laminez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
fourguer	fourgueriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
antidater	antidations	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
acétifier	acétifierons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
affuter	affute	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
éteindre	éteignez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
revouloir	revoudrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
lover	lovèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
étayer	étaye	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
encoder	encodassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
surplomber	surplombai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
indaguer	indague	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
saluer	salueraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
bichonner	bichonnerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
forcener	forcenâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
saucissonner	saucissonniez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
siffloter	sifflotions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
descreistre	descreissant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
recoiffer	en recoiffant	V.CVB;PRS;french
bioconcentrer	bioconcentreraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
relancer	relançâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
retrousser	retroussaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
activer	activé	V.PTCP;PST;french
fagoter	fagoterai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
régénérer	régénèreront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
knockouter	knockoutez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
décomprimer	décomprimez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
saintefier	saintefioie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
déclamer	déclame	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
affamer	affame	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
détromper	détromperais	V;COND;1;SG;french
affaler	affalaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
dessevrer	dessevrons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
dépêtrer	dépêtrent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
trémousser	trémousserait	V;COND;3;SG;french
creancer	creançasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
homicider	homicidassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
échapper	échappe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
compénétrer	compénètres	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
enginer	engins	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
briller	brillant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
crucifier	crucifiera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
acculer	accules	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
rudoyer	rudoierions	V;COND;1;PL;french
javelliser	javellisais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
vautrer	vautrerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
renoter	renotât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
logier	logeassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
sponsoriser	sponsorise	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
scalper	scalpa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
liguer	se ligueront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
plaire	plaisais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
fariner	farinions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
hoster	hostoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
disner	disnasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
sonner	sonnions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
givrer	givrez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
reiecter	reiectassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
multiplier	multipliions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
sambler	samblez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
élire	élusse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
fleurdelyser	fleurdelysions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
afoler	afolissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
énoncer	énonçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
populariser	popularisait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
biseauter	biseautent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
jouser	jousèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
vangier	vangiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
tempêter	tempêtâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
tuber	tubassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
motiver	motivaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
morphologiser	morphologisons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
déstabiliser	déstabiliseront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
amurer	amurât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
paistre	paissoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
répondre	répondions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
empailler	empaillé	V.PTCP;PST;french
zwanzer	zwanzerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
raccrocher	raccrochant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
alluvionner	alluvionneras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
vociférer	vociférait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
carillonner	carillonnent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
user	userons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
converger	convergiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
enhardir	enhardiront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
escuser	escusasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
habiter	habite	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
désister	désistassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
agoniser	agonisait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
agonir	agoniriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
détrousser	détroussassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
détériorer	détériorai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
écornifler	écornifler	V;NFIN;french
boulocher	boulochions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
dempner	dempnast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
monopoler	monopolera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
étouper	étouperai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
parachuter	parachutâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
émousser	émousserais	V;COND;2;SG;french
survolter	survoltiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
vouer	vouerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
péleriner	pélerinent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
festoyer	festoya	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
doigter	doigtant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
bousculer	bousculâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
nerver	nerveraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
puer	puerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ressembler	ressemble	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
resaccader	resaccades	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
résulter	résultait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
dessaler	dessale	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
momifier	momifierais	V;COND;1;SG;french
marketer	marketerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
bavarder	bavardai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
pyrolyser	pyrolysât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
dévorer	dévore	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
désorienter	désorientais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
butter	buttent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
duveter	duvetasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
croître	croissez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ébahir	ébahissait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
déjuger	déjugerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
colchier	colche	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
énerver	énerveriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
reculer	reculassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
contrepleder	contrepledons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
acouchier	acouchiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
phagocyter	phagocyterai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
brandir	brandîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
désarrimer	désarrimez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
décérébrer	décérèbres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
enfiler	enfilasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
entremanecier	entremanez	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
concorder	concordâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
conduire	conduisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
évaporer	évaporèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
exacerber	exacerberait	V;COND;3;SG;french
tarifier	tarifiiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
adresser	adressions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
relocaliser	relocalisaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
convenir	conviens	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
reprocher	reprochassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
chalenger	chalenges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
clarifier	clarifierais	V;COND;1;SG;french
chaponner	chaponnais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
crouler	crouliez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
délabrer	délabrez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
recuperer	recuperassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
biloquer	biloquât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
rehausser	rehausser	V;NFIN;french
enceinter	enceintais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ombrer	ombre	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
sechier	sechier	V;NFIN;french
nacrer	nacrasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
taster	tastoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
sermonner	sermonneras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
sextupler	sextuple	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
préempter	préempterait	V;COND;3;SG;french
renvoyer	renverrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
décongestionner	décongestionnent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
transpirer	transpiriez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
écornifler	écornifleriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
émincer	éminceront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
conquerre	conquiere	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
décolérer	décolèrerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
tarifer	tariferont	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
railler	raillais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
coter	cote	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
dédorer	dédoreront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
fendiller	fendilleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
réexpédier	réexpédie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
espargner	espargnast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
enceindre	enceignis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
jacker	jackèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
souffrir	souffre	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
assonancer	assonancera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
chier	chieraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
désinsectiser	désinsectises	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
cauterizer	cauterizes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
apostropher	apostrophèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
coincer	coinceriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
bâiller	bâillèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
encorager	encorageriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
démunir	démunissions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
repenser	repensera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
eschaufer	eschaufes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
déloger	délogerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
bouillaver	bouillavent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
collecter	collectaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
eslever	esleves	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
reconsacrer	reconsacrez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
cramponner	cramponna	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
cuirasser	cuirasser	V;NFIN;french
reverdir	reverdissons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
distancier	distanciera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
gargariser	gargarisassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
débâcler	débâcler	V;NFIN;french
dilater	dilaterais	V;COND;1;SG;french
claudiquer	claudiquait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
préchauffer	préchauffassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
tancer	tanciez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
pourpenser	pourpense	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
actualiser	actualisassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
atomiser	atomisasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
girar	girarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
lembrar	lembrásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
escançar	escançais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
bater	bateria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
desvirginar	desvirginavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
chicotear	chicoteando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
datar	datados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
lesar	lesar	V;NFIN;portuguese
encorajar	encorajarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
sondar	sonde	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
alvoroçar	alvoroçássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lamentar	lamentar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
desperdiçar	desperdice	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
apupar	apupem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
empoleirar	empoleirar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
delegar	deleguem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
assegurar	assegurar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
esquilar	esquilar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
alucinar	alucinámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
descolorir	descoloristes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ginasticar	ginasticadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
discernir	discernam	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
engajar	engajou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
folgar	folgámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aceder	acedemos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
intimar	intime	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
alcoolizar	alcoolizávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
liquidar	liquides	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
evaporar	evapore	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
desfocar	desfocar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
adverbializar	adverbializasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
balouçar	balouçarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
esgotar	esgotares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
catar	catarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
extinguir	extinguidas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
titular	titular	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
timbrar	timbrarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
aleatorizar	aleatorizou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
conturbar	conturbaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
dessulfurar	dessulfurando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
comunicar	comunicados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ativar	ativar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
deletar	deletarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
confirmar	confirmes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
dissentir	dissinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
regrar	regrei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
prurir	pruríeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
escusar	escuse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
pressentir	pressentiras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
monitorar	monitorarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
escalonar	escalones	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
abotoar	abotoaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
abortar	abortavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pestanejar	pestanejastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
lidar	lide	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
afilar	afileis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
adicionar	adicionar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
arder	arderem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
romanizar	romanizassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cintar	cintara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
proibir	proibíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
destituir	destituis	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
copular	copulásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
calibrar	calibrados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
profanar	profanasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
printar	printava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
meditar	meditavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
podar	podes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
anuir	anuireis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
escolarizar	escolarizais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
alentar	alentares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fiscalizar	fiscalizáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ajudar	ajudaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
engolfar	engolfarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
esfomear	esfomearemos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
jorrar	jorrares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
sodomizar	sodomizastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aderir	aderia	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
argentar	argentarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
notificar	notificastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
clicar	clicar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
fraturar	fraturareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
impedir	impedires	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
acalmar	acalmaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
destrinchar	destrincham	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
condensar	condensa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
portar	portam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
tosar	tosadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
mirar	mirar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
comemorar	comemorastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
decapitar	decapitaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
compartilhar	compartilharão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
lascar	lascarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
saber	saberíamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
infiltrar	infiltradas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
engasgar	engasgara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
espasmar	espasmassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
esmerar	esmerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
aprumar	aprumeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
reafirmar	reafirmo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
abroquelar	abroquelámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
benzer	benzamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
automatizar	automatizavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
retornar	retorna	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
pecar	pecar	V;NFIN;portuguese
surtar	surtar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
reabilitar	reabilitaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
especificar	especificara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
frear	frearão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
fender	fendeis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
investigar	investigarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
crestar	crestes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
compostar	compostáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
consubstanciar	consubstanciarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
relacionar	relaciona	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
encestar	enceste	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
conectar	conectando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ruir	ruíam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
forçar	forcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
vilificar	vilifique	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
juntar	juntado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
olear	oleia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
rejeitar	rejeite	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
maltar	maltemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
renunciar	renunciaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
desconcertar	desconcertarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
triscar	triscaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
encaixotar	encaixotasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desvincular	desvinculemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sangrar	sangrais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
aparar	aparados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
intoxicar	intoxicai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
desnivelar	desnivelassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
atrelar	atrelado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
pichar	pichavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
estimar	estimava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hortar	hortaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sobrar	sobras	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
organizar	organizarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
limpar	limpa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
escutar	escutáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
apimentar	apimentava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
emprehender	emprehenderam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
desoxidar	desoxidava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
conseguir	consigas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
fraquear	fraqueáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cessar	cessadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
pendurar	pendures	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
cultivar	cultivávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
acabrunhar	acabrunhei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
prever	prevejais	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ocasionar	ocasionaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
perfilar	perfilavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
accolher	accolheria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
mamar	mamaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
devolver	devolverás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
applicar	applicaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
sovar	sovei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
evitar	evitada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
arrebentar	arrebentardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
derribar	derribara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
estilhaçar	estilhaçáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sobressair	sobressaias	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
bastecer	basteça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
beatificar	beatificardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
enfurecer	enfureceste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tipificar	tipificaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
vibrar	vibrares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
estruturar	estruturavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
habituar	habituava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
esfregar	esfregarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
accordar	accorda	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
cauterizar	cauterizar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pilotar	pilotara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
despir	despira	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
importar	importem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
acondicionar	acondicionámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
quadricular	quadriculáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
acompridar	acompridar	V;NFIN;portuguese
accolher	accolheriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
dublar	dubláramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
devassar	devassava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ab-reagir	ab-reagíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
arpoar	arpoaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
consultar	consultai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
massificar	massificara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
colorir	colorira	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mixar	mixardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
perceber	perceber	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
excepcionar	excepciona	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
divinizar	divinizarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
decrescer	decrescendo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
jactar	jactastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
esbombardear	esbombardeie	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
vingar	vingara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
folegar	folegue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
problematizar	problematizaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
encaracolar	encaracolareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
comprometer	comprometeria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
apodizar	apodizemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
forrar	forra	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
anotar	anotásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
iludir	iludir	V;NFIN;portuguese
sublinhar	sublinhe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
transmitir	transmitem	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
empeçonhar	empeçonhasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
abalar	abalem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
generalizar	generalizava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
filosofar	filosofáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
tender	tenderias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
sobre-estimar	sobre-estimaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
arrebentar	arrebentas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
unhar	unharas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
purificar	purificarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
matabichar	matabicharem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
digitar	digitaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
culpar	culpasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
extender	extenderam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cronometrar	cronometraremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
recordar	recordes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
enxergar	enxergasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pajear	pajearem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
trucidar	trucidando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
imiscuir	imiscuirá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
rematar	remata	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
quedar	quedavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
renderizar	renderizaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
representar	representarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
deitar	deitasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cassar	cassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
socorrer	socorrerão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
incapacitar	incapacita	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
chicotear	chicotearíamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
aplacar	aplaquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
zicar	zicasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
assalariar	assalariam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
clarificar	clarifiquemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
chumbar	chumbados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
afrancesar	afrancesasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qualificar	qualificaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
mascatear	mascateia	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
florir	floríssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
calar	calares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
parar	parámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
memorizar	memorizemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
suspeitar	suspeitar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
anteceder	antecedei	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
afixar	afixardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
tapar	tapando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
troçar	troçardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
descambar	descambais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
aditar	aditará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
derrogar	derrogáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
perecer	pereceríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
arruinar	arruinavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
engolir	engula	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
acrescer	acresceria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
massacrar	massacrastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
responsabilizar	responsabilizando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
empobrecer	empobreceras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sobrevir	sobrevier	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
atuar	atue	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
roçar	roçavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
admitir	admitíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
tosquiar	tosquiasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
alapar	alapada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
gostar	gostáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
transmitir	transmitirdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
contratar	contratavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
imunizar	imunizará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
decolar	decolarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
arrecadar	arrecada	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
locupletar	locupletáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hispanizar	hispanizarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
comprar	compre	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
minimizar	minimizardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
chantar	chantarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
pilar	pilarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
borboletear	borboleteemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
saturar	saturemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
sugar	sugados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
cotejar	cotejai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
empolgar	empolgar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fretar	fretado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
envenenar	envenenares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
endossar	endossara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
salientar	salientardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
atochar	atochávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
diagnosticar	diagnosticaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
farejar	farejai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
papaguear	papaguear	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
girar	giraríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
propagar	propagueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
esculachar	esculachadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ensombrar	ensombraras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
destilar	destilada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
acuminar	acumines	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
habitar	habitar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
resumir	resumimos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
engravidar	engravidadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ungir	unjas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
impetrar	impetra	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
acatar	acatávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
comemorar	comemoradas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
desavergonhar	desavergonhe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
orçar	orçar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
recalcular	recalculámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
pressionar	pressionar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vincular	vinculara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
espernear	esperneemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
minerar	mineravam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
chifrar	chifrar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
concertar	concertaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
elaborar	elaborareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
florear	florearam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
imantar	imantam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
resvalar	resvalem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
vulcanizar	vulcanizarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
picar	picarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
crecer	crecerem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
macular	maculara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
faxinar	faxinavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
dispersar	dispersares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
tarraxar	tarraxar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ruminar	rumina	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
contra-atacar	contra-ataques	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
desbotar	desbotam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
sobresair	sobresairias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
canalizar	canalizaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
descrever	descrevermos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
aglutinar	aglutines	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
colar	coleis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sospeytar	sospeytares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
enformar	enformar	V;NFIN;portuguese
arruar	arruemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
debutar	debutastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
exigir	exigir	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
anatematizar	anatematizemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
arpejar	arpejemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
vosear	voseei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
libertar	libertaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
aposentar	aposentais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
cisar	cise	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
afrancesar	afrancesaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
enguiçar	enguiçarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rejeytar	rejeytava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aceder	acederas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
acontecer	acontecerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
atolar	atolai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
postular	postularia	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
potencializar	potencializar	V;NFIN;portuguese
deletar	deletar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
reprisar	repriso	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
protestar	protesta	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
vivar	vivados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
requerer	requisesses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
idolatrar	idolatráveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
comparar	compararam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
enfardar	enfardávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rastejar	rastejaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
anglicizar	anglicizo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
requintar	requintará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
irradiar	irradiaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
reclamar	reclamemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
desmarcar	desmarcáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
inactivar	inactivará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
centelhar	centelhara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
prospectar	prospectámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mascarar	mascararemos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
reafirmar	reafirmaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
suar	suemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
colaborar	colaboramos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
desaprovar	desaprovares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
antecipar	anteciparem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
infiltrar	infiltrámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
separar	separaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
zombar	zombáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
hibridizar	hibridizares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
murar	muro	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
endireitar	endireitámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
acatar	acatados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
exortar	exortou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
submergir	submergirdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
atenuar	atenuava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
angular	angularam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sangrar	sangrávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
comemorar	comemoreis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
contender	contende	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
suprimir	suprima	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
bajular	bajulem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
repugnar	repugnáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mobiliar	mobiliastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aconselhar	aconselham	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
endossar	endossava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tripudiar	tripudiarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
atravancar	atravanca	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
autuar	autuara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
verificar	verificas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
desestabilizar	desestabilizando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
prefaciar	prefaciem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sobrepor	sobreponham	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ejetar	ejetasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vomitar	vomitei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
anarquizar	anarquizemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
caucionar	caucionarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
iscar	isque	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
desconfortar	desconfortaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mostrar	mostrares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
barrar	barrar	V;NFIN;portuguese
fallar	fallásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
frisar	frisarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
desconsagrar	desconsagrava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vaguear	vaguearem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
acupunturar	acupunturares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
apear	apeadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
desconversar	desconversares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
regalar	regaleis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
depender	dependais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
actualizar	actualizem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ridicularizar	ridicularizes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
redatar	redataríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
possuir	possuíres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
insinuar	insinua	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
vagar	vagar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
conflitar	conflitarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
saluçar	saluçaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
açoutar	açoutava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
maquinar	maquinar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
gorjear	gorjeara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
circular	circularíeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
desorganizar	desorganizara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
debutar	debutaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
reprovar	reprovados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
aquiescer	aquiesceu	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
expor	expões	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
tresler	treslerás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
datilografar	datilografáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
estilizar	estiliza	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
desacreditar	desacreditara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
murar	murar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
modular	modulem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
encampar	encampavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bivacar	bivaquem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
descartar	descartásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fomentar	fomentaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
avaliar	avaliadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ementar	emente	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
pedalar	pedalou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
otimizar	otimizássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rastelar	rastelarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
velejar	veleja	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
conservar	conserve	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
infringir	infringe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
persistir	persistíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lograr	lograriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
sociabilizar	sociabiliza	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
idealizar	idealizasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aventar	aventem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
raciocinar	raciocinareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
representar	representem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
acotovelar	acotovelámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
minimizar	minimize	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
estremecer	estremeçamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
regurgitar	regurgitassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
enterrar	enterrardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ripar	ripem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
arar	araríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
janelar	janelarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
aliar	aliava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ater	ativera	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
biotransformar	biotransforma	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
desposar	desposasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
espaçar	espaçasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
punir	punisse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
redigitar	redigitar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
simbolizar	simbolizo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
intitular	intitularias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
retarctar	retarctavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
estorvar	estorvarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
evacuar	evacuarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
japonizar	japonizastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
encadear	encadeai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
impelir	impelíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lucrar	lucrardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fallecer	falleceres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
alcançar	alcançada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
clamar	clamaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
coligir	colijam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
importunar	importunados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
contornar	contornáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
submergir	submergiríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
pelar	pelasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
murchar	murcharei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
domar	domaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
demarcar	demarcavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
encoleirar	encoleiráveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aprontar	aprontar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
valorar	valorem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
reler	releio	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
alcaguetar	alcaguete	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
classificar	classificardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
acoimar	acoimemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
descompor	descomponham	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
avistar	avistasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
advocar	advocávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rilhar	rilhe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
farfalhar	farfalhada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
culminar	culmineis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
estatuir	estatuamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
regalar	regalasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desprender	desprendam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
hospedar	hospeda	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
talhar	talhem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
desconsiderar	desconsideraria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
receber	receberíamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
orçar	orçava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
suprir	suprirdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
desmamar	desmamares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
personalizar	personalizai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
reagir	reaja	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
vergar	vergara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
escapar	escapem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
especificar	especificar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
libertar	libertavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
apear	apeai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
encaracolar	encaracolasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
redigitar	redigitarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
despolarizar	despolarizaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
apostatar	apostatastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
observar	observarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
espoliar	espoliásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
confeccionar	confeccionava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fluoretar	fluoretaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
contender	contender	V;NFIN;portuguese
monologar	monologariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
entreter	entreto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
pré-datar	pré-dato	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
embeber	embebamos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
macaquear	macaqueásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
agir	agíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
modificar	modificarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
iodar	iodarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
chapinhar	chapinharmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
patinar	patináveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
circular	circulava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
accusar	accusará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
comer	comiam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cristianizar	cristianizarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
rotular	rotular	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
guerrear	guerreeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
intersectar	intersectemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
rosnar	rosne	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
inflar	inflarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
arquear	arqueasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pernoutar	pernoutem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
encoleirar	encoleirados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
engrenar	engrene	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
turvar	turvai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
rotular	rotulareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ovular	ovulei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
estilizar	estilizássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
esfaquear	esfaquearás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
concatenar	concatenaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
versar	versarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
badalar	badalando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
adrenalizar	adrenalizar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
perpetuar	perpetuarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
pintar	pintarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
injuriar	injuriar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
acastanhar	acastanharíamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
aventurar	aventurar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
accordar	accordemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
moshar	mosharas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sensualizar	sensualize	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
esvaziar	esvaziássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
espiritualizar	espiritualizarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
farfalhar	farfalhe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
morder	mordeste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
excetuar	excetuavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
surtar	surtasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
chafurdar	chafurdarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
seduzir	seduzir	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
colecionar	colecionássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
estar	estivéramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
derruir	derruais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
deglutir	deglutirdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
lustrar	lustrai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
escrever	escrevesses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
deteriorar	deterioraríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
amaldiçoar	amaldiçoeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
apitar	apitasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
chorar	choráveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
germinar	germine	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
usufruir	usufruirmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
iodar	iodaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
commeter	commetêssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
auferir	auferiríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
embaixar	embaixemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
viajar	viaje	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
idolatrar	idolatrarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
contrair	contrair	V;NFIN;portuguese
monologar	monologara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
abandar	abandásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
trepar	trepavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
seduzir	seduziríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
alojar	alojem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
problematizar	problematizasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
confundir	confundiríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
investigar	investigámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
borrifar	borrifaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
exibir	exibidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
carimbar	carimbeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
delir	delisse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fraudar	fraudamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
torturar	torturei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
uniformizar	uniformizasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
delimitar	delimitavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
abacinar	abacine	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
limar	lima	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
reparar	reparávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
descarnar	descarnarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
latinar	latinemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
navegar	navegue	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
suavizar	suavizando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
tentar	tentarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
exigir	exigi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
idolatrar	idolatre	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
liderar	lidere	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
esconder	escondeis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
penhorar	penhorais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
reescrever	reescreveres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
travar	travarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
desistir	desistes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
venerar	veneraste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zapear	zapeardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
decair	decaíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
amortizar	amortizares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
macular	maculasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
inicializar	inicializemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
caluniar	caluniei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
offerecer	offerece	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
avergonhar	avergonhadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
aconselhar	aconselhando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
arvorescer	arvorescido	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
iluminar	ilumináveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
amolentar	amolentares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
conversar	conversai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
torrar	torrais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
sistematizar	sistematizásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
interrogar	interrogues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
desalentar	desalente	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
espetar	espetas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
apor	apusesse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
prurir	prurisse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
reconhecer	reconhecera	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
apatetar	apatetavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
medir	media	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
alfinetar	alfinetam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
legar	legueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
cuydar	cuydadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ceder	cedesse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aforar	aforei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
detectar	detectei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ocorrer	ocorrendo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
devisar	devise	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
reconstituir	reconstituais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
arvorescer	arvoresceste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cafetinar	cafetina	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
jantar	janteis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
receitar	receitáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vaticinar	vaticinar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
retocar	retoque	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
torrar	torrardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
impressionar	impressionados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
debochar	debocha	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
gorar	goravam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
enfear	enfeasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
assinalar	assinalemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
desafivelar	desafivelares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
vendar	vendámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
demarcar	demarcareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
liquefazer	liquefizerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
decrescer	decrescerei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
tingir	tingires	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
vogar	vogais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
dessulfurar	dessulfuraras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
destacar	destacará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
digitalizar	digitalizes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
disseminar	dissemine	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
lagartear	lagartearia	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
expectorar	expectoraremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
embirrar	embirrares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
destinar	destinemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
chorar	chorasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
apalpar	apalpas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
segregar	segreguemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
antidotar	antidotada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
sedar	sedamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
conferir	conferimos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
defender	defenderdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
retalhar	retalhásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
engodar	engodaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
intrincar	intrincariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
imobilizar	imobilizarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fornicar	fornicarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
rodar	rodaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
recurvar	recurves	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
subornar	subornavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
finlandizar	finlandizávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
mealhar	mealhares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
desmentir	desminto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
tossir	tossir	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
eletrolisar	eletrolisar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
noticiar	noticiastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
auxiliar	auxilia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
chacoalhar	chacoalhasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
atuar	atuáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sacar	sacavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
approvar	approvaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ligar	ligaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
inerir	ineríreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
fender	fendemos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
miar	mies	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
fervilhar	fervilhar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
bicar	bicou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
amedrontar	amedrontariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
reprimendar	reprimendaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
adequar	adequara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
macerar	macerarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
maiuscular	maiusculemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
compor	componhas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
aliviar	aliviaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
sapear	sapeies	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
definir	defini	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
descontinuar	descontinuando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
arrazoar	arrazoem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
revitalizar	revitalizarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
sancionar	sancionar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
transar	transasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
assistir	assistirdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
clorar	cloremos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
arrendar	arrendados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
romanizar	romanizemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
emparedar	emparedasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desconfortar	desconfortei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
menstruar	menstruardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
usufruir	usufrui	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
rolar	rolada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
subir	subir	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pilhar	pilhares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
inscrever	inscreverão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
parcelar	parcele	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
reencher	reencham	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
suplantar	suplantaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
estontear	estonteadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
condenar	condene	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ressonar	ressone	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
afetar	afetados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
tangar	tangemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dissuadir	dissuadiria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
aerar	aeráveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rasgar	rasguem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ulular	ulularias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
aquietar	aquietaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
haver	haja	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
varrer	varrermos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
romanizar	romanizadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
planger	plangesse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
repensar	repensava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lustrar	lustrar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
encerrar	encerrarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
presupor	presupuserem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
hidrogenar	hidrogene	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
interpretar	interpretaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
desencadear	desencadeastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
adequar	adequado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
guinchar	guinchados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
coser	cose	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
intermediar	intermediassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
clonar	clonam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
polimerizar	polimerizei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
encalhar	encalharam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
orientar	orientares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rocar	rocarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
algoritmizar	algoritmizaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
emanar	emanarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
acovardar	acovardaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
perseguir	perseguirem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
inteirar	inteirada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
latir	latimos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
aleijar	aleijarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
proibir	proíbais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
obturar	obturasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desrespeitar	desrespeitava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
calhar	calhardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
prolongar	prolonguem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
deglutir	deglutiras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
transmutar	transmutes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
alvoroçar	alvoroçaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
interceptar	interceptemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
delongar	delongarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
palrar	palraras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sincronizar	sincronizei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
sobretaxar	sobretaxarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
esticar	esticaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
deambular	deambulas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
gorar	gore	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
revoltar	revolte	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
relembrar	relembrei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
planejar	planeje	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
incumbir	incumbindo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
curar	curar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
converter	converterá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
atolar	atolará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
selectar	selectaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
entorpecer	entorpeceríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
mandar	mandardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
cumular	cumularmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
lastimar	lastimássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
intermediar	intermediaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
alternar	alternásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
doar	doasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
abacinar	abacinares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
adoecer	adoecera	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
numerar	numerei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
inclinar	inclinar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
acoplar	acoplámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
acariciar	acariciou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
soçobrar	soçobrarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
poder	podíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
batalhar	batalharias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
prospectar	prospectarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
chicanar	chicanará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
reverenciar	reverenciáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
incitar	incitara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
embarcar	embarcaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
desapegar	desapega	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
proteger	protege	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
balançar	balançares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
replantar	replantáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
anoitecer	anoiteça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
googlar	googlei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
penalizar	penalizaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
autuar	autuadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
remodelar	remodelemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
tributar	tributáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
facilitar	facilitar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
protuberar	protuberará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
provocar	provocar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ralar	ralas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
blasonar	blasonaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sacrificar	sacrificas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
europeizar	europeizado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
reconhecer	reconhecidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
recomendar	recomendaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
desbastar	desbastarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
degradar	degradássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
castigar	castiguemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
hipnotizar	hipnotizareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ajustar	ajustar	V;NFIN;portuguese
balouçar	baloucem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
chupar	chupe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
fraquejar	fraqueje	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
privar	privara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
pigmentar	pigmentem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
acabrunhar	acabrunhai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
arreganhar	arreganháreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
escusar	escusara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
caraterizar	carateriza	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
recordar	recordem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
tragar	trague	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
desfraldar	desfraldastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
comentar	comentem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
economizar	economizar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
recair	recaíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
presentear	presentearmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
adotar	adotarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
comiscar	comisquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
confiar	confiais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
brunir	brunirdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
dividir	dividir	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
protrair	protraís	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
tirotear	tiroteariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
actualizar	actualizou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
arrear	arreassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ocasionar	ocasionássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
amarrar	amarradas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
alunar	alunais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
rebolar	rebolaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
enformar	enformarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
suavizar	suavizava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aparar	aparou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
flertar	flertariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
approvar	approvemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
desmamar	desmamava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
adicionar	adicioneis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
brunir	bruniam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
alfaiatar	alfaiataram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
manjar	manjava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
incumbir	incumbes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
recalcular	recalculasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
empalhar	empalhardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
criar	criaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
denominar	denomináramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
destillar	destilla	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
resgatar	resgatemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
caucionar	caucionar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
causar	causasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
entreolhar	entreolhemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ventilar	ventilar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
almoedar	almoedareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
vitoriar	vitoriar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
catalizar	catalizarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
estrumar	estrumáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
transformar	transformados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
dadivar	dadivarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
pegar	pegarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
amortalhar	amortalhando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
gripar	gripassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
prever	prevejamos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ladrar	ladrei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
apresentar	apresentarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
censurar	censuradas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
destrancar	destranca	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
abraçar	abraçaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
chimarronear	chimarronearam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aloirar	aloirava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aquentar	aquentardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
amaynar	amaynasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
trajar	trajar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ajudar	ajudasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
estruturar	estruturardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
prostituir	prostituir	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ludibriar	ludibriaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
tormentar	tormentai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
reestruturar	reestruturassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
consolar	consolardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
encostar	encostasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
caducar	caduquem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
equipar	equiparia	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
corrigir	corrijam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
neutralizar	neutralizem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
realizar	realizareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
engarrafar	engarrafou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
reputar	reputas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
reanimar	reanimarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
enervar	enerve	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
engrossar	engrosse	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
conotar	conotou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
repreender	repreenderão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
distanciar	distanciar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
pelear	pelearás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
pastorear	pastoreamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
chimarrear	chimarrearias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
empreitar	empreitares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rapar	raparam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
rejeytar	rejeytarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
moscar	mosco	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
acender	acenderam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
stalkear	stalkeais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
catalizar	catalizares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
invectivar	invectivaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
zarpar	zarparem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
surripiar	surripie	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
pulicar	puliqueis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
invadir	invadisse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
existir	existam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
acender	acendidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ortigar	ortigámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
destillar	destillados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
lacrar	lacraríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
farejar	farejarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
emparedar	emparedaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
disponibilizar	disponibilizadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
activar	activariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
alquilar	alquilasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
plugar	plugasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fusionar	fusionam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
liberar	liberara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
chegar	chegues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
consolar	consoláveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fadigar	fadigue	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
blandiciar	blandiciásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
choramingar	choramingáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
batalhar	batalhem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
alumiar	alumiarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
congregar	congregáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desabotoar	desabotoássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pousar	pousadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
empanturrar	empanturrar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
esmaltar	esmaltara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
grunhir	grunhamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sorrir	sorrias	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
chupar	chupes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
opiniar	opiniou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
arrastar	arrastem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
brocar	brocassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
gracitar	gracitardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
esclarecer	esclarecerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rufar	rufassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
interessare	interessi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
scavezzare	scavezzammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
riconvertirsi	riconvertiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
becchettarsi	mi becchettassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
sgrossare	sgrossavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
dialogare	dialoghiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
manlevare	manleverebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
annuvolarsi	si annuvolano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
elettrolizzare	elettrolizzavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
riequilibrarsi	vi riequilibraste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ossequiare	ossequiassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
svergolare	svergolate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
refilare	refilare	V;NFIN;italian
rammaricarsi	si rammaricano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
infiammarsi	si infiammerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
frollarsi	vi frollate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
cavarsi	ci cavassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
singhiozzare	singhiozzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
riappendere	riappendi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
addottrinarsi	ci addottrinammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
demoltiplicare	demoltiplicaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
sdrammatizzare	sdrammatizzammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
precisarsi	ci preciseremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
defibrillare	defibrillando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
scambiare	scambia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
pluralizzare	pluralizzaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
chinare	chiniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
comprendere	comprendi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
mercificare	mercifica	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ricombinarsi	ti ricombinassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
riseminare	risemini	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
gassificare	gassifichiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
rispargere	rispargemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
azzuffare	azzuffavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
bersi	ci beviamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
tassare	tasso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
riapprodare	riapprodai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
sgonfiare	sgonfiasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
apprettare	appretterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
riconcedere	riconcedevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ribollire	ribolli	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
sbarellare	sbarellavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
raffrontare	raffronterai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
sbozzolare	sbozzolerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
assestarsi	si assestarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
premonire	premonisca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ambiare	ambiaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
rifocillare	rifocillante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
vistare	vistavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
distanziarsi	vi distanziaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
preludiare	preludino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
accasciarsi	vi accascerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
incontrarsi	incontrati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
pitoccare	pitoccante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
risciogliere	risciogliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sottoridere	sorridiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
dinamizzare	dinamizzassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
musare	musiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
spappolare	spappolassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
inacetire	inacetiremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
sfoderare	sfoderino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
riaddormentare	riaddormentano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
tramettere	tramettessi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
sbarbare	sbarbassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ripudiare	ripudiassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
orpellare	orpelleremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
aggiungersi	si aggiunsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
azzardare	azzardavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
descriversi	descrivetevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
abbiadare	abbiadi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
istruirsi	si istruisca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
interlineare	interlineo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
placarsi	mi placherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
risciacquare	risciacquare	V;NFIN;italian
stringare	stringhi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
rinserrarsi	si rinserri	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ostinarsi	ti ostinerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
nascondersi	ci nascondevamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
rimemorarsi	ci rimemoriamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
oltraggiare	oltraggiassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
popolarizzare	popolarizzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
sportellare	sportellate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
sbrodolarsi	si sbrodolò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
naverare	naveraste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
stozzare	stozzavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
scardare	scardare	V;NFIN;italian
depurarsi	si depuravano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
sovrappopolare	sovrappopolassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
delineare	delineerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
genuflettersi	vi genufletteste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
bramire	bramiste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ricrescere	ricrescerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
rammodernare	rammoderni	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
spanare	spanassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
passarsela	passatevela	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
invenire	inveniate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
intontire	intontivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
reputare	reputi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
marimettere	marimettano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
rimirarsi	vi rimiraste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
rimpiazzare	rimpiazzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
divariare	divariato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
stivare	stiveremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
strascicarsi	vi strascicaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
aggiucchire	aggiucchissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
accavezzare	accavezzeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
addomesticarsi	si addomesticherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
schiantare	schianti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
infoibare	infoibaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
valutarsi	si valuterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sottopagare	sottopagaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
deviscerare	deviscererà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
spenzolarsi	ti spenzolassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
attirare	attirerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
debbiare	debbiasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
coltivare	coltiviate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
dotarsi	dotarsi	V;NFIN;italian
foracchiare	foracchierebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
abbittare	abbittavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
sfarsi	si sfaccia	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
responsabilizzare	responsabilizzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
riservarsi	si riservasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
rialzarsi	ti rialzerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
fornirsi	ti fornirai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
autorizzarsi	ti autorizzerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
tutelare	tutelassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
disincagliarsi	ti disincagli	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
bleffare	bleffa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
scansarsi	scansati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
centrare	centrerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
elevare	eleveranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
reintrodurre	reintroduca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
rieducare	rieducheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
indispettirsi	si indispettiscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
eluire	eluiranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
menare	meno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ciangottare	ciangotti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
raggiungere	raggiunga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
cazzeggiare	cazzeggiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
accommiatarsi	ti accommiati	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
reimmettere	reimmettemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
esilararsi	mi esilaravo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
choccare	choccasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
intercludere	intercludendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
invelenire	invelenendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
riformulare	riformula	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
vivificarsi	ci vivificammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
starsi	si stettero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
smollicare	smollicate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ritualizzare	ritualizzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
reinserirsi	vi reinseriste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
disamorare	disamoriamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
intercalare	intercaleresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
fraintendere	fraintenderai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
cercarsi	si cerchino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
circondare	circondava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
traslare	trasleranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
impensierire	impensieriamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
flambare	flamberebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
vantare	vantino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
infarcire	infarcirebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
refrangere	refrangessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
domare	domato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
beneficiare	beneficiarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ribattere	ribattette	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
mutizzare	mutizzammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
sviolinare	sviolinavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
scombaciare	scombacerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
puddellare	puddelli	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
sottendere	sottende	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
bronzare	bronzavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
capponare	capponerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
evolvere	evolvettero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
provenire	provenivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
infreddolire	infreddolirai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
patrocinare	patrocinerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
piccarsi	si picchino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
scalciare	scalcerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
economizzare	economizzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
impiccarsi	si impiccasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
skateare	skateeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
azzardare	azzardante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
imperversare	imperverserebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
discantare	discantano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
frugare	frugheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
acetificare	acetificaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
subconcedere	subconcedendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
manifatturare	manifatturare	V;NFIN;italian
boxare	boxiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
intrinsecare	intrinseca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
gelare	geli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
sorvegliare	sorvegliò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
sganasciarsi	ti sganasciassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
vedersi	ci vediamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
concentrare	concentravi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
bilanciarsi	si bilancino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
trivellare	trivellavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
aggiucchire	aggiucchiste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
preludiare	preludiante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
rincorare	rincorare	V;NFIN;italian
psicanalizzare	psicanalizziamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
sgombrare	sgombrando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
monumentalizzare	monumentalizziamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
avventurarsi	ti avventuri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
plagiare	plagiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
appruarsi	vi appruiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
accavallarsi	si accavallò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
incannucciare	incannucceremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
defraudare	defraudate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
strappare	strapparono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
siglare	siglai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
linciare	linciava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
inguaiarsi	si inguaiavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
scomunicare	scomunicato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
spirare	spireresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
soffriggere	soffriggo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
sorteggiare	sorteggiassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
strombare	strombasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
transigere	transatto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
macadamizzare	macadamizza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
aggrandire	aggrandivamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
salariare	salariare	V;NFIN;italian
smoccolare	smoccolavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
zangolare	zangoliamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
stentacchiare	stentacchieremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
aggirarsi	aggirati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
rinverdirsi	ti rinverdisci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
granellare	granellavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
dereferenziare	dereferenzierei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
perseguire	persegua	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ancheggiare	ancheggiante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
zoccolare	zoccolo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
fertilizzare	fertilizzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
deportare	deporterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
commissariare	commissari	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
accennare	accennando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ridisegnare	ridisegno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
accedere	accediate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
zampeggiare	zampeggerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
stasarsi	si stasino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
lascare	lasca	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
dividere	dividerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
imprestare	impresterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
degenerare	degenerai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
violinare	violini	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
edulcorare	edulcorassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
esilararsi	ci esilarassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
parlottare	parlottò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
involtarsi	ci involtiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
accismare	accismasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
assortire	assortivo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
compiersi	ti compirai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
appesantirsi	ti appesantissi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
discoscendere	discoscenderete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
inviscidire	inviscidiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
panificare	panificava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
sbreccare	sbreccheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
sobillare	sobillaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
intronare	introniate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
inondare	inondassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
sbollentare	sbollentassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
attorcigliarsi	si attorciglierebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
rodere	roderebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
depilare	depilerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
azzoppire	azzoppire	V;NFIN;italian
accarezzarsi	si accarezzarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
arrotolare	arrotolava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
sospettare	sospettare	V;NFIN;italian
dirompere	diromperò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
raggruppare	raggruppai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
rinfoderare	rinfoderate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
attenersi	vi atterreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
accamparsi	mi accamperei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
crepitare	crepiterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
manifestare	manifestavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
domiciliarsi	ti domicilierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
gravitare	graviteremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
smobilizzare	smobilizzavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
costellare	costellare	V;NFIN;italian
triplicarsi	si triplicava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
comunicarsi	mi comunicherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ripiegare	ripiegavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
disinnestare	disinnestavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
strepitare	strepitavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
accagliare	accagli	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
addottorarsi	ti addottori	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
riconvalidare	riconvalidavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
solere	soglia	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
zollare	zollò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
infiltrarsi	si infiltri	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
stramazzare	stramazzereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
intridere	intridevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
riconciliarsi	vi riconciliereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
affiancare	affiancano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
infoderare	infoderato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
celarsi	celato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
distaccare	distacchino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
spaziare	spaziai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
fraternizzare	fraternizzerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
biforcarsi	vi biforcavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
svelarsi	ti svelasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
pingere	pingerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
alluzzare	alluzzavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
sbreccare	sbrecca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
estenuare	estenuiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
meriare	merierei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
controrispondere	controrisponderebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
espettorare	espettorerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
insaccare	insaccherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
inorgoglire	inorgogliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ipostatizzare	ipostatizzerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
bruciarsi	si bruciano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
fidanzare	fidanzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
depravare	depravi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
medagliare	medagliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
annegare	anneghiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ingannarsi	ti ingannavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
invaghirsi	mi invaghissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
finirla	la finisce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
rancidire	rancidisti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
fiscaleggiare	fiscaleggi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
sgretolarsi	sgretolatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
rifilare	rifilammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
demagnetizzare	demagnetizzino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
raffermare	raffermo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
abbigliare	abbigliò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
sgorgare	sgorghiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
concupire	concupiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
sbaffare	sbaffi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
crostare	crosti	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
stazionare	stazionino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
videoscrivere	videoscriverai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
riobbligare	riobblighino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
rinnovarsi	vi rinnovaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
responsabilizzarsi	mi responsabilizzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
riallocare	riallocheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
riprincipiare	riprincipiare	V;NFIN;italian
schettinare	schettinerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
martirizzare	martirizzerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
sollevare	solleviamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
sgrassare	sgrasseresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
autorizzare	autorizzasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
spiccicarsi	spiccicatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
esterminare	esterminassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
mappare	mappo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
consultare	consultate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
spettegolare	spettegolaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
chiaroscurare	chiaroscurerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
sclerotizzare	sclerotizzerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
archiviare	archiviarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ripiegarsi	ti ripieghi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
riapprovare	riapprovi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ridipingere	ridipingano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ridorare	ridoriamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ritentare	ritentante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
fondere	fondete	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
fratturare	frattureranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
sradicare	sradicasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
vidimare	vidimerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
distogliersi	si distolsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
incettare	incettate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
soffiarsi	ci soffiavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
sbollire	sbolliamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
accomunare	accomuni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
annuvolarsi	ti annuvolavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
attrezzare	attrezzasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
frizzare	frizzino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
resolare	resolassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
riconsigliare	riconsigliavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
raccorciarsi	ti raccorceresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
aggruppare	aggruppava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
quadruplicarsi	ci quadruplicammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
defungere	defunga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
tintinnare	tintinnate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ereditare	ereditare	V;NFIN;italian
scimmiottare	scimmiottammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
mescere	mescessimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
reincarnarsi	si reincarnerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
scontorcere	scontorcano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ristare	ristavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
petrarcheggiare	petrarcheggiavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
stanziarsi	stanziatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
incardinare	incardino	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
adescare	adescante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
immusonirsi	ti immusonirai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
starnutire	starnutiranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
impicciolire	impiccioliamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
disabilitare	disabilitavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
deconcentrare	deconcentriamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
disobbligare	disobbligavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
tappare	tappaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
alleviare	alleviate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
reimmergere	reimmerso	V.PTCP;PST;italian
depolimerizzare	depolimerizzammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
punteggiare	punteggia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
psicoanalizzare	psicoanalizziamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
assidersi	si assidessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
gorgheggiare	gorgheggiassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
uperizzare	uperizziamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
traslocarsi	ti traslocavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
autoescludersi	si autoescludesse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
rissare	rissando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
sfalsare	sfalsino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ufficiare	ufficiavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
coalizzarsi	mi coalizzavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
rimunerare	rimuneriamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
annichilire	annichilite	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
imbandire	imbandissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
fornicare	fornicate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
adugnare	adugnano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
risciacquare	risciacquate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
attestare	attestaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ritrovare	ritrovi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
conquistare	conquistiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
calmierare	calmieri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
pattugliare	pattugliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
riagguantare	riagguantiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
disincentivare	disincentivavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
pieghettare	pieghettare	V;NFIN;italian
precingere	precingevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
recludere	recluderemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ridimensionare	ridimensionereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
giudicare	giudicherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
morire	morimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
passare	passasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
inchiodare	inchiodo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
scrivere	scriverebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
disotterrare	disotterrarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
riavvistare	riavvistavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
strattonarsi	si strattonano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
vigoreggiare	vigoreggiammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
devolvere	devolveste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
accastellare	accastellassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
teletrasmettere	teletrasettano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
zonizzare	zonizzano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
debordare	deborderemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
prostrare	prostriamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
proiettarsi	si proiettava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
aggravare	aggravando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
sintetizzare	sintetizza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
sfarinare	sfarinato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
prepensionare	prepensioni	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
sgretolare	sgretoleremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
pignorare	pignoriate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
disubbidire	disubbidiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
laicizzare	laicizzassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ricapitare	ricapitai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
dichiarare	dichiarerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
pulsare	pulserete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
strascicare	strascicherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sovesciare	sovescia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ricompire	ricompia	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
manganare	mangana	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
scalpicciare	scalpicci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
gozzovigliare	gozzovigliamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
rioccupare	rioccupavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
recludere	recludeva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
acciottolare	acciottoli	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
inoculare	inoculeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
consolarsi	si consolavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
modellarsi	ci modelliamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
impoverire	impoverivo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
spacciare	spacciassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
asseggiare	asseggiando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
illuminare	illuminarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
decentralizzare	decentralizzerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
triplicarsi	mi triplicassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
abbuiare	abbuio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
aggrondarsi	ti aggronderai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
raffreddarsi	ti raffreddassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
enumerare	enumeravi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
sbocciare	sbocciamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
inglobare	inglobaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ristendere	ristendiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
resistere	resista	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
appuntare	appunterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
rombare	romberete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
rimasticare	rimastichereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
disciogliere	discioglieva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
congedarsi	ti congedi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
squamare	squamare	V;NFIN;italian
ridersene	se ne ridano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
trasmettere	trasmetti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
sperimentare	sperimentando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
trascrivere	trascrivi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
scapigliare	scapiglierebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
scoprirsi	scoprirsi	V;NFIN;italian
aderire	aderiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
sconsacrare	sconsacrerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
protestarsi	vi protestaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
allettare	allettavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
decelerare	decelererà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
coordinare	coordini	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
scompisciarsi	vi scompiscereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
agghiacciare	agghiaccia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
spararsi	mi sparassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ricandidarsi	ci ricandidassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
spingere	spingo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
oltrapassare	oltrapassi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
scoronare	scoronò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
rifermare	rifermi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
riapplicare	riapplichi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
rifendere	rifendevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ripolarizzare	ripolarizzavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
daziare	dazieranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
denaturalizzare	denaturalizzerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
inzolfare	inzolfaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
rimpicciolire	rimpicciolisce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
affrettarsi	mi affretterò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
sguanciare	sguanciate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
rifare	rifarai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
inzuppare	inzupperà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
cingere	cinsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
condiscendere	condiscendiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
disassuefarsi	disassuefacentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
rassegnarsi	si rassegnò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
allibare	alliberà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
sovvenzionare	sovvenzionato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
destabilizzarsi	si destabilizzino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
rosolare	rosola	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
litografare	litograferei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
riaccompagnare	riaccompagni	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
broccare	broccheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
accotonare	accotonasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
mineralizzare	mineralizzante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
destatalizzare	destatalizzasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
riconciliare	riconcilierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
baruffare	baruffiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
nudrire	nudriscono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
sfigurare	sfigurerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
disinnamorarsi	ci disinnamoreremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
scadenzare	scadenzammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
argentare	argentassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ringagliardire	ringagliardissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
fruttificare	fruttificherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
declassificare	declassifichiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
tesserarsi	ci tessereremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
brutalizzare	brutalizzavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
raggirare	raggiriamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
incuriosirsi	si incuriosissero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
sovvenire	sovvenissero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
erudire	erudirono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
gambizzare	gambizzaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ricacciare	ricacciasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
perfare	perfacevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ammollire	ammollivamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
largire	largimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
riddare	riddi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
abbrunire	abbrunivano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
frammischiarsi	frammischiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
doparsi	ci dopiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
guardarsene	se ne guardasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ammelmare	ammelmavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
elidere	elide	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
clonare	clonarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
incespicare	incespicheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
culminare	culminare	V;NFIN;italian
ritualizzare	ritualizzerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
reimpiegare	reimpiegammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
fugare	fugasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
fabbricare	fabbricherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
annuvolarsi	si annuvolavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
inasprire	inaspriremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
sfangare	sfangavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
sottomurare	sottomuravano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
noverare	novero	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
estivare	estiverà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
rinfrescarsi	si rinfresca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
correggere	correggerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
castrare	castriamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
affrittellare	affrittellai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
questuare	questuereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
scazzottarsi	ci scazzotteremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
gettarsi	si getteranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
invigliacchire	invigliacchiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
tossire	tossisca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
sfregiare	sfregiavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
rassumere	rassumete	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
curarsi	mi curassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
azzuffarsi	si azzuffa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
vederci	vedenteci	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ravvolgere	ravvolgerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
lasciare	lasciai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
rimasticare	rimasticaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
incingere	incingiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
spastoiare	spastoi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
rallegrare	rallegrante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
salvarsi	ti salverai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
rivestire	rivestite	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
sballottare	sballottasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
dissacrare	dissacrano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
rappattumare	rappattumassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
disperdere	disperdente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
divorziare	divorziaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
approvvigionare	approvvigionato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
arrostare	arrostammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
risollevare	risollevammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
demandare	demanderà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
rammollirsi	mi rammollii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
raddrizzare	raddrizzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
disambiguare	disambiguano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
frammettere	frammetti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ticchettare	ticchetti	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
accerchiellare	accerchiellarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
riscotere	riscoterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
arreggimentare	arreggimentare	V;NFIN;italian
riprestare	riprestato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
incornare	incorno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
alberare	alberava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
monetarizzare	monetarizzerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
aggruppare	aggruppato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
rintontire	rintontirete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
affiochirsi	affiochito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
biennalizzare	biennalizzaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ottenere	otterrei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
imboccare	imboccò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
reclutare	reclutammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ripudiare	ripudiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
sbiadirsi	mi sbiadisco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
frammischiarsi	vi frammischiate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
sfinire	sfinirò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
caramellare	caramellante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
precingere	precingemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
incamiciare	incamiciassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
dilaniarsi	si dilanino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
rincretinire	rincretinente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
scalpellare	scalpellerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
idoleggiare	idoleggerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
malvedere	malvedrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
mediare	mediammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
sopravvedere	sopravvedono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
preporre	prepongono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
involgarire	involgarisca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
accidere	accendano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
infondere	infonderebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
spezzettare	spezzettasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
decostruire	decostruii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
conferire	conferiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
espletare	espleti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
sbicchierare	sbicchieravamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
sottoporre	sottoponi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
abbronzarsi	si abbronzeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
fiondare	fiondando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
riselciare	riselci	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
martoriare	martorierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
infornaciare	infornaciano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
accadere	accaduto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
spesare	spesasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
rimangiare	rimangerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
rinselvarsi	vi rinselvereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
informicolarsi	vi informicolaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
addebitare	addebitassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
affrescare	affresca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
taccheggiare	taccheggiammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
cuntare	cuntare	V;NFIN;italian
bannare	bannavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
montare	monterebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
defraudare	defrauderebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
conteggiare	conteggerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
sponsorizzare	sponsorizzaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
lavorare	lavorerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
padreggiare	padreggi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
pensare	pensava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
svillaneggiarsi	mi svillaneggerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
riconcedere	riconcedendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
inflaccidire	inflaccidisca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
sgranellare	sgranellasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
sconfinare	sconfinerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ammassare	ammasso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
confinarsi	mi confinai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
funzionare	funzionava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
arabizzare	arabizza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
invaghirsi	vi invaghiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
attutire	attutivamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
bucherellare	bucherellando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
irruvidirsi	si irruvidiscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
etichettare	etichettai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
caratterizzare	caratterizzeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
schifare	schifaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
articolare	articolassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
manutenere	manutenete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
addolcirsi	si addolciranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
bilanciare	bilanciato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
semicingere	semicingeste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
deflazionare	deflazionavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
discaricare	discaricaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
introiettare	introiettavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
vomire	vomirete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
tuffarsi	ci tuffammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
cateterizzare	cateterizzando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
disaffezionare	disaffezioni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
fiaccarsi	fiaccarsi	V;NFIN;italian
intripparsi	si intrippassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
minchionare	minchionaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
rintanarsi	vi rintanaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
scocciare	scocceremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
rotolare	rotoliamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
bilanciarsi	si bilanci	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
dragare	draghiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
addottorarsi	addottorarsi	V;NFIN;italian
punzecchiarsi	punzecchiatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
deidratare	deidratava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
traversare	traversiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
minacciarsi	minacciantesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
rilasciarsi	si rilasci	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
attergare	atterghiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
interfacciare	interfacci	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
zummare	zummerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sfangare	sfangherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
starnazzare	starnazzando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
conferirsi	ci conferiremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
riscaldare	riscaldiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
appiccicare	appiccicherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
luppolizzare	luppolizzarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
paracadutare	paracaduteremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
rizzare	rizzino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
riorientare	riorienteremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
deossigenare	deossigenassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
infiammare	infiammiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
sfasciare	sfasci	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
avvezzare	avvezzi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
riesercitare	riesercitante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ostacolarsi	ostacoliamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
infilare	infilasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
rincarnarsi	si rincarnano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
buscarsi	vi buschereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
illeggiadrire	illeggiadrimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
corredare	corrediate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
volvere	volveranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
adorarsi	si adoreranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
incappucciare	incappucciò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
sprangare	sprangò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
rapprendersi	si rapprende	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
squartare	squartavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ustionare	ustionante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
allidere	alliderete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ristilizzare	ristilizzò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
politicizzarsi	mi politicizzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
allietare	allietino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
acchetare	acchetate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
riqualificare	riqualificai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
inalzare	inalzi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
indignarsi	ti indigni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
taccare	taccherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
battibeccare	battibeccassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
sbalordirsi	vi sbalordiste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
sponsorizzare	sponsorizzassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
soffregare	soffreghiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
dardeggiare	dardeggiate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
tumulare	tumuleresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
voltolarsi	ci voltoleremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
sbandare	sbandereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
forbire	forbiste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
diffamare	diffamante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
noleggiare	noleggiavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ricoverarsi	ricoverato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
aontare	aontando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
squadrare	squadrerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
largire	largire	V;NFIN;italian
avvilupparsi	ci avviluppavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
riaccomodarsi	riaccomodarsi	V;NFIN;italian
metilare	metileremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
rivolare	rivolate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ripresentarsi	si ripresentino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
sdegnare	sdegnassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
rimbalzare	rimbalzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
insonorizzare	insonorizzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
nobilitarsi	nobilitandosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
tinteggiare	tinteggiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
perpetuarsi	vi perpetuate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
schedulare	schedulereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
sfegatarsi	si sfegaterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
svestirsi	ti svesti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
affollarsi	si affollerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ritracciare	ritracciai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
appesantirsi	si appesantirebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
schedare	schedi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
rimeritare	rimeritiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
corrugarsi	si corrugasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
categorizzare	categorizzano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
rinverdirsi	vi rinverdivate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
affiliarsi	affiliatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
porzionare	porziono	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
nobilitarsi	si nobiliti	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
riconsacrare	riconsacreranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
islamizzare	islamizzai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
regolarizzare	regolarizzarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
scambiare	scambiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ricolorare	ricolorereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
contrassegnare	contrassegnassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
trotterellare	trotterellavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
sguainare	sguainerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
adiuvare	adiuvasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
clusterizzare	clusterizzare	V;NFIN;italian
dimezzare	dimezzassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
deporre	deporreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
imbussolare	imbussoli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
abbelire	abbeliamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
metallizzare	metallizzeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
acidare	acideremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
sportellare	sportellarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
sgomentarsi	si sgomentò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
cernere	cernei	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
stingere	stinse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
tarlare	tarlassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ridere	rideste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
abbioccarsi	vi abbioccavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
rinsaccare	rinsacchi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ristuccare	ristucchi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
suolare	suoliamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
olezzare	olezzino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ronzare	ronzante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
riallacciarsi	ti riallacceresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
nascondersi	ti nascondi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
esterificare	esterificavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
sbrigarsi	si sbrigherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
mansuefare	mansuefa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
copiaincollare	copiaincolli	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
beccheggiare	beccheggiante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
pellettizzare	pellettizza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
spollonare	spollonante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
sbatacchiare	sbatacchi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
stingersi	ci stingiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
scannarsi	ti scanneresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
titillare	titillaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
naturaleggiare	naturaleggerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
imperversare	imperversiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
permettersi	si permetterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
appagare	appagava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
inasprire	inasprisse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
tonfare	tonfavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
impiparsene	se ne impipava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
internalizzare	internalizzerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
riabbonare	riabbonavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
addentrarsi	ti addentri	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
rallentarsi	ti rallenteresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
rincingere	rincingo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
disaggregare	disaggreghi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
rimboschire	rimboschii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
recarsi	vi rechereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
depolarizzare	depolarizzavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ciclostilare	ciclostilerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
contorcersi	si contorceranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
sbandare	sbandavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
impattare	impattassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
microfilmare	microfilmiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
stropicciarsene	te ne stropicciavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
centellare	centellano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
cellofanare	cellofanereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
compromettersi	vi compromettiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
infreddarsi	ci infreddavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ottimizzare	ottimizzante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
scoprirsi	scopriti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
squilibrarsi	si squilibravano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
caratterizzarsi	ti caratterizzassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
acciaiare	acciaiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
succidere	succidete	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
appratire	appratisca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
esterificare	esterificavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
arruvidire	arruvidito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
rindurire	rindurissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
alitare	alitavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
rimpinguare	rimpingueremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
invitarsi	invitatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ristabilirsi	ti ristabilissi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
arrembare	arremba	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
disorientarsi	si disorientarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
pescare	peschiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
accalappiare	accalappia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
fischiettare	fischiettassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
disallineare	disallineammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
setificare	setificaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ingentilire	ingentiliamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
fosfatare	fosfaterete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ancorarsi	ti ancori	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
esercire	esercimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
relazionare	relazionasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
polverizzarsi	si polverizzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
giustapporre	giustapponevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
germinare	germina	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
solennizzare	solennizzassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
scrocchiare	scrocchieresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
introdurre	introducevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
darsela	mi do	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
trasmodare	trasmodassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
viaggiare	viaggi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
permeare	permeerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
depurarsi	si depurava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
svestirsi	mi svesto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
retribuire	retribuirete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
infossare	infosserebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
rivaleggiare	rivaleggia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
gallicizzare	gallicizzeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
congelarsi	congelati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
rirompere	rirompiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
impataccarsi	mi impataccavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
scapigliare	scapigliamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
profferire	profferivate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
suonare	suoniamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
diplomarsi	si diplomi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
decantare	decantassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
aggrondarsi	si aggrondino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
infettarsi	infettarsi	V;NFIN;italian
ospedalizzare	ospedalizzerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
rifornire	rifornirebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ulolare	ulolato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
svenire	sverremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
solidarizzare	solidarizzare	V;NFIN;italian
stuprare	stupro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
celiare	celi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
volturare	volturavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
inizializzare	inizializzai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
istituire	istituirebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
adorarsi	ti adori	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
artigliare	artigliamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
incarnirsi	si incarnì	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
zizzagare	zizzaghino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
escire	escisse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
attivare	attivi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
forfettizzare	forfettizzerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
cointestare	cointesterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
scostare	scostassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
arrapare	arrapi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
intonare	intonammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
tabulare	tabulassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
strabuzzare	strabuzzando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ingraziosire	ingraziosivamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
interrogare	interrogherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
provocarsi	si provocassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
metabolizzare	metabolizzereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
adusare	adusato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
smascherarsi	vi smascheraste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
profilare	profiliamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
esimere	esimevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
continuare	continuerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
manducare	manduchi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
definire	definite	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
estrinsecarsi	si estrinsecavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ricomprare	ricomprammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
sbicchierare	sbicchierai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
riacciuffare	riacciufferò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
illustrare	illustriamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
riciclare	riciclano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
scandalizzarsi	scandalizziamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
crucciare	crucciate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
scompisciarsi	ti scompisciavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
stereotipare	stereotipate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
rieseguire	rieseguireste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
redigere	redigessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
persuadersi	mi persuaderò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
dardeggiare	dardeggi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
radicare	radicassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
residuare	residuavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
disacidire	disacidiscano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ridivenire	ridivieni	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
sottoporsi	ti sottoporresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
trapporre	trapponi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
rasserenare	rassereniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
aocchiare	aocchiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
drappeggiarsi	si drappeggi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
riaccomodarsi	ti riaccomoderai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
lardare	larderemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
censurare	censurino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
sdrucire	sdruciranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
inumare	inumo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
esagitare	esagito	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
dimorare	dimora	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
preregistrare	preregistraste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
innastare	innasti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ricategorizzare	ricategorizzassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
sciroppare	sciroppi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
riattivare	riattivo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
sfregiare	sfregino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
frenarsi	si frenerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ricristallizzarsi	ti ricristallizzavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
rifiggere	rifiggiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
vedersi	si vedranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
intenerire	intenerito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
palpare	palpasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
insegnare	insegnassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
brulicare	brulicherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
accattivarsi	mi accattiverei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
osteggiare	osteggiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
chiudere	chiudente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ciattare	ciatterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
raccontarsi	mi racconto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
scoraggire	scoraggirebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
assumere	assuma	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
hackerare	hackerate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
restringersi	vi restringerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
intridere	intrise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
attingere	attingemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
avvinazzarsi	avvinazzati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
soprintendere	soprintendere	V;NFIN;italian
ingarbugliare	ingarbuglino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
fiottare	fiottassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
mesciare	mesci	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
incassare	incassavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
concernere	concerna	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
riabitare	riabiterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
prepuțial	prepuțialilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
cumplit	cumplitele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
contagios	contagioșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
carnivor	carnivorei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
șubred	șubrezii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
întreprinde	întreprinzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
mărgini	mărgineau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ursoaică	ursoaicele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
întreține	a întreține	V;NFIN;romanian
olimpic	olimpic	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
răsuci	să răsucești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
măsura	măsoară	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
sculă	sculă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
hârtie	niște hârtii	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
conteni	a conteni	V;NFIN;romanian
împături	a împături	V;NFIN;romanian
întâmpla	să întâmplați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
delimitare	niște delimitări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
cunoaște	cunoscuși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ierta	să iert	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
picta	pictarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
păgânătate	păgânătatea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
dispărea	dispar	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ejacula	ejaculează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
amfibiu	amfibiu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
greu	greu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
clocoti	să clocotească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
viitor	viitorurilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
narcotiza	narcotizarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
infix	infixele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
desface	nu desfaceți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
speria	sperie	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
urma	urmarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
frunzos	frunzoși	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
юби	юбисешь	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
elibera	eliberam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
mărita	măritasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
sorg	sorgul	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
înfierbânta	înfierbântați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
scriere	niște scrieri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
tinde	tinseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
mărinimos	mărinimoase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
brândușă	brândușelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
eterogen	eterogena	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
închipui	să închipuiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
înverzi	înverzește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
deșira	deșiram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
transforma	transformat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
săptămânal	săptămânalul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
muri	să murim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
fâșioară	fâșioarelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
slăbi	slăbisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
îmbuca	îmbucași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
deșira	deșirai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
îngriji	îngrijiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
petici	peticit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
lungi	lungiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
înveli	înveliseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
operație	operațiile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
tuna	a tuna	V;NFIN;romanian
bețivan	bețivanule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
înfățișa	înfățișase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
conveni	conveniserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
milimetric	milimetricilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
așeza	așezaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
furnica	furnicaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
înavuți	înavuțirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
catran	catranurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
dezvolta	dezvolți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
întuneca	întunecau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
îmbunătăți	îmbunătățiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
plăcea	să plăceți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
anatomie	anatomiile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
izgoni	izgonește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
împăra	împărezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
scânci	scânceam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
descheia	descheiați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
avorta	nu avortați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
huligan	huliganilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
blând	blânde	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
îndobitoci	nu îndobitociți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
înverșuna	a înverșuna	V;NFIN;romanian
petrece	nu petrece	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
cununa	cununaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
trăgăna	trăgănă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
misterios	misterios	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
dezice	să dezicem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
înfuleca	înfulecași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
amuți	amuțim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
rezema	rezemau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
sui	suiam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
urî	să urăști	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
alcătui	să alcătuiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
termina	terminați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
somnambul	indefinite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
strânge	strânseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
batjocori	batjocoream	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
planta	plantați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
adjectiv	niște adjective	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
pupa	pupând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
screme	scremând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
custa	custam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
puță	niște puțe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
pătlăgea	pătlăgelelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
drăgălaș	drăgălașelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
viezure	niște viezuri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
brav	bravei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
aeroplan	aeroplanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
dușmăni	dușmănim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
memoriza	memorizaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
simți	simțiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
înnoda	înnodai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
irita	să irit	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
prescrie	prescriseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
împovăra	să împovăreze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
parc	parcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
scurma	scurmai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
pornire	unei porniri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
cuminți	cuminții	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
clătina	clatină	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
licurici	licuricilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
relua	reluat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
înfrunta	înfruntaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
gâdila	gâdilași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
urma	urmând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
împăna	să împănați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
șoricel	unui șoricel	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
antagonic	antagonice	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
raționalizabil	raționalizabilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
fonetic	foneticilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
călăreț	călăreților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
înceta	încetând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
mag	magilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
lalea	niște lalele	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ocupa	ocupi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
scălda	scăldăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
amestecat	amestecate	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
dubios	dubios	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
cobai	cobailor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
mărunt	măruntelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
răscoace	răscoapseserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
împerechea	împerechind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
crizantemă	crizantemelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ataraxic	ataraxicele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
mânea	mâneau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
violetă	unei violete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
păun	păunilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
refeca	refecarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
dezvoltat	dezvoltaților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
închega	încheagă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
binar	binarei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
zărgan	unui zărgan	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
suveran	suveranilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
cârnat	unui cârnat	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
dubla	dublând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
augura	să augurezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
visa	visau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
suspina	suspinați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
da la labă	dădu la labă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
vărsa	vărsași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
astronom	astronomilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
exotic	exoticul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
anglican	anglican	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ține	țin	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
distinge	distinseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
vinde	să vinzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
porunci	porunciseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
persevera	perseverarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
voame	să vom	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
exista	nu existați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
afină	afinelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
încânta	încânta	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
îngâna	a îngâna	V;NFIN;romanian
ședea	ședeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
săruta	nu sărutați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
repauza	repauzați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
frământa	frământarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
topi	topim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
olimpic	olimpicele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
implica	să implic	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
vedea	văzuserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
împături	să împăturesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
neașteptat	neașteptatului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
trăda	trădă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
scărpina	scărpinasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
arete	unui arete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
încorpora	încorporase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
garaj	garajelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
coopera	cooperaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
traductor	traductorule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
brăzda	brăzați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
arăta	arătam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
omogen	omogenul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
fostă	fostelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
parazită	parazită	N;VOC;SG;romanian
șir	unui șir	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
geam	geamurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
îmbuca	îmbuca	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
imposibilitate	imposibilitățile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
înșeua	înșeuați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
suci	suciserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
pieptăna	pieptănă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
șterge	șterserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
desprinde	desprindeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
striga	să strigăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
aduce	să aduci	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
muced	muceda	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ars	arsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
aleatoriu	aleatoriului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
prezice	preziceai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
urbanizare	urbanizările	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ascunde	ascund	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
timid	timizii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
pleca	plecasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
vulpoaică	vulpoaicelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
face	făceau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
toca	a toca	V;NFIN;romanian
descinge	descinge	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
pomet	pometurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
răbda	răbda	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
legăna	să legene	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
înfuleca	înfulecă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
persevera	perseverează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
curătură	curăturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
înfoia	înfoiarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
coti	cotești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
teme	temeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
fărâma	fărâmați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
tranzițional	tranziționalului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
răsfira	răsfirarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
tăios	tăioșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
vizibil	vizibilele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
maltez	maltezi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
părăsi	părăsim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
orb	indefinite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
teoric	teorică	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
întemeia	să întemeiez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
datora	datorați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
distinge	distingând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
slugări	slugărind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
îngălbeni	îngălbeneați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
liniști	să liniștești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
tăbăci	tăbăceau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
zbiera	să zbiere	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
cotropi	cotropea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
zbici	zbiceam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
întreține	întreținuse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
face sex	făcuseși sex	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
cerceta	cercetați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
recupera	recuperam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
gudura	gudura	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
calendar	calendarelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
apăsa	apăsai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ferestrui	să ferestruiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
impune	impusese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
prăda	prădaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
citi	citesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
disponibil	disponibil	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
tinctura	nu tinctura	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
școală	școală	N;VOC;SG;romanian
nădăjdui	nu nădăjduiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
întinde	întinseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
cânta	nu cânta	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
coase	cusu	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
însoți	însoțiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
scorni	să scorniți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
închipui	închipuiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
geamăt	gemetele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
grătar	grătarelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aplica	aplicară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
terminație	terminațiilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ac	acule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
vânătă	unei vinete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
coase	să coasem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
răsuna	răsunai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
sfinți	sfințiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
diminua	diminuaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
general	niște generali	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
lărgi	să lărgești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
violet	violetul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
lin	linul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
susține	să susțină	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
roade	rosesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
codificat	codificaților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
înfăptui	înfăptuise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
esență	unei esențe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
loga	logarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
rescrie	rescriem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
implica	implică	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
supraviețui	să supraviețuiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
înveli	învelim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
arăduce	arăduce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
supăra	supără	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
pluti	pluteau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
dospi	dospiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
îmbrăca	a îmbrăca	V;NFIN;romanian
înfuleca	să înfulece	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
împrăștia	să împrăștii	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
mijloci	mijlocește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
obliga	obligară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
caimac	unui caimac	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
creștin	creștinelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
adverbial	adverbial	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
închis	închise	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
excita	excitaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
uniformitate	uniformitatea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
scutura	scutură	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
mărunt	mărunt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
stânjeni	stânjeneai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
lipi	lipi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
turba	turbaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ierta	nu ierta	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
însoți	însoțesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
lebădă	niște lebede	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
colaborator	colaboratoarele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
preveni	prevenisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
stâng	stângi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
recunoaște	recunoscând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
june	junilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
da la muie	nu da la muie	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
blasfemie	blasfemiilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
dovleac	dovlecilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
petrece	petrecui	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
rescrie	rescriind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
canadian	definite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
însoți	însoțește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
sumete	să sumet	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
împroprietări	nu împroprietări	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
grăbi	grăbește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
trăda	trădară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
conifer	unui conifer	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
străvechi	străvechi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
invita	invită	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
învins	învinsă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
instant	instantului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
despica	despica	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
consta	constătuserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
analogic	analogicilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
amăgi	amăgiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
flămând	flămândelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
răzbuna	răzbunând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
înghiți	înghițeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
gândi	să gândim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
integral	integrala	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
caviar	caviarule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ademeni	ademenirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
macagiu	unui macagiu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
rugi	rugim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
anal	anala	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
suveran	suverane	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
făgădui	făgăduiați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
liniști	nu liniști	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
sfârși	să sfârșești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
lubrifia	lubrifiași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
statuetă	unei statuete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
acioaie	acioaie	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
spune	nu spuneți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
înjunghia	înjunghiați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
grație	grațiile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
făptui	făptuim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
dezvăța	dezvățași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
pilota	a pilota	V;NFIN;romanian
leoaică	unei leoaice	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
zbiera	zbieraserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
reciprocitate	reciprocitate	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
cheie	cheile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
apune	apuseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
excela	excelași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
masturba	masturbași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
însărcina	a însărcina	V;NFIN;romanian
dezavantaja	nu dezavantajați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
accelerație	accelerație	N;VOC;SG;romanian
prânzi	prânzesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
castel	castelele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
exagera	exageram	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
zgâria	zgâriaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
conteni	conteniserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
bea	bând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
rânză	rânzelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
transcrie	transcrieți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
pășuna	pășunaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
îngropa	îngropase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
apărea	apari	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
răscula	să răsculăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
parazitologie	parazitologiilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
luminos	luminoase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
whisky	whisky-urile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
jalnic	jalnic	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ruina	ruinând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
dezgust	dezgustule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ciufut	ciufute	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
urî	urâseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
perfect	perfecte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
soporifer	soporifer	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
vrăji	vrăjeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
mijloci	mijlociseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
monocrom	monocromele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
pretențios	pretențiosului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
pretențios	pretențiosul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
frontieră	frontierele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
curge	curseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
oficial	oficialelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
comun	comun	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
rabat	niște rabaturi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
astronomie	astronomia	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
despica	să despice	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
soma	somarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
scălda	scald	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
goli	goleați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
împrejmui	împrejmuirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ascunde	ascunsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
deretica	dereticați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
pupa	să pupe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
îngâmfa	să îngâmfăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
caimac	caimacule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
păpa	păpară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
tăbăci	tăbăceam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
cutremura	cutremurau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
încorona	încoronează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
mărunți	să mărunțim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
sta	să stea	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
scărpina	a scărpina	V;NFIN;romanian
înfierbânta	nu înfierbânta	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
tăcea	tăceți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
butoi	unui butoi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
frământa	a frământa	V;NFIN;romanian
delicios	delicios	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
neașteptat	neașteptat	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
buciuma	buciumaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
aprins	aprinsa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
abandona	să abandonăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
porni	pornești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
contraveni	nu contraveni	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
activa	activase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
prepoziție	prepozițiilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
dispărea	să dispăreți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cronic	cronici	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
albanez	albaneză	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
împrejura	împrejurară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
desfășa	desfășarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
guvernamental	guvernamentali	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
biochimic	biochimici	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
urî	urăsc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
aluminifer	aluminiferului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
conteni	contenii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
sfătui	sfătuiai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
cumpli	cumplise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
sorbi	nu sorbiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
purpuriu	purpuriul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
răsări	răsărirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
chițăi	chițăirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
angaja	să angajeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
eternitate	niște eternități	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
întrema	să întremez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
instabilitate	instabilitatea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
treaptă	treptelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
durere	durerilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
glumi	glumește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
uimi	uimiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
gusta	a gusta	V;NFIN;romanian
șes	șeasă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
băși	bese	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
biochimic	biochimic	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
afurisi	afurisit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
măreț	mărețe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
mânea	să mână	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
incomplet	incomplet	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
cășuna	cășunați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
duios	duioase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ceașcă	ceașcă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
materialist	materialiștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
alăpta	alăptaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
suspensor	suspensori	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
îmbulzi	îmbulzește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
cotidian	cotidienei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
tenta	nu tentați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
larg	largi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
moașă	niște moașe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
suprem	supremei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
pofticios	pofticioase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
creștinesc	creștinești	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
rezista	rezistai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
memorie	memoriilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
răcni	răcneam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
suprem	supreme	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
azvârli	azvârleau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
măcel	măcelurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
mătura	măturând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
deranja	să deranjezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
bou	boilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ciocan	ciocanule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
imprima	imprimarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
speti	spetesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
dependent	dependentei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
norocos	norocosului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
îmbogăți	să îmbogățim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
prețui	prețuiește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
cuprins	cuprinșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
dezlipi	dezlipi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
pisa	să pisăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
înțepa	să înțep	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
cărăbuș	niște cărăbuși	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
flecar	flecarului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
iscăli	iscălise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
mașină	mașinilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
crăpa	crăpat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
rosti	rosteai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
lătra	lătră	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
libidinos	libidinoase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
închina	închini	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
tanc	unui tanc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
strălucitor	strălucitorului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
scăpa	scapă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
simplifica	simplificai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
futangiu	niște futangii	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
arde	arserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
bardou	unui bardou	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
legăna	legănași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
trage	trageai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
sticlă	sticlelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
intim	intimele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
frâna	frânând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
tuna	tunați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
castaniu	castaniului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
înjunghia	înjunghiați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
interzice	interziseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
italiancă	italiencele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
venera	venerai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
teoric	teorica	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
râvni	să râvniți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
îndrăgosti	îndrăgostesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
gorun	gorunii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
crăpa	crăpaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
împroprietări	împroprietărit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
multipolar	multipolari	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
drege	să dregă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
iernatic	definite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
reînnoi	reînnoiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
decide	decideai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
onoare	onorurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
contraveni	să contravină	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
urdina	să urdin	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
atotștiutor	atotștiutori	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
abacă	abacelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
afurisi	afuriseați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
aduce	adu	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
zăcământ	zăcămintele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
holba	holbezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
îmbia	îmbiam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
coreean	coreeanul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
aceră	acerele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
cina	cinezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
certa	certând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
gustare	gustărilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
mâzgăli	mâzgălesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
aține	aținând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
îngheța	să înghețe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
sista	sistă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
palincă	palincilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
epuiza	epuizezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
limpezi	să limpeziți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
homosexualitate	homosexualitate	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
împăca	împăcaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
desfășa	să desfășați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
înlocui	înlocuirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
interveni	să intervenim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
originalitate	originalitate	N;VOC;SG;romanian
sfătui	sfătuiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
bara	să barăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
alăpta	alăptai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
vântura	a vântura	V;NFIN;romanian
amurg	amurgurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
furnica	furnicat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
brăzda	brăzam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
oglindi	oglindiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
sigur	sigurul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
tramvai	tramvaielor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
masiv	masivilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
scurt	scurtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
amurg	amurgule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
învolbura	învolbur	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
adorabil	adorabilii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
sfat	sfaturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
slăvi	slăvirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
cioară	unei ciori	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
convingător	convingător	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
rinocer	rinocerule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
paralitic	paraliticului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
rugini	ruginește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
păgân	păgânule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
înrădăcina	înrădăcinară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
hazliu	hazlii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
adânci	adâncim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
însenina	însenină	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
obține	obțineam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
homofobic	homofobici	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
întrebuința	întrebuințând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
uni	unirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
expedia	nu expedia	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
înfrunzi	înfrunzesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
chin	unui chin	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
autobuz	autobuzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aciua	aciuat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
spera	să spere	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
răposa	răposează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
pofti	poftea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ațâța	ațâță	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
tată	taților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
înlătura	să înlăturați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
omorî	omorați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
piure	piureurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
împleti	împleti	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
găsi	găsiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
culege	culegeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
lipici	lipiciurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
amaneta	să amanetezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
face	să faceți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
reține	să rețin	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
zăcea	zăceam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
jigni	jignise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
grăbi	să grăbești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
mașină	unei mașini	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
augura	augurați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
insulta	insultat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
sluji	slujiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
spinos	spinoase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
aține	ații	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
trăi	trăiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
zdrobi	zdrobiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
scrisoare	unei scrisori	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
însuflețire	niște însuflețiri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
unguresc	unguresc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
întâmpina	întâmpinarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
masturba	masturbați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cădea	cădeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
corci	să corcească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
dezgheța	dezghețaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
dizolva	a dizolva	V;NFIN;romanian
dezrobi	dezrobeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
strănuta	să strănutăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
umbla	umblați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
serba	să serbez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
pica	pica	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
brutal	brutalelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
scăpăra	scăpărarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
sinistru	sinistru	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
tei	teii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
delict	niște delicte	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
anula	anulezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
locui	locuiește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
acvatic	acvatică	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
baschet	unui baschet	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
orientare sexuală	niște orientări sexuale	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
usca	usca	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
curma	să curm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
proba	probai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
materialist	indefinite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
visa	visăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
săra	sărăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
logodi	logodind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
frământa	să frămânți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
înfășura	înfășurau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
dulap	dulapurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
vizualiza	să vizualizeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
lalea	lalelelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
arogant	arogante	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
răbda	rabzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
înrudi	să înrudim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
aspirină	unei aspirine	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
halucina	halucină	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
inunda	inundă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
descompune	descompuneți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
atlantic	atlantice	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
orizont	orizonturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
plajă	plajele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
trăsni	trăsnește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
extrage	extraseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
zăcământ	zăcămintelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
simți	simții	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
pilota	să pilotăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
urzi	urzise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
adeveri	să adeveresc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
plivi	nu plivi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
vântura	vânturați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
înfierbânta	să înfierbânte	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
atinge	atinserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
înierba	înierbarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
custa	custau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
prim	primilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
împroprietări	împroprietărea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
păsăresc	păsăreștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
negustor	negustorule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
cerne	cernuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
țeapăn	țepene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
hotar	unui hotar	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
speti	nu spetiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
pădure	niște păduri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
mânia	mâniasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
înconjura	să înconjurăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
descoperi	să descoperi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
pictură	picturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
destrăbăla	a destrăbăla	V;NFIN;romanian
adăpa	adăpai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ațâța	ațâțai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
transforma	transformai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
lăcrima	lăcrimaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
andorran	andorrana	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
legal	legali	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
indisponibil	indisponibilii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
însori	însoreau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
răgușit	răgușit	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
specific	specifică	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
adorabil	adorabili	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
da la labă	dăduse la labă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
refuza	refuzai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
continuu	continue	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
coti	cotirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
pumnal	pumnalule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
anina	aninaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
induce	să inducă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
copia	copiem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
încânta	a încânta	V;NFIN;romanian
arșiță	arșițelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
forja	forjați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
despica	despicară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
eterogen	eterogenei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
expedia	expedia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ghida	ghidat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
țap	țapilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
înfige	înfigeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
întina	întinați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
spulbera	nu spulbera	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
șchiopăta	șchiopătasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
secera	secerăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
influența	influențară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
apetisant	apetisantului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
înverșuna	înverșunăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
azalee	azaleelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
luci	lucind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
lichid	lichid	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
echidnă	echidnă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
burtos	burtoaselor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
stradă	stradă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
scărpina	nu scărpinați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
încrede	încredeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
descuia	descuiarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
înnopta	înnoptai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
deschide	deschiseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
încărunți	a încărunți	V;NFIN;romanian
uda	udă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
lăcrimos	lăcrimoasa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
lua în seamă	lua în seamă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
depăra	depărarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
neguța	neguțăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
dezvolta	dezvoltai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
sexy	sexy	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
irita	irit	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
împunge	împunsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
injecta	să injectați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
singur	singurii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
amărî	amărâserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
îndura	îndurarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
lingvistic	lingvistici	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
îndobitoci	nu îndobitoci	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
tranzitiv	tranzitivi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
influența	să influențez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
limpezi	limpezirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
necomutabil	necomutabilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
meriza	meriză	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
fertil	fertilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
stricat	stricata	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
sandviș	sandvișurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aduce	să aduceți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
lua	să ia	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
crede	crede	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
bulevard	unui bulevard	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
răsfira	răsfirăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
aluneca	alunecă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
cântări	cântărește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
izbi	izbește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
închega	închegați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
îmbătat	îmbătaților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
declina	să decline	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
înrădăcina	înrădăcinați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
orgasm	orgasmele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
seduce	să seduc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ruga	rog	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
îmbuca	să îmbuci	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
chilot	chiloților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
nudism	nudismului	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
împodobi	împodobiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
zbârci	zbârcește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
descoperi	descoperise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
daltă	niște dălți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
dăpăra	dăpărau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
râde	râdeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
agrișă	unei agrișe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
căsători	să căsătoresc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
înnoi	să înnoim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
împunge	împunge	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
bășica	bășicat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
socoti	socotiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
bijuterie	niște bijuterii	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
supăra	supăraserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
amuți	amuțisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
băși	să bășiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
sfâșia	sfâșiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
servi	servirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
rămâne	rămaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
luci	luciși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
distruge	distrusese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
căpățânos	căpățânos	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
dospi	nu dospi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
critic	criticul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
bănui	a bănui	V;NFIN;romanian
simboliza	simbolizează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
îndesa	îndeși	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
mic	mici	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
scăpa	scăpam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
urbanizare	niște urbanizări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
risipi	să risipiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
prun	prunilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
supraveghea	supraveghea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
documenta	documentați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
spin	spinilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ceramică	ceramicele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
buchet	buchetelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
deprimat	deprimați	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
îmbărbăta	să îmbărbătăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
rotire	rotire	N;VOC;SG;romanian
stingheri	să stingherești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
aplica	aplic	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
deretica	dereticași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
invizibil	invizibilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
cumpăta	cumpătează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
omenie	omenie	N;VOC;SG;romanian
șantajistă	șantajistelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
înfuria	înfuriam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
atac	atacule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
nebuni	nebunea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
preveni	preveniseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
dobândi	dobândeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
dirigui	diriguiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
apărea	apăreți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
burtos	burtosului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
bulgăresc	bulgărești	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
șușui	șușuii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
învălura	învălura	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
străvechi	străvechi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
dansa	să dansăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
îndrăzni	nu îndrăzniți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
dezbina	dezbinați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
agest	agesturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
mediocru	mediocrele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
înlesni	înlesnești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
brândușă	brândușă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
creștinesc	creștineștii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
jindui	jinduind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
zdrobi	zdrobit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
renova	să renovezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
frunză	frunză	N;VOC;SG;romanian
scufunda	scufundaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
obscur	obscure	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
morfologie	morfologiei	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
nebuni	să nebuniți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
slovac	definite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
rupt	ruptei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
angaja	angajați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
întreg	niște întregi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
anima	animați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
capitula	capitulai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
civiliza	civiiza	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
canicular	canicularilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
vitreg	vitregele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
îngâna	îngână	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
aminti	amintesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
pișa	pișaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
gâdila	să gâdilăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
scânteia	scânteiați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
întinge	întinseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
actor	actorule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
mulțime	mulțime	N;VOC;SG;romanian
nimeri	nimerirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
buluci	a buluci	V;NFIN;romanian
cinge	nu cingeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
rupe	a rupe	V;NFIN;romanian
prânzi	nu prânziți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
zgâi	zgâiau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
masculin	masculini	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
introduce	să introducă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
boci	boci	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
mincinos	mincinoasei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
mamut	niște mamuți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
răsuci	răsuciserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
trezi	nu treziți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
săgeată	niște săgeți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
scurge	scurserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
văduvi	văduvim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
congela	să congelez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
curma	să curme	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
mirandeză	mirandeze	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
robi	robii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
abdica	abdică	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
descurca	descurcaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
deplasa	să deplasați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
uman	definite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
vântos	vântos	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
întoarce	întorsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
mește	mescusem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
real	real	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
tărăgăna	tărăgănai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
încerca	încercați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
căpriță	căprițelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aprig	aprigi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
îndepărta	îndepărtează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
umili	umilirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
reflectat	reflectat	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
amfibian	amfibianule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
uimitor	uimitoarei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
iluzie	iluziile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
dăuna	să dăunați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
rețea	unei rețele	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
dezuni	să dezunești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
coase	să coasă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
explica	să explic	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
naiv	naivei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
instant	instanților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
sparge	sparseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
halva	halvalelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
înzestra	înzestrau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
murmura	murmurați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
face labă	a face labă	V;NFIN;romanian
întrerupe	nu întrerupeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
abager	abagerule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
închega	închegaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
lăbărțat	lăbărțată	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
scorni	scornești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
munci	muncisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
flaur	flaurelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
zburda	zburdam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
așteptare	așteptărilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
plăti	plătește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
fericit	fericite	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
dimineață	unei dimineți	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
liniști	liniștim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
traduce	traduceai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
planetar	planetarelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
zbura	nu zburați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
examen	examenelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
mâță	mâțele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
misterios	misterios	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
lingvistic	lingvistice	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
gâmba	să gâmbăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
rotunjit	rotunjitului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
pupa	pupau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
avion	avioanelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
circumscrie	circumscriați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
desfășura	desfășură	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
britanic	britanic	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
umbla	umblați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
prelungi	nu prelungi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
zice	zi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
fijian	fijiene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
satisface	satisfăcea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
aminti	să amintiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
simplu	simplă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
neregal	neregalele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
valah	valahi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
trombon	tromboanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
spăla	spăl	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
sufleca	suflecă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
valsa	valsat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
risca	riscăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
avantaj	avantajele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
uni	a uni	V;NFIN;romanian
ierta	a ierta	V;NFIN;romanian
venezuelean	venezuelenele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
argilos	argiloase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
naște	născuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
spera	să sperăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
deștept	deștept	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
purcede	să purced	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
păcătui	să păcătuiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
tâmplar	tâmplarii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
obține	obțineam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
cumpăni	să cumpănim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
prăbuși	prăbușeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
lungi	lungeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
suflet	sufletule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
slăvi	slăvind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
telefon	telefoanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
rezista	rezistă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
buză	buzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
mura	murat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
exterior	exterior	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
aluneca	să alunecați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
imprecație	imprecațiile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
porc	unui porc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
aiura	nu aiurați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
chema	chemați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
invincibilis	invincibilibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ratiocinativus	ratiōcinātīva	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
scutula	scutulae	N;DAT;SG;latin
arbitrium	arbitria	N;VOC;PL;latin
solutissimus	solutissimā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
adjugo	adjugābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
abolefacio	abolēfēcērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
cultissimus	cultissimō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
uligo	ūlīginibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
orichalcum	orichalcum	N;NOM;SG;latin
adsigno	adsignābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
exsaturo	exsaturābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
allicio	alliciar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
cudo	cūduntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
drappus	drappī	N;VOC;PL;latin
remulceo	remulcērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
praeconius	praecōniī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
byssinus	byssinō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
divello	dīvellissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
obstrepo	obstreperēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
inrideo	inrīdēbitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
permolestus	permolestās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ulterior	ulteriōra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
furcifer	furciferō	N;DAT;SG;latin
spurcissimus	spurcissimam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
inquisitor	inquīsītōrēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
intercalarius	intercalāriī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
fuscitarsis	fuscitarse	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
pampinarius	pampināria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
acroscopicus	acroscopica	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
actinopetalus	actinopetalō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
progigno	prōgignēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
deflecto	dēflectuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
amsterdamensis	amsterdamēnsēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
adversissimus	adversissima	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
dementissimus	dēmentissimum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
vastissimus	vastissimōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
inflecto	īnflectēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
virido	viridābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
odoro	odōrābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
inconcinnus	inconcinnō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
perpusillus	perpusillum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
volucris	volucrī	N;DAT;SG;latin
alascensis	alascensēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
adclaro	adclārāvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
testator	testātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
autumo	autument	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
dirimo	dirimētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
adlaudo	adlaudābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iniquus	inīquā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
frustulentus	frustulenta	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
organizo	organizārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
anteverto	anteverterēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
portitor	portitōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
destituo	dēstitue	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
deiero	dēierāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
eucharis	eucharī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
judico	jūdicābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
idoneus	idōneum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
agguberno	aggubernā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
illudo	illūderēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
pupilla	pūpillās	N;ACC;PL;latin
circumspicio	circumspiciātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
diiudico	dīiūdicem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
inpertio	inpertīverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
opero	operāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
albulus	albulum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
compunctio	compunctiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
moto	mōtāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
instabilio	instabilīverātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
hypotheca	hypothēca	N;VOC;SG;latin
inservio	īnservīvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
retrudo	retrūserās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
rupico	rupicōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
inopinatus	inopīnātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
azoricus	azoricī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
putidissimus	pūtidissimī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
longimanus	longimanum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
perbonus	perbonī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
adulterium	adulterium	N;ACC;SG;latin
prudentissimus	prūdēntissimī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
obarmo	obarmās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
superextendo	superextenduntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
praelongus	praelongae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
infligo	īnflīgēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
allino	allinitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
obtendo	obtendimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
assevero	assevēret	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
informis	īnfōrmibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
studiosior	studiōsiōrēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
apo	aperēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
fiscina	fiscinae	N;GEN;SG;latin
abrodo	abrōdātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
apputo	apputāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
grunnio	grunniēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
escendo	ēscendō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
reformo	refōrmāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
rectangulus	rectangulī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
clausum	clausō	N;DAT;SG;latin
mediaevalis	mediaevālēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
declamito	dēclāmitēris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
masculetum	masculētōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
flexuosus	flexuōsī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
exiguum	exiguum	N;NOM;SG;latin
consolativus	consōlātīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
meticulosus	meticulōsōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
luxuria	luxuriae	N;GEN;SG;latin
triplico	trīplicāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
delingo	dēlinxissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
adigo	adigēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
igneus	igneārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
meditabundus	meditābundum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
villaticus	villāticō	N;ABL;SG;latin
resumo	resūmpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
glorifico	glōrificāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
retego	retegent	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
stipatio	stīpātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
inclamo	inclāmāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
hibix	hibīx	N;VOC;SG;latin
diabeticorus	diabeticorō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
defigo	dēfīxerīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
duratio	dūrātiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
coangusto	coangustārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
polulus	pōlulōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
imperitia	imperītiās	N;ACC;PL;latin
adspicio	adspiciēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
anisoplia	anisopliae	N;NOM;PL;latin
inpero	inperēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
arithmeticus	arithmētica	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deversorium	dēversōriīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
detondeo	dētondērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
praeverto	praeverteret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
callidior	callidiōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
magnanimus	magnanimī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
supersemino	supersēmināvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
anaglyphus	anaglyphārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
incedo	incessit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
addenso	addēnser	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
impunis	impūnēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
imitatio	imitātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
iumentum	iūmentum	N;NOM;SG;latin
exsurgo	exsurrexerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
ancillula	ancillulārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
aragonensis	aragonēnsī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
cenito	cēnitābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
facinus	facinoribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
sugillo	sūgillāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
regero	regesseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
decisio	dēcīsiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
pertristis	pertrīstēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
denego	dēnegēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
canorus	canōra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
venefica	venēficam	N;ACC;SG;latin
obscurior	obscūriōrēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
propitio	propitiāverīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
undulo	undulābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
interior	interiōribus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
abligurrio	abligūrrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
prolecto	prōlectēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
penultimus	pēnultimī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
iubilo	iūbilābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
comosus	comōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
humecto	humectātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
hypogaeus	hypogaea	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
revinco	revincimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
operosior	operōsiōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
paganicus	pāgānicī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
addecimo	addecimēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
integellus	integellum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
exsuflo	exsuflāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
iaspachates	iaspachātīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
excubo	excubāre	V;NFIN;latin
austrinus	austrīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
persibus	persibārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
pudeo	pudērentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
retardo	retardārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
obtrectatio	obtrectātō	N;VOC;SG;latin
profundo	prōfundēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
lituanus	lituānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ninguis	ninguēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
thracius	thrācium	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
rubellus	rubellum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ammisceo	ammiscuerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
humecto	humectāvimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
bilobatus	bilobātum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
quantuscumque	quantacumque	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
canutus	cānūtō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
superscribo	superscrībēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
huangshanensis	huangshanensibus	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
perstrictio	perstrictiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
meracus	merācī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
lucidissimus	lūcidissima	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
inflexilis	inflexile	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
pergamentum	pergamentum	N;NOM;SG;latin
iturensis	iturensibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
intono	intonābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
junix	jūnīcis	N;GEN;SG;latin
cachinnus	cachinnōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
incutio	incusserītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
inverecundus	inverēcundum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
renuncio	renunciāverimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
aurifluus	aurifluī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
impennis	impennia	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
dissolutissimus	dissolutissima	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
adsimulo	adsimulāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
peculiaris	pecūliāre	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
circumplecto	circumplectēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
mulsum	mulsum	N;ACC;SG;latin
viceregnum	vicerēgnī	N;GEN;SG;latin
plodo	ploserim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
amplio	ampliāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
inpolitus	inpolīte	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
ephoebus	ephoebīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
cellarium	cellāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
actito	āctitāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
allecto	allectant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
arcto	arctāvit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
adcurro	adcurrerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
herbarius	herbāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
insanio	īnsāniāmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
chmericus	chmericō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
annutrio	annūtrīte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
circumscribo	circumscrīpserit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
sandakanensis	sandakanensia	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
napus	nāpī	N;NOM;PL;latin
nasciturus	nāscitūrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
multiplicativus	multiplicātivō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
inscitus	īnscītīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
subsigno	subsignāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
sapidus	sapidō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
nubianus	nubianī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
purpuratus	purpurātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
dissentio	dissēnsissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aenus	aēnōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
comprobo	comprobāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
contemno	contempserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
delibuo	dēlibueritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
paronomasia	paronomasiīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
pulpa	pulpās	N;ACC;PL;latin
iussio	iussiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
summoneo	summoneātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
adamo	adamāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
aduno	adūnāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
curculio	curculiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
conplico	conplicāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
summoneo	summonēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
zygia	zygia	N;NOM;SG;latin
succinericius	succinerīciōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
inflammo	īnflammābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
objectivus	ōbjectīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
inclitus	inclitārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
actinacanthus	actinacanthum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
basium	bāsiōrum	N;NOM;PL;latin
Mediolatinus	Mediolatīnōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
coloro	colōrābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
innutrio	innūtrīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
malevolus	malevolō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
coruletum	corulētīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
bucculentus	bucculentōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
catechumenus	catēchūmenum	N;ACC;SG;latin
elixus	ēlixā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
divendo	dīvēndiminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
appeto	appetit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
tonsorius	tonsōrium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
anaglyfus	anaglyfa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
agguberno	aggubernāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
obarmo	obarmātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
troco	trocāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
restauro	rēstaurābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
subplico	subplicārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
discalis	discālis	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
percieo	perciēbor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
destituo	dēstituerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
adductus	adductī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
perhaurio	perhauseram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
corrector	correctōrēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
invisitatus	invīsitātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
Sibylla	Sibyllīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
amuletum	amulētō	N;ABL;SG;latin
obco	obcāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
exsuscito	exsuscitābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
hibridus	hibrida	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
coagmento	coagmentat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
bullo	bullāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
cebuanus	cēbuānum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
incingo	incīnxerātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
infusco	īnfuscat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
repercutio	repercusserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
praesumptio	praesumptiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
pestifer	pestiferī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
puniceus	pūniceam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
maestior	maestior	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
serus	sērā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
addenso	addēnsant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
decoro	decorābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
comperendino	comperendinārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
refocilo	refocilem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
libella	lībellīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
declamito	dēclāmitābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
brevicornis	brevicornem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
surripio	surripiminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
mansueto	mansuētāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
sexus	sexuum	N;GEN;PL;latin
corresuscito	corresuscitāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
redimio	redimiēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
reaedifico	reaedificātor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
genuflecto	genūflectāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
volaticus	volāticae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
opulentitas	opulentitātibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
acerbior	acerbius	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
adripio	adriperet	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
longicornis	longicornēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
rabula	rabula	N;VOC;SG;latin
spinulifer	spīnuliferō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
adtero	adterēbātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
redintegro	redintegrārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
badisso	badissāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
ejaculatio	ējaculātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
terriloquus	terriloquā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
sphera	sphera	N;NOM;SG;latin
abacino	abacinārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
assiduus	assidua	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
biliosus	bīliōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
depango	dēpangimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
publico	pūblicābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
abligurio	abligūrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
tubulus	tubulīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
dulcifer	dulciferum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
visitatio	vīsitātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
exitiabilis	exitiābilibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
adsimilo	adsimilābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
inpendo	inpendit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
caeterus	caeterīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
oppignero	oppignerās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
pinnula	pinnulae	N;DAT;SG;latin
semimarinus	sēmimarīnī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
mimicus	mīmicum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
commictus	commictam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
oxoniensis	oxoniēnsia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
lecticarius	lectīcāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
reageo	reageō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
imperitus	imperītī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
obambulo	obambulāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
subterseco	subtersecābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
afroasiaticus	afroasiaticī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
cognitio	cognitiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
evello	ēvellit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
talampayensis	talampayensia	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
genuinus	genuīnīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
ranunculus	rānunculī	N;GEN;SG;latin
innuo	innuerītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
pelvis	pelve	N;ABL;SG;latin
praetento	praetentāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
notorius	nōtōria	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
indormio	indormīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
annutrio	annūtriēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
gravito	gravitāveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
inflammo	īnflammārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
oscoumbricus	oscoumbrica	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
trunculatus	trunculata	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
transcribo	trānscrībitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
macero	mācerāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
disiunctivus	disiunctīvōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
galeatus	galeātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
mespilum	mespila	N;ACC;PL;latin
divergeo	divergērēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
transfigo	trānsfīgerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
prorumpo	prōrūperint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
infusco	īnfuscābāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
exagito	exagitārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
convictio	convīctiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
adjunctivus	adjunctīvum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
maceo	maceātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
aenitologium	aenitologiōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
saburro	saburrābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
vimineus	vīmineum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
iaculatrix	iaculātrīcēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
auditio	audītiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
obtusifolius	obtusifolie	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
eupetalos	eupetalō	N;ABL;SG;latin
incommodissimus	incommodissimārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
destructivus	dēstructīvā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
rator	ratōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Saturnus	Sāturnīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
floridulus	flōridula	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
zanga	zangīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
velo	vēlābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
percalefacio	percalefīēbant	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
impersonalis	impersōnāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
velocitas	vēlōcitātem	N;ACC;SG;latin
plagula	plagulīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
adsigno	adsignāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
consignatio	cōnsignātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
baroptenus	baroptenī	N;NOM;PL;latin
obstringo	obstrinxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
nitibundus	nītibundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
annualis	annuālium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
intondeo	intondistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
fuscipennis	fuscipennēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ficarius	fīcāriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
pervalidus	pervalida	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
decoratio	decoratiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
succulentus	succulenta	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
phantasicus	phantasicum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
centuplus	centūpla	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
annulicornis	annulicorne	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
praecludo	praeclūdimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
inconspicuus	inconspicuā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
perfunctorius	perfunctōriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
adsimulo	adsimulārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
obtusus	obtūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
nitidissimus	nitidissimīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
anjerensis	anjerensibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
abolefacio	abolēfīat	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
inaquosus	inaquōsārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
approno	apprōnābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
absolutorius	absolūtōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
oklahomensis	oklahomensī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
pedunculus	pedunculī	N;GEN;SG;latin
adtentus	adtentae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
prospecto	prospectārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
bibliothecarius	bibliothēcāriī	N;NOM;PL;latin
defessus	dēfessīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
integrifolius	integrifolia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
proveho	prōvexerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
facesso	facessimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
commanduco	commandūcāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
purpuratus	purpurātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
subtilitas	subtīlitātum	N;GEN;PL;latin
volturius	volturiī	N;VOC;PL;latin
minatorius	minātōriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
extrudo	extrūserit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;PRF;latin
vivifico	vīvificantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
dimitto	dīmīsērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
duellicus	duellicō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
nefarius	nefāriam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
conpectum	conpectum	N;ACC;SG;latin
inputo	inputāre	V;NFIN;latin
supradico	suprādīcuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
accendo	accenditur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
sevoco	sēvocāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
conloco	conlocā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
jaculatorius	jaculātōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
constupro	constuprāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
factiosus	factiōsō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
subplico	subplicābāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
exsanguis	exsanguī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
sulcirostris	sulcirostria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
contexo	contexitor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
registrum	registrō	N;ABL;SG;latin
infreno	īnfrēnātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
danisticus	danistīce	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
vestimentum	vestīmentum	N;NOM;SG;latin
inmisceo	inmiscēbiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
adnuntio	adnūntiābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
animadverto	animadvertuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
adcelero	adcelerēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
condecerno	condēcernēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ejicio	ējiceret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
emolumentum	ēmolumentum	N;ACC;SG;latin
septangulus	septangulās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
noscito	nōscitārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
coarguo	coarguēmus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
suffulcio	suffulcīmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
pisto	pistāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
allecto	allectāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
dinosco	dīnoscāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
petitor	petītōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
vagabundus	vagābundum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
exsupero	exsuperārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
trochoideus	trochoideīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
longicaudus	longicauda	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
deminuo	dēminuī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
subdivido	subdīvīserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
surrogo	surrogārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
semimadidus	sēmimadidīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
demergo	dēmergerēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
extispicium	extispicia	N;VOC;PL;latin
talarius	tālāriō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
trimus	trīmōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
cuncto	cunctō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
obiectio	obiectiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
alatus	ālātō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
impinguo	impinguārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
oecologia	oecologiīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
peninsularis	pēninsulāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
farcio	farciētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
fulmino	fulminem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
theca	thēca	N;NOM;SG;latin
opertorium	opertōriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
supercerto	supercertāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
apsorbeo	apsorbētis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
celeuma	celeuma	N;ACC;SG;latin
testatior	testātiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
dimidius	dīmidia	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
lithuanicus	lithuanicum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ancora	ancorīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
aegrotus	aegrōta	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
injungo	injungere	V;NFIN;latin
obstringo	obstringet	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
formosanus	formosanus	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
seditiosissimus	sēditiōsissimō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
anapaestus	anapaesta	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
fertilis	fertilēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
triandrus	triandrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
valentianus	valentianī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
hodiernus	hodiernī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
conoideus	cōnoideīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
dulcifer	dulciferī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
mediterraneus	mediterrāneō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
surrumpo	surrūpisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
fluxior	fluxiōre	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
nana	nāna	N;VOC;SG;latin
adtraho	adtraherēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
bipalmus	bipalmī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
jentaculum	jēntāculōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
artemon	artemōnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
reinvito	reinvītābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
suspiciosus	suspiciosae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
gratifico	grātificāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
wallicus	wallica	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
deiero	dēierābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
havanensis	havanensēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
comprobo	comprobāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
accommodatissimus	accommodātissimum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
subscribo	subscrībar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
epops	epopēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
reprimo	reprimēbās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
permadefacio	permadefēcerat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
galaticus	galaticī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
aequilavium	aequilaviīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
argentifolius	argentifolius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
scoria	scōriīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
anularius	ānulāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
abligurrio	abligūrriantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
muticus	muticōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
veneticus	veneticīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
projicio	prōjiciāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
promulgo	prōmulgāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
caprinus	caprīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ballistarius	ballistāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
subintro	subintrārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
contristo	contristābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
aculeolatus	aculeolata	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
obsolesco	obsolēscerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
provolo	prōvolābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
pestibilis	pestibilium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ovinus	ovīnī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
satsumensis	satsumense	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
cultissimus	cultissimā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
acclaro	acclārārer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
denoto	dēnotāre	V;NFIN;latin
efflagito	efflāgitārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ingenero	ingenerārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
obtundo	obtuderīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
perpendicularis	perpendiculāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
saburro	saburrāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
perluo	perluerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
aucto	auctābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
impollutus	impollūtam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
chirurgius	chīrurgie	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
maltho	malthābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
luno	lūnābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
instauro	īnstaurāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
tremefacio	tremefacimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
truculentus	truculentam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
praemunio	praemūniāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
suffrago	suffrāgāre	V;NFIN;latin
vinolentus	vīnolentōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
conlaudo	conlaudātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
coambulo	coambulāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
inunguo	inunxerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
urealyticus	urealyticā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
avoco	āvocantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
interseco	intersecunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
dirumpo	dīrumpēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
regeneratio	regenerātiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
vaccula	vacculīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ultimo	ultimet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
nefastus	nefāstum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
asso	assāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
adplumbo	adplumbābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
magnicristatus	magnicristatōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
moralitas	mōrālitātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
occupatissimus	occupātissimōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
proveho	prōvehentur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
adclino	adclīnor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
ingenero	ingenerāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
comprobator	comprobātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
noscito	nōscitāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
emundo	ēmundēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
coincido	coincīdistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
appretio	appretiāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
liricen	liricinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
acia	aciīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
impudentior	impudentius	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
pulcher	pulchrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
cubiculum	cubiculīs	N;GEN;PL;latin
exardeo	exarsissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
gracilentus	gracilentī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
triplico	trīplicāre	V;NFIN;latin
pampineus	pampineae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
amatrix	amātrīcis	N;GEN;SG;latin
consecro	cōnsecrāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
jacio	jēcerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
echinatus	echinātī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
amentissimus	āmentissimō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
scythicus	scythicī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
deploro	dēplōrābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
remotior	remōtiōrēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
torculo	torculārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
erysithales	erysithalem	N;ACC;SG;latin
retrospicio	retrōspiciēbam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
libamen	lībāmen	N;ACC;SG;latin
ananassus	ananassās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
nubivagus	nūbivagī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
liniger	līnigera	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
trisetus	trisētum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
boarius	boāriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
conspicillatus	conspicillātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ablaqueo	ablaqueārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
Cajetanus	Cājētānās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
inconfusus	incōnfūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
superimpendo	superimpendēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
parturio	parturiēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
optimus	optimīs	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
zootrophion	zootrophion	N;NOM;SG;latin
atrioventricularis	atrioventriculāria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
conquasso	conquassārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
carcinophagus	carcinophagī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
coherceo	cohercuimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
locupletissimus	locuplētissimī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
cornicen	cornicinibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
crebritudo	crēbritūdine	N;ABL;SG;latin
interjungo	interjungēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
circueo	circuīrēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
cognomino	cognōmināberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
subverso	subversāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
assumo	assūmēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
factiosus	factiōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
elaboro	ēlabōrābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
conlido	conlīde	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
adspergo	adspergerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
nonnullus	nōnnūlle	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
explicatio	explicātiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
digitifer	digitiferō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
lenior	lēnius	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
gluttio	gluttītō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
chaldaeicus	chaldaeicīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
anhelo	anhēlāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
orthogonius	orthogōnium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
commonefacio	commonefīs	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
nemorivagus	nemorivagōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
pandia	pandīa	N;VOC;SG;latin
exsurgo	exsurgēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
relevo	relevābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
recurvo	recurvāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
expergo	expergitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
attributrix	attribūtrīcum	N;GEN;PL;latin
illatio	illātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
expiatio	expiātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
anniversarius	anniversāriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ducenarius	ducēnāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
arabicus	arabicōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
luctuosus	luctuōsīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ignio	igniunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
rutilo	rutilābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
suffulcio	suffulciātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
serbocroaticus	serbocroaticī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
praetondeo	praetondēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
desiccatio	dēsiccātiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
petraeus	petraea	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
succenseo	succēnsēbunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
floccosus	floccosās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
exscribo	exscrīpsistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
conporto	conportāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
oscito	oscitābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
suppedito	suppeditāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
enumero	ēnumerāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
degluttio	dēgluttiēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
restauro	rēstaurō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
cotho	cōthōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
inlecebra	inlecebrārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
conseco	cōnsecārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
adrideo	adrīdear	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
liberalior	līberāliōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
obiurgo	obiūrgārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
Venerivagus	Venerivagās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
melliger	melligerās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
pabo	pabōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
Scotus	Scōtō	N;DAT;SG;latin
loquacissimus	loquācissimum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
imaginosus	imāginōsa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ridiculus	rīdiculī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
propono	prōpōnerem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
desaevio	dēsaevītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
abolefacio	abolēfaciētis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
pretio	pretiem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
appellator	appellātōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
pisto	pistāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
defaeco	dēfaecāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
glutamicus	glutamicās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
internosco	internoscerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
thyrsiger	thyrsigerum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
cretaceus	crētāceae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
interritus	interritam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
anteeo	anteeuntō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
arfacio	arfīēbās	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
unguiculatus	unguiculātōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
substruo	substruar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
benivolus	benivolum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
stygius	stygiō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
adlicio	adlicere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
adiectio	adiectiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
deformo	dēformābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
conjugium	conjugia	N;ACC;PL;latin
depango	dēpangimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ursinus	ursīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
inpendo	inpendāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
transfiguro	trānsfigūrārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
circumvolo	circumvolāberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
usurarius	ūsūrāria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
obambulo	obambulārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
provocatio	prōvocātiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
scapularus	scapulārum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
vito	vītāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
obsigno	obsignāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
impropero	improperāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
inpero	inperābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
perfoveo	perfoveāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ambages	ambāgēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
invigilo	invigilātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
vivificatio	vīvificātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
plumeus	plūmea	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
prospecto	prospectātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
accerso	accersiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
concerto	concertābor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
vermiculatus	vermiculātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
altissimus	altissima	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
globus	globe	N;VOC;SG;latin
iurgo	iūrgēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
inopportunus	inopportūnīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
affectionatus	affectionatus	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
marisca	mariscīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
deripio	dēripuissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
mentula	mentulae	N;NOM;PL;latin
decuriatio	decuriātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
applaudo	applaudam	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
arpitanicus	arpitanicī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
defundo	dēfūderītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
tomus	tomō	N;ABL;SG;latin
disparo	disparāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
libo	lībāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
opinio	opīniōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
adpugno	adpugnārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
depreco	dēprecem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
conlaudo	conlaudāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
fastigo	fastīgāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
dissilio	dissiluissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
porphirio	porphiriōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
vastitas	vastitātēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
semiustilo	sēmiustilāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ignio	ignīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
vigilia	vigilia	N;VOC;SG;latin
typologicus	typologicum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
volaticus	volāticā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ortygometra	ortygomētrārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
oblitero	obliterātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
recubo	recubant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
persulcatus	persulcatam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
consarrio	cōnsarrīrēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
sabrinus	sabrinī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
caerulus	caerulī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
rapum	rāpī	N;GEN;SG;latin
trucido	trucīdantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
fidelitas	fidēlitātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
levicollis	levicollis	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
calcio	calciābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
abjugo	abjugāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
tinguo	tinxeris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
chlamydatus	chlamydātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
lucidissimus	lūcidissimīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
laureatus	laureāta	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
adunatio	adūnātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
clavellatus	clavellata	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
austerus	austēram	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
circumrado	circumrādāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
epitomo	epitomābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
jeffersonianus	jeffersoniana	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
insidiosior	īnsidiōsiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
consaepio	cōnsaepsit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
deliberator	dēlīberātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
adsto	adsteterant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
actito	āctitābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
discepto	disceptābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
crocio	crociēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
operculum	operculō	N;DAT;SG;latin
mendicus	mendīcō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
malleo	malleāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
adripio	adripere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
adpropio	adpropiāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
adamplio	adampliāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
obliquus	oblīquīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
quaerito	quaeritāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
negligo	neglixerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
tegumen	tegumina	N;ACC;PL;latin
expurgo	expurgāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
attero	atterimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
testudineus	testūdineā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
provocativus	prōvocātīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
perspicio	perspeximus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
fideiubeo	fidēiusseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
conecto	cōnexuerant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
praerogatio	praerogātiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
meridio	merīdiābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
adulescentulus	adulescentulīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
everro	ēverrērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
allaudo	allaudet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
compitalium	compitālium	N;VOC;SG;latin
insepultus	īnsepultō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
amaritudo	amāritūdinī	N;DAT;SG;latin
valefacio	valefēcerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
linguosus	linguōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
laborifer	labōrifera	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
parsimonia	parsimōniae	N;DAT;SG;latin
inconiugus	inconiugum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
elimo	ēlīmāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
sufflavus	sufflāvī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
catechizo	catēchīzābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
amissio	āmissiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
assuetudo	assuētūdinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
mweruensis	mweruensī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
flavicaudus	flavicaudum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
adpropero	adproperāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
celator	cēlātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
palmiger	palmigera	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
suppingo	suppingās	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
testeus	testeā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
adfligo	adflīxit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
mammilla	mammillīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
averto	āvertēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
torquis	torquī	N;DAT;SG;latin
nutabundus	nūtābunda	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
submurmuro	submurmurāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
vasculum	vāsculōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
iactanticulus	iactanticulō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
praeopto	praeoptā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
masculetum	masculētī	N;GEN;SG;latin
dispergo	disperserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ventralis	ventrālēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
insulto	īnsultem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
rheumaticus	rheumaticō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
perfidiosior	perfidiōsiōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
felicissimus	fēlīcissimī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
bijugatus	bijugātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
discurro	discurrat	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
corporo	corporārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
pudibundus	pudibundōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
obdormio	obdormīret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
veneno	venēnāre	V;NFIN;latin
gallicus	gallicās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
commensurabilis	commēnsūrābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
arcesso	arcessīverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
exsulo	exsulāverant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
suffoco	suffōcāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
astus	astūs	N;VOC;PL;latin
postorbitalis	postorbitalēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
dissupo	dissupantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
bellifer	belliferō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
canariensis	canariense	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
effleo	effleō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
somniculosus	somniculōsīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
thymiamaterium	thȳmiāmatēriīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
honorabilis	honōrābilī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
convulnero	cōnvulnerābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
pudicissimus	pudīcissimum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
vacivus	vacīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
depso	depsēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
frendo	frendātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
didragma	dīdrāgmae	N;NOM;PL;latin
adfundo	adfundāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
dominantia	dominantiae	N;VOC;PL;latin
cænulentus	cænulentum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
maligno	malignāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
suffoco	suffōcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
constantissimus	cōnstāntissimō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
tango	tangis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
suffulcio	suffulciuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
tranquillo	tranquillant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
sedo	sēdāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
cubitalis	cubitāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
annotinus	annōtina	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deludo	delūdiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
effreno	effrēnāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
amicabilis	amīcābile	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
deeo	deīris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
flexilis	flexilem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
contentior	contentius	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
incurvo	incurvābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
cohabito	cohabitāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
sophus	sophō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
chalo	chalārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
prehensio	prehensiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
annonarius	annōnāriō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
subvento	subventāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ostrearius	ostreārius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
liliaceus	līliaceum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
copulatio	cōpulātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
lucubratiuncula	lūcubrātiunculīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
reptabundus	reptābundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
commando	commande	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
alpestris	alpēstris	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
gubernabilis	gubernābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
converto	convertor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
imito	imitāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
superextendo	superextendātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
tridactylus	tridactylum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
rectilineus	rectilineō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
dulciarius	dulciāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
adstipulator	adstipulātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
comperio	comperiēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
deambulo	deambulārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
insulsus	īnsulsum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
semiticus	semiticō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
rubefacio	rubefēcissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
arcessio	arcessītur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ebeninus	ebeninum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
vestibularis	vestibularī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
conchyliatus	conchȳliātae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
inclarus	inclārae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
decoco	dēcocēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
consatio	cōnsatiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
surrumpo	surrumpēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
caepe	caepis	N;GEN;SG;latin
praesumo	praesūmuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
exaudio	exaudīverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
daemonicus	daemonicam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
xerocollyrium	xērocollȳriī	N;GEN;SG;latin
corvinus	corvīnum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
confuto	cōnfūtārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
cervinus	cervīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
epidermis	epidermis	N;NOM;SG;latin
lineus	līneōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
locito	locitent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
oboeditio	oboedītiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
saxicolus	saxicolā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
libo	lībābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
suburo	subūritis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
rufus	rūfum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
circulator	circulātor	N;NOM;SG;latin
diiudico	dīiūdicārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
celeberrimus	celeberrimī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
supputo	supputāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
rectitator	rectitātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
scaturio	scatūriēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
obambulo	obambulābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
persto	perstābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
conquasso	conquassābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
pastino	pastinārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
appropero	approperāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
expalpo	expalpāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
affirmativus	affirmātīvum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
labosus	labōsō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
silvosus	silvōsī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
purpuro	purpurāveris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
inermus	inermō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
inactivus	inactīvum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
porcinus	porcīnī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
seminiger	seminigrae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
excudo	excūdantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
superdico	superdīxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
alatus	ālātō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
congruentior	congruēntiōrem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
depereo	dēperīre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
alterno	alternēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
praetorius	praetōriōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
convomo	convomēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
triumphator	triumphātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
exspiro	exspīrāvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
vaco	vacāre	V;NFIN;latin
fuco	fūcārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
alacritas	alacritās	N;NOM;SG;latin
persto	perstāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
interlino	interlinunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
parturio	parturīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
purpuro	purpurāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
castifico	castificāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
conscendo	cōnscende	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
munio	mūniāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
abigeus	abigeō	N;DAT;SG;latin
dinumero	dīnumerābās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
excavo	excavāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
adorno	adōrnāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
blanditia	blanditiae	N;NOM;PL;latin
macies	maciēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
tripertitus	tripertītā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
curiatus	cūriātīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
incanus	incānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
symposium	symposium	N;VOC;SG;latin
depromo	dēprōmēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
