adelantar	adelantada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
desperdiciar	desperdiciaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
desmitificar	desmitifiquemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
encausar	encausadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
apesadumbrar	apesadumbraren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
alfabetizar	alfabetizaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
estabular	estabulando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
restregar	restregarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
menear	menearán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
solventar	solventamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
razonar	razonara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
intrusar	intruse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
herrar	hierran	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
tumultuar	tumultuara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
cobijar	cobijemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
enloquecerse	te enloqueciste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
fuñir	fuñese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
clorinar	cloriné	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
runrunear	runruneó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
administrar	administres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
producir	no produzcas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
gratinar	gratinaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
tañer	no taña	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
argumentar	argumentase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
sumergir	sumerjamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
catapultar	catapultabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
profesar	profesamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
descodificar	descodificaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
proseguir	prosiguieren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
amalgamar	amalgamáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
añorar	no añoren	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
permeabilizar	permeabilizáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
reconvenir	reconvendremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
entusiasmar	entusiasmásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ambicionar	ambicionasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
flechar	flechadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
guerrear	guerreadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
postergar	posterguemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
sobrepasar	sobrepasaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
releer	releyésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
magullar	magullen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
repostar	repostando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
meteorizar	meteorizases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
insertar	inserto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
intubar	intubare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
confligir	confligir	V;NFIN;spanish
contagiar	contagiare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
reportear	reporteáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
declamar	declamemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
preludiar	preludiásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
arrebolarse	me arrebolé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
condecir	condecís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
clonar	clonara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
reconducir	reconduzca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
propinar	propine	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
reelaborar	reelaborarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
xerocopiar	xerocopias	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
beber	bebisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
convivir	conviva	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
desesperar	desesperaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
capear	capeáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
compartimentar	compartimentarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
aquilatar	aquilatare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
barbarizar	barbarizaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
taquillar	taquillaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desmadejar	desmadejen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
formalizar	formalizar	V;NFIN;spanish
exasperar	no exasperéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
apersonarse	me apersone	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
globalizar	globalizo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
deferir	deferidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
segundar	segundabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
cabrahigar	cabrahigando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
garantir	garantamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
debutar	no debutemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
disputar	no disputes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
compactar	compactaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
lastimarse	lastímense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
desvalorizar	desvalorizo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
irritar	no irrite	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
abemolar	abemole	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
batear	batearais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
revisionar	revisionabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
responsabilizar	responsabilizarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
decolorar	decoloradas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
colocar	colocaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
relinchar	relincharé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
reencarnar	reencarnemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
declinar	declinas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
enrumbar	enrumbaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
rumiar	rumiados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
mancomunar	mancomunaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
apostillar	apostillareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
socavar	socavemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
enconchar	enconcharíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
apechugar	apechugadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
destrabar	no destrabe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
colorear	coloreáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
solventar	solventaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
glasear	glaseara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
deferir	deferías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
hiperventilar	hiperventilamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
amarillear	amarilleaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
acordonar	acordonemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
anestesiar	anestesiabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
enlucir	enluciera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
escalonar	escalonamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
odiar	odiadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
acuatizar	no acuaticéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
autografiar	autografiaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
escoplear	no escopleemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
notificar	notificábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
conformar	conformabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
permanecer	permanecí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
indiciar	no indicie	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
clausurar	clausuré	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ocultar	ocultare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
frasear	frasean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
sancionar	no sancione	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
costear	costeéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
encajonar	encajonare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
descomedir	descomidamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
preguntarse	me preguntaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
acuatizar	acuatizas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
encular	enculare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
sobreactuar	no sobreactuemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
marcar	marcaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
descarriar	no descarriemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
viciar	viciáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
sembrar	sembrares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
sintetizar	sintetizareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
desfilar	desfilado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
remachar	remache	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
sobredimensionar	sobredimensionaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
confundir	confundiésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
pulsear	pulseásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
entremezclar	entremezclemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
aguijonear	aguijonear	V;NFIN;spanish
realimentar	realimentada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
anisar	anisen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
desatascar	desatascad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
reacondicionar	reacondicionada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
prostituir	prostituyen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
permeabilizar	no permeabilicemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
remitir	remitieseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
mentorizar	mentorizaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
cilindrar	cilindrara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
colegir	coligió	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
mangar	mangaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
angostar	angostarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
atenuar	atenuado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
solidarizar	solidarizado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
trasmutar	trasmutases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
victimizar	victimiza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
rediseñar	rediseñad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
deshebrar	no deshebréis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
resolver	resolviesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
deslucir	deslucirán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
avecinar	avecinaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
farfullar	farfullar	V;NFIN;spanish
machetear	machetearan	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
inspeccionar	inspeccionando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
entumecer	entumecisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
exigir	exigía	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
laminar	laminase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
reprehender	reprehendería	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
graficar	no grafique	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
reivindicar	reivindiquéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
cascar	cascaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
prensar	prense	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
occidentalizar	occidentalizare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
instalar	instalando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
decodificar	decodificaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
porfiar	porfiáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
trampear	trampearás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
frasear	no frasees	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
enfermar	enferme	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
revolotear	revolotearás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
escandir	escandiere	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
validar	validasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
penetrar	penetráis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
carpir	carpimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
aterrizar	aterrizamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
meteorizar	meteorizase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
amarrar	amarrará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
mezclar	mezclaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
declinar	declináremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
defenestrar	defenestrareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
licitar	licitado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
exteriorizar	exteriorizare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
mimir	no mimamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
superponer	superpondrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
mayar	mayad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
sobrealimentar	sobrealimentada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
taclear	tacleábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
denostar	denueste	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
reñir	riñeran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
deletrear	deletreando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
enmugrar	no enmugremos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
sobreentender	sobreentendierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
escarbar	escarbare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
mercadear	mercadearas	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
encallecer	encalleciera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
liar	liaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ajardinar	ajardinásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
gatear	gatearías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
privar	privaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
mencionar	mencionaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
desendeudar	desendeudaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
engrillar	engrille	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ganguear	gangueáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
dispersar	dispersaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
sesear	seseabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
resollar	resolladas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
detectar	detectaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
susurrar	susurró	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
alunizar	alunizó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
convalecer	convaleciera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desheredar	desheredan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
vapulear	vapuleados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
chapurrear	chapurread	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
horadar	horadaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
acartonar	acartonara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desaliñar	desaliñábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
mercar	mercases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
freír	freí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
acaecer	acaecemos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
encarnar	encarnaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
desvainar	desvainen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
mendigar	mendiga	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
demodular	demodulado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
combinar	combinadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
reajustar	reajustara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
presurizar	presurizará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
zanganear	zanganeé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
arramblar	arramblaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
preparar	prepararais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
rezongar	rezongad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
desosar	desosaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
disparar	disparaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
franquiciar	franquiciara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
escarnecer	escarnece	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
nidificar	nidifiquen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
empacar	empacarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
enmascarar	enmascararían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
saciar	saciaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
pelechar	pelecho	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
tutear	tuteare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
particularizar	particularizábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
desovar	desovemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
jerarquizar	jerarquicen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
escampar	escamparía	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
envalentonar	envalentonéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
acartonarse	te acartonares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
levigar	levigaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
informarse	os informaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
mazar	mazáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
aguijar	aguijéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
desanimar	desanimaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
desafinar	desafine	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
magnificar	magnificara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ruralizar	ruralizaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
entreverar	entreverar	V;NFIN;spanish
sedar	sedareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
desaparecer	desaparecéis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
contraindicar	contraindicad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
prepintar	prepintan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
independizar	independizaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
quitar	quitaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
marcar	marcar	V;NFIN;spanish
formatear	formateáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
estañar	estañemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
airar	aíren	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
asestar	asieste	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
enarbolar	enarbolamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ruralizar	ruralizaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
abatojar	abatojaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
comprobar	comprobase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
perturbar	perturbarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
modular	modulásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
contundir	contundes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ennoblecer	ennoblecíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
sobrevenir	sobreviniereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
comadrear	comadrean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
cocear	coceará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
robar	robaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
cotorrear	cotorrease	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
suscribir	suscribirías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
hackear	hackeábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
situarse	situándose	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
fraccionar	fracciona	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
loar	loemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
rebatir	rebatieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
someter	sometería	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
aluzar	aluzara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
anhelar	anheló	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
henchir	hinchiese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ridiculizar	ridiculice	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
abrazar	abrazaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
encomiar	encomiando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
perfumar	perfumaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
expandir	expandirían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ambicionar	ambicionen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
helenizar	helenizar	V;NFIN;spanish
datar	datares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
aguar	aguaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
reformatear	reformateamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
desaliñar	desaliñarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
enfermar	enfermaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
acordarse	nos acordemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
vulcanizar	vulcanicen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ahitar	no ahitéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
habituar	habituásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
postergar	postergares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
descollar	descuellas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
rusificar	rusificarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
oír	oyese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
extasiar	no extasíes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
contar	contamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
amasijar	amasijaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
selfiar	selfias	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
endiosar	endiosarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
trasfigurar	trasfiguro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
parangonar	parangonamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
aferrar	aferradas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
abofetear	abofeteemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
apostillar	apostillo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
congeniar	congeniando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
jaspear	jaspee	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
alquilar	alquiló	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
filmar	no filmemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
hidratar	no hidraten	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
repicar	repiquéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
encasquetar	encasquetasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
resecar	no resequen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
enhilar	enhilaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
descalificar	descalificar	V;NFIN;spanish
jaquir	jaquiríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
morir	no muráis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ojear	no ojeéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
aguantar	aguantaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
pesquisar	pesquisábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
roncar	ronquen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
apurar	no apuren	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
socavar	socavaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
embellecer	embelleciere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
aproximar	aproxime	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
mayar	mayemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
aventar	aventara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
halagar	halagaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
mulcer	mulciereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
persuadir	persuadieseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
acordar	no acuerde	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
farrear	farrea	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
esquilar	esquilaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
repantigarse	nos repantigamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
catar	cataron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
parchar	parchasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
cambiar	cambiáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
desendeudar	desendeudo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
elevar	elevases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
empaquetar	no empaquetes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
apelotonar	apelotonada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
verter	vertieran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
abogar	no aboguéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
nixtamalizar	nixtamalicemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
desbarrancar	desbarrancaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
naturalizar	naturalizando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
trasnochar	trasnocharás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ominar	ominaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
banderillear	banderillearemos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
instar	instases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
descubrir	descubriésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
desalinizar	desalinizabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ionizar	ionicen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
acunar	acunasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
prendar	prendes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
impender	impendiendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
abatanar	abatanaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
herrumbrar	herrumbran	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
baquiar	baquíen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
desalinizar	desaliniza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
trascender	trascendiese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
engrandecer	engrandeciésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
denunciar	denunciáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
tapar	taparais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
moler	no muelas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
cohechar	cohechad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
escarificar	escarificase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
basar	basará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
computar	computemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
endilgar	endilgare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
prestigiar	prestigien	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
sojuzgar	sojuzgar	V;NFIN;spanish
pivotar	pivotarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
acolchar	acolcharía	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ensalzar	ensalzaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
borbotear	borboteásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
saltear	salteen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
preñar	preñabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
especificar	especificaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
apaciguar	apaciguaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
propagar	propagarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
autofinanciarse	autofinanciándose	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
abrasar	abrasáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
calabriar	calabriara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
aglomerar	aglomerarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
activar	activa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
escarificar	escarificaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
precintar	precintado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
establecer	estableceremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pelotear	pelotear	V;NFIN;spanish
orillar	orillados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
enfadar	enfadé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
pecar	pecaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
verberar	verberé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
hurgar	hurgares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
anonadar	anonadábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
desclavar	desclave	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
llamar	me llamo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
chismorrear	chismorreaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
gelificarse	os gelificáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
actualizar	actualicé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
envainar	envainar	V;NFIN;spanish
atesar	atesásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
gobernar	gobiernes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
recrudecer	no recrudezca	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
armonizar	no armonices	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
tentar	tentase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
triangular	no triangulemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
recular	reculaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
destilar	no destilen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
resintonizar	resintonicé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
recuadrar	recuadró	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
reforzar	reforzare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
beneficiar	beneficiemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
verificar	verificaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
estarcir	estarciere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
autografiar	autografiaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
dimisionar	dimisionaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desentrañar	desentrañaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
asignar	asignas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
endulzar	endulcemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
entremezclar	no entremezcléis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
relucir	relucirá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
reconvenir	reconvendréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
abombarse	se abomban	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
robotizar	no robotices	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
emocionar	emocionase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
borbotear	borbotea	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
jinetear	jinetearían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
funcionar	funcionen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
recluir	recluidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
revesar	revesáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
conducir	conduzca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
laudar	no lauden	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
desprecintar	desprecinte	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
pasterizar	pasterizarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
magullar	magullamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
informarse	infórmese	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
embanderar	no embanderes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
broncear	bronceando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
realizar	realizaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
respirar	respiraron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
registrar	registré	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
macollar	macollamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
destrabar	destrabarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
adyacer	adyacerá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
hipotecar	hipoteque	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
pivotar	pivotarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
carnavalear	carnavaleaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
fenecer	feneciendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
idolatrar	idolatrar	V;NFIN;spanish
cohibir	cohibiera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
comprender	comprenderás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
incautar	no incautes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
procesionar	procesionasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
suprimir	suprimida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
digitar	digitadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
rebanar	rebanamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
mentalizar	mentalizaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
encasillar	encasilléis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
destripar	destripamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
odiar	odiarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
apaciguar	apaciguaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
malfuncionar	malfuncionad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
piar	piadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
sabotear	saboteaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
gatillar	gatillabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
aplomar	aplomando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
variar	varía	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
tonsurar	tonsurara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
estancarse	me estancaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
aguijonear	aguijonearía	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
espetar	espetado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
considerar	consideraras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
agregar	agregara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
corroer	corroería	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
intentar	intentáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
embobar	embobemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
escanear	escaneaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
acojonarse	se acojonará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
entreoír	entreoirían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
decelerar	decelerásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
disculpar	disculpareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
retractar	retractas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
contrastar	contrastara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
resincronizar	resincronicé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
accesar	accesarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
implantarse	me implanté	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
acetificar	acetificaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
simplificar	simplificasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
nitrificar	nitrificamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
luchar	luche	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
turnar	turnareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
clicar	clicaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
influenciar	influenciareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
incursionar	incursionaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
chorrear	chorreen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
envergonzar	envergonzabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
embelesar	no embelesen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
roturar	roture	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
afrontar	afrontarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
corretear	correteaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
enfermarse	no se enferme	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
acidular	aciduláramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
magullar	magulla	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
vulcanizar	vulcanizar	V;NFIN;spanish
latir	latirá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
incriminar	incriminaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
traficar	traficarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
quemar	no queme	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
acodarse	nos acodemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
reimpulsar	reimpulsan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
mapear	mapeada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
bruñir	bruñésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
pelear	peleáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
simplificar	simplificaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
engullir	engullendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
gestar	gestados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
resquebrajar	resquebrajara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
refregar	refregáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
arbitrar	arbitre	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
usar	usarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
celar	celasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
preparar	prepararán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
abaluartar	abaluartadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
coquetear	coqueteo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
malear	malease	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
taconear	taconeabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
taxiar	taxiarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
restar	restara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
pesar	pesase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ingerir	ingerís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ministerializar	ministerialicemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
suscribir	suscribiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ensanchar	ensancharéis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
apretujar	apretujasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
desendeudar	desendeudaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
agüitarse	os agüitéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
trasladar	trasladad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
secundar	secundad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
likear	likeéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
sanitizar	sanitizaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
boletear	boletearais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
numerar	numeren	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
cercenar	cercenare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
reequilibrar	no reequilibremos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ensartar	no ensartéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
afrancesar	afrancesamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
freír	friéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
limosnear	limosneares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
cotejar	no coteje	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
disipar	disipa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
abstenerse	os abstenéis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
rentar	rentan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
insuflar	insuflaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
afectar	afectarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
enhebrar	enhebre	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
lentificar	lentificarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
amañar	amañe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
insidiar	insidiarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
tutelar	tutelabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
tapiar	tapiaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
revolver	revuelva	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
atardecer	atardeciere	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
resincronizar	resincronizaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
desmembrar	desmembrara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ahuecar	ahuecaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
reafirmar	reafirmes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
sofreír	sofreiremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
teorizar	teorizare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
macollar	macollarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
agigantar	agigantemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
aporrear	aporreaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
reurbanizar	reurbanizarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
cansar	cansado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
disentir	disentiremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
atarear	atareó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
apaciguar	apacigüe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
desistir	desistidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
respetar	respetabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
reconsiderar	reconsideraban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
voltear	voltean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
vomitar	vomitas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
tabletear	tableteando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
reflotar	reflotare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
reconocer	reconozca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
copatrocinar	copatrocinasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
concitar	concitaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
reafirmar	reafirmábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
vivar	no vive	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
propagar	propagados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
amoblar	no amueble	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
autoevacuarse	os autoevacuéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
atisbar	atisbamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
gorronear	gorronearon	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
desairar	desairáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
flagelar	flagelase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
desenvolver	desenvolvieren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ramificar	ramifiquéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
embrujar	embrujaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ripostar	ripostabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
diagramar	diagraman	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
permear	permean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
judicializar	judicializa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
enmascarar	enmascarabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
padecer	padecidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
agujerear	agujereemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
calefaccionar	calefaccionando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
sobrevalorar	sobrevaloráis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
enlazar	enlazad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
vulcanizar	vulcanizara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desmadrar	desmadrasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
juzgar	juzgares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
difuminar	difuminen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
exir	exías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
atornillar	atornillaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
vestir	vestiríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
destetar	destetasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
garrapiñar	garrapiñas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
desaliñar	desaliñad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ultracentrifugar	ultracentrifugaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
devolver	devuelva	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
atrapar	atrapado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
aboyar	aboyare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
develar	develabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
curtir	curtieseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
desobstruir	desobstruida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
engañar	no engañemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
requebrar	requiebre	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
impagar	impagaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
enfadarse	me enfadara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ahuecar	ahuequen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
coprotagonizar	coprotagonicemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
colorar	coloráis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
achatar	achata	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
justificar	justificarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
poseer	poseímos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
improbar	improbaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
coleguear	colegueen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
chamuscar	chamuscare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
enmoquetar	enmoquetaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
aterrizar	aterrizare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
multiplicar	multiplicarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
encolar	encolase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
uncir	unciremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
quedar	quedado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
sobreponer	sobrepusiese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
reingresar	reingresasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
arrebujar	arrebujáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
zapar	zapó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
elidir	elidirían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
arengar	arengáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
desabejar	desabejaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
agenciar	agencia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
confrontar	confrontaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
aplicarse	nos aplicáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
aplomar	aploméis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
opugnar	opugno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
avellanar	no avellane	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
rentabilizar	rentabilizase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
bendecir	bendiciendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
condimentar	condimentando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ofrecer	ofrece	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
comprometer	comprometa	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
reevaluar	reevaluaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
garantizar	garantizáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
idolatrar	idolatrabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
redescubrir	no redescubráis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
tronchar	tronchaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
abochornar	abochornen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
jalonear	jalonease	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
castellanizar	no castellanice	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
marcharse	os marcharíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
penar	penaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
grabar	grabada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
fingir	fingirá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
preferir	prefieras	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
identificar	identificaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
serpentear	serpenteáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
hostigar	hostigáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
baldar	no baldéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
merodear	merodearíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ordenar	ordené	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
anonimizar	anonimizareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
tirotear	tirotearás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
totalizar	totalizare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
informatizar	informatizaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
enjuiciar	enjuiciemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
danzar	danzara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
atestiguar	atestiguabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
rematar	remata	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
rechinar	rechináramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
monitorizar	no monitoricéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
nublar	nublaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
prostituir	prostituyeseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
acortar	acortando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
aceptar	no acepten	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
nombrar	nombraren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
animalizar	animalizasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
enfadar	enfada	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
desnivelar	desnivele	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
cimbrar	cimbras	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
exigir	exigiese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
consignar	consignaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
engrillar	engrillaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
estabilizar	estabilicen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
aprontar	aprontarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
resolver	resolverías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
descoser	descosería	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
bostezar	bostezad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
reexpedir	reexpida	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
equivaler	equivalieren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
moldear	no moldeen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
desconvenir	no desconvengan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
traspapelar	traspapelaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
bizquear	bizqueéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
desplegar	desplieguen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
baldear	baldeaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
difuminar	difumina	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ensillar	ensillareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
afeminar	afeminarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
adinerar	adinerabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
desenchufar	desenchufó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
valer	valía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
desangrar	desangrará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
concadenar	concadenaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
envasar	envasara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
restregar	restregare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
abonarse	te abonares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
acomodarse	se acomodase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
sobrellenar	no sobrellenen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
repolitizar	taconéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
promulgar	promulgarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
degenerar	degenerareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
descabellar	descabellásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
derrocar	derrocadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
petear	petearán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
destartalar	destartalen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
especificar	especificados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
diagnosticar	diagnosticamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
enrumbar	no enrumbes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
abejonear	abejonearía	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
cabriolar	cabriolamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
escobar	escobáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
abrocharse	abrochándose	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
amonarse	os amonarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
chisparse	chispados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
copatrocinar	copatrocinaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
balancear	balancearía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
curar	curarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
agarrotar	no agarrotéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
concebir	conciba	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
bridar	bridaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
humedecer	humedeces	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
regodear	te regodees	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
indicar	indicamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ahijar	ahíjas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
expedir	expidiéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
baldar	baldaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
acuñar	acuñado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
sobreentender	sobreentended	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
descomulgar	descomulgarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
oír	oyeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
morir	moriríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
divorciarse	me divorciara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
guillotinar	guillotinaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
reencantar	reencantabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
novar	novéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
señalar	señalamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
volantear	volantee	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
yuxtaponer	yuxtaponíamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
democratizar	democratizaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
prevaricar	prevarique	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
desaprovechar	desaprovechara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
entresacar	entresacabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
hinchar	hinchando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
exigir	exigieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
calentar	calentaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
extremar	extremaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
instaurar	instauramos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
educir	edujerais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
achocolatar	achocolatarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
desamortizar	desamortice	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
proscribir	proscribiéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
catar	cataban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
sarmentar	sarmentaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
bombardear	bombardeo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
atañer	atañería	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
emunger	emunge	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
repavimentar	repavimenta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
enlenzar	enlenzases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ulcerar	ulceraseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
pesar	pesarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
embeber	embebieren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
destripar	destripásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
serpentear	serpenteareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
fugar	fugarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
medicalizar	medicalizáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
encadenar	encadenabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
enfrascarse	nos enfrascamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
mesarse	se mesarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
descontrolar	descontrolarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
trajinar	trajináremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
atragantar	atragantarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
facilitar	facilitarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
reasignar	reasignaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
bautizar	bautizaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
consensuar	consensúen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
lengüetear	lengüetea	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
recomendar	recomendó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
atribuir	atribuyáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
fiar	fiaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
infartarse	infártense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
vincular	vinculasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
equiparar	equipararan	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
explicitar	explicitad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
bracear	braceamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
mearse	me mee	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
reconquistar	reconquisten	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
aturar	no aturen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
concluir	concluyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
rechistar	rechistara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
normar	normen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
alcanzar	alcanza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
currar	curras	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
aporrear	aporrearíamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
abarcar	abarcasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
aturullar	aturullamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
sobrepasar	no sobrepase	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
pasarse	te pasarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
deflagrar	deflagraría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
subsidiar	subsidiaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
transportar	transporte	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
relanzar	relanzados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
reproducir	reprodujéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
peticionar	peticionas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
completar	completarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ondear	ondeamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
tender	tendamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
desinhibir	desinhibida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ufanarse	te ufanarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
reintroducir	reintroduce	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
accidentarse	se accidentó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ocupar	ocupadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
enconar	enconaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
empastar	empaste	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
reimpulsar	reimpulsaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
respaldar	respaldemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
morrear	morreara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
horrorizar	no horrorices	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
saponificar	saponificabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
corporizar	corporizados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
enlazar	enlazareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
aparecer	aparezcáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
topetar	topetase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
refanfinflar	refanfinflada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
azucarar	azucaren	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
abundar	abundaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
occidentalizar	occidentalice	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
paralelar	paralelábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
bufonear	bufoneabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
abatojar	abatojarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
encastrar	encastraréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
arruar	arruaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
emplazar	emplazan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
significar	significáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
suprimir	suprimirían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ahincar	ahincares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
bolear	boleé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
desocupar	desocupaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
repostar	repostare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
malversar	malversase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
numerar	numeramos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
tamborear	tamboreada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ionizar	ionizáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
reutilizar	reutilizaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
disgustar	disgustase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
delinquir	no delincas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
cariciar	cariciaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
bosquejar	bosquejase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
inclinarse	inclinados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
refacturar	refacturare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
equipar	equiparía	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
pecar	pecarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
desintoxicar	desintoxicados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
herrar	herraba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
sofreír	sofriereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
trabajar	trabajáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
engrapar	engrapa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
pretender	pretendas	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
petrificar	petrificabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
descontar	descontasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
constipar	constipemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
yuxtaponer	yuxtaponer	V;NFIN;spanish
resituar	resituarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
cuerpear	cuerpeabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
desabejar	desabejaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
remodelar	remodelaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
cercenar	cercenáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
recomprar	recompré	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
tonificar	tonificaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ratificar	ratificáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
conjeturar	conjeturáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
procesar	procesarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
falsear	falsee	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
avenir	avenís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
capitalizar	capitalicemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
abetunar	abetunadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
canear	caneaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
meritar	meritare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
despepitar	despepiten	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
reexpedir	reexpiden	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
reacondicionar	no reacondicione	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
vislumbrar	vislumbrarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
flechar	flechaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
innovar	innovasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
extenuar	extenuaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
banalizar	banalizaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
aprestarse	apréstate	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
malgastar	no malgastemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
menoscabar	menoscabaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
modelizar	modelizas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
monetarizar	monetarizarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
evidenciar	no evidencie	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
estimar	estimareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
refractar	refractaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
aborrecer	aborrecerán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
dispararse	me disparaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
complementar	complementaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
charlar	charlarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
deshabilitar	deshabilitada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
desenvolver	desenvuelta	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
cuadricular	cuadricularas	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
honorar	honorabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
recalcar	recalcaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
tenderse	tendida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
recomenzar	recomenzaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
refregar	refregados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
desbravar	desbravare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
cobrar	cobramos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
considerar	considerad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
impetrar	impetraba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
falsificar	falsificará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
anhelar	anhelases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
repugnar	repugnaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
cloquear	cloqueara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
validar	validamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
arrasar	no arraséis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
erosionar	erosionad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
baquiar	baquiaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
mugir	mugiréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
sonrojar	sonrojaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
particularizar	particularizaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
asfaltar	asfaltase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
rememorar	no rememore	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
trovar	trovará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
readmitir	readmitiré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desagraviar	desagraviáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
promover	promuevo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
mandonear	mandoneadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
desquiciar	desquiciaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
apurar	apurara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
abrumar	abrumáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
arraigar	arraigo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
aglutinar	aglutinaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
doblar	doblaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
exclamar	exclamaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
astillar	astillaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
agorar	agoraban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
opinar	opinarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
barajear	barajeara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
bastar	bastara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
electrocutar	electrocutaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
denunciar	denunciarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
argumentar	argumentaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
aculturar	no aculture	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
trinchar	trinches	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
reingresar	reingresaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
decebre	decebessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
girar	girada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
observar	observava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ometre	ometríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
udolar	udoleu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
italianitzar	italianitzarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
acaronar	acaronats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
metastatitzar	metastatitzem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
derrotar	derrotem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ocupar	ocupem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
aglomerar	aglomeressis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
desafiar	desafiés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
categoritzar	categoritzaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
solucionar	solucionéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
reinicialitzar	reinicialitzeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
olorar	oloraren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
alenar	alenareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
tiranitzar	tiranitzades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
embarrancar	embarrancaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
atribuir	atribuïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
regar	regà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
contravenir	contravingueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
narrar	narrés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
fitxar	fitxàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
respirar	respira	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
realitzar	realitzéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
subornar	subornareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
desplaçar	desplaça	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
fabricar	fabricats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
saciar	saciaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
atrapar	atrapessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
lletrejar	lletreges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
conquerir	conqueriries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
conspirar	conspira	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
créixer	creixem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
gambar	gambessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
assistir	assistiré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
aprestar	apresti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
dir-se	es digué	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
trair	trairíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
allunyar	allunya	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
estendre	estengui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
mitigar	mitiguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
espaventar	espaventa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ennuegar	ennuegarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
mudar	mudaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
reconciliar	reconciliàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
satisfer	satisfiu	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
dansar	dansaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
recolzar	recolza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
sondejar	sondegeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
arriscar	arriscaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
corrompre	corrompies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
jugar	jugui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
toldre	tolguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
pensar	pensés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
gratar	gratat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
atomitzar	atomitzaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
avantatjar	avantatges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
esperar	esperava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
confiar	confiarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
provar	provaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
faltar	faltaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
començar	comences	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
pasturar	pasturaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
descentralitzar	descentralitzen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
vincular	vinculi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
emetre	emetéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
raucar	raucat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
amansir	amansint	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
adquirir	adquiriràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
callar	callis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
significar	signifiquéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
passar	passessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
tiranitzar	tiranitzava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
sopar	sopessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
escapar	escapats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
trillar	trillava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ser	fóssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
xafardejar	xafardegéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
crear	creada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
abandonar	abandonava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
entrar	entrarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
oferir	oferíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
romandre	romangui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
empènyer	empenyés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
basar	basaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
fixar-se	fixares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
encreuar	encreuaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
distreure	distragué	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
confeccionar	confeccionaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
confondre	confoníeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
merèixer	mereixen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
agrupar	agruparen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
passejar	passeges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
alçar	alci	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
castrar	castrin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
purificar	purifico	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
despatxar	despatxarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
viatjar	viatgi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
raonar	raonarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
descobrir	descobrir	V;NFIN;catalan
adquirir	adquirir	V;NFIN;catalan
segregar	segregàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
modificar	modificaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
trobar	trobeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
escandalitzar	escandalitzàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
aixecar	aixeca	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
requerir	requereixen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ignorar	ignoren	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
beure	bevíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
orar	oràreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
provenir	provingués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
alimentar	alimentades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
imaginar	imagini	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
nuar	nueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
mirar-se	miraren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
passejar	passejarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
empatar	empateu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
doldre	doldríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
estiuar	estiuaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
afegir	afegiríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
eliminar	elimineu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
asseure's	ens asseguem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
acordar	acordem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
profunditzar	profunditzat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
obrir	obrin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
creure	creia	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
entrevistar	entrevistaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
menar	menar	V;NFIN;catalan
embriagar-se	embriaguessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
lexicalitzar	lexicalitzin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
eructar	eructaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
interessar	interessaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
envejar	envejaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
empapussar	empapussaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
batre	batem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
legalitzar	legalitzà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ratificar	ratificàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
vedar	vedem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
alleugerar	alleugereu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
utilitzar	utilitzéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
gravar	graveu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
refregar	refregueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ejacular	ejaculades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
economitzar	economitzaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
emmagatzemar	emmagatzemaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
preocupar	preocupessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
motoritzar	motoritzeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
endeutar	endeutéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
cuejar	cuejàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
batre	batem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
multiplicar	multipliqueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
concórrer	concorre	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
dissenyar	dissenyin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
armar	armis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
devorar	devoràvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
sostenir	sostindries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
vèncer	vencia	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
atribuir	atribuiríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
dotorejar	dotoregem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
cristal·litzar	cristal·litzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
adonar-se	adonar	V;NFIN;catalan
proposar	proposes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
escandalitzar	escandalitzats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
derrotar	derroteu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
assenyalar	assenyalaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
conrear	conreí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
xatejar	xatejaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
trucar	truquem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
estereotipar	estereotipés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
tapar	tapàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
afusellar	afuselléssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
costar	costant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
transfondre	transfonien	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
preguntar	preguntarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
homenatjar	homenatjaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
refutar	refuti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
felicitar	felicitàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
consagrar	consagrat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
succeir	succeiries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
conceptualitzar	conceptualitzat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
eludir	eludiu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
impulsar	impulsaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
condicionar	condicionades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
esterilitzar	esterilitzaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
malvendre	malvendràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
trivialitzar	trivialitzaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
cremar	cremat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
acampar	acampéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
reverenciar	reverencieu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
desautoritzar	desautoritzeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
imposar	imposaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
desodorar	desodorés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
eguinar	eguinaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
comptar	compti	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
pessigar	pessiguessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
extrapolar	extrapolaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
dissoldre	dissolguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
trivialitzar	trivialitzàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
perdre	perdin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
esbotifarrar	esbotifarreu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
obrir	obri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
analitzar	analitzés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
cuinar	cuinares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
soldar	soldàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
tatuar	tatuaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
alleugerar	alleugerem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
subhastar	subhastin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
rentar	rentàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
alegrar	alegrava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
aprofitar	aprofitaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
fotografiar	fotografiïn	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
dirimir	dirimit	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
retirar	retirés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
atènyer	atenyeres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
aportar	aportat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
disputar	disputaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
descobrir	descobrim	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
encalçar	encalçàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
garantir	garantim	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
barrejar	barregeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
fugir	fugia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
reeixir	reeixírem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
confiar	confiada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
fornir	forneixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
modelar	modelo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
definir	definits	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
arrodonir	arrodoniríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
dragar	dragaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
nominalitzar	nominalitzant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
dependre	depenguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
competir	competires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
planificar	planificaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
tiranitzar	tiranitzarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
integrar	integrem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
exercir	exercíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
atendre	atengueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
cornar	cornada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
combinar	combinaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
rosegar	roseguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
governar	governin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
assetjar	assetjades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
conduir	conduïts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
espaventar	espaventaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
alletar	alletés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ruixar	ruixaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
demanar	demaneu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
refugiar	refugiï	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
excretar	excretés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
coordinar	coordinin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
deturar	deturades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
aromar	aromar	V;NFIN;catalan
titllar	titllaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ratificar	ratifiquéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
mesurar	mesuraríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
impossibilitar	impossibilitaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
anhelar	anhelaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
potabilitzar	potabilitzarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
confondre	confoneu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
enfonsar	enfonsin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
trivialitzar	trivialitzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
presidir	presidires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
sincronitzar	sincronitzat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
restringir	restringiu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
portar	portaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
demostrar	demostraríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
deshumanitzar	deshumanitza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
cercar	cerquéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
detenir	detindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
exhibir	exhibim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
preferir	prefereixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
enganxar	enganxàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
coincidir	coincidiu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
empènyer	empenyéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
encórrer	encorreria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
registrar	registraran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
estereotipar	estereotipava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
rentar	rentem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
arrendar	arrendaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
construir	construeixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
reconstruir	reconstruíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
coordinar	coordinarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
guarnir	guarnim	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
importar	importaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
reemplaçar	reemplaçà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
comparèixer	comparegui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
proclamar	proclamaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
recompondre	recomponeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
inflar-se	inflaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
apostar	apostin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
conservar	conservéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
sintetitzar	sintetitzés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
guardonar	guardonés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
aproximar	aproximaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
entrar	entra	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
comunicar	comunicaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
escalfar	escalfa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
explotar	explotin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
perillar	perillàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
discriminar	discriminaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
entregar	entregarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
conservar	conservés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
encalçar	encalci	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
dir	diguis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
significar	significaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
atacar	atacava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
derrotar	derrotàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
orar	oreu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
merèixer	mereixerien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
deprimir	deprimim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
distingir	distingíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
empaquetar	empaquetats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
erigir	erigeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
colonitzar	colonitzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
dirigir	dirigeixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
registrar	registrà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
comprovar	comprovaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
legalitzar	legalitzés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
encadenar	encadeneu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
témer	teméssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
dedicar	dedicar	V;NFIN;catalan
derrotar	derrotessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
desconèixer	desconeguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
collir	collirien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
escaramussar	escaramusseu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
reunir	reuniren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
residir	residíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
facilitar	facilitàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
tornar-se	tornà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
estossegar	estossegades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
divinitzar	divinitzaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
obrir	obrírem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
filtrar	filtrava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
escampar	escampen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
lexicalitzar	lexicalitzada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
oblidar	oblidats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
examinar	examinaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
agusar	agusem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
elaborar	elabori	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
blindar	blindeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
afaitar	afaitaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
universalitzar	universalitzem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
renovar	renovem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
desmilitaritzar	desmilitaritzà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
manar	manarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
assimilar	assimilen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
malvendre	malvengués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
dimeritzar	dimeritzaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
renovar	renovaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
admirar	admiraria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
començar	comencés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
resoldre	resolguem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
infiltrar	infiltraràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
unir	uniré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
destacar	destaqui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
encantar	encanti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
dissociar	dissociat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
vaporitzar	vaporitzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
sorgir	sorgires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
formar	formares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
reclamar	reclamen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
encarregar	encarreguem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
teixir	teixeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
nuar	nuaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
exposar	exposí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
uniformitzar	uniformitzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
expulsar	expulsaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
insurreccionar	insurreccionéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
excitar	excitarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
segar	segarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
falsejar	falsejàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
desamortitzar	desamortitzaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
esternudar	esternudi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
desaprovar	desaprova	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
contractar	contractem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
agitar	agites	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
fumar	fumada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ferir	ferides	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
vetllar	vetllàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
penetrar	penetràvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
comprovar	comprovi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
brodar	brodeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
seure	seuria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
estimular	estimularies	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
conceptualitzar	conceptualitzades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
patir	patissis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
compartir	compartiríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
afegir	afegeix	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
enxampar	enxampi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
onejar	onegis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
mecanitzar	mecanitzin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
esbrinar	esbrinaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
quedar	quedo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
durar	duraria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
registrar	registraven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
passejar	passegen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
monetitzar	monetitzaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
contenir	continguessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
concloure	conclouré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
restaurar	restauréssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
obliquar	obliquàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
satisfer	satisféssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
soterrar	soterrarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
imantar	imantats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
profetitzar	profetitzarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
jaure	jaguérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
emfatitzar	emfatitzats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
recomençar	recomences	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
assolir	assolim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
decebre	decebrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
rascar	rascaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
millorar	millori	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
temptar	temptar	V;NFIN;catalan
nevar	nevem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
escanejar	escanejades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
naturalitzar	naturalitzéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
pixar	pixéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
atrofiar	atrofiat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
inventar	inventar	V;NFIN;catalan
confeccionar	confeccionareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
esnifar	esnifa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
casar	caséssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
rosegar	rosegaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
entrenar	entrenem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
descendir	descendiríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
tractar	tractant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
grapejar	grapejàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
guiar	guiàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
boicotejar	boicotejàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
il·luminar	il·luminà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ser	eres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
erigir	erigiràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
heure	havia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
estimar	estimaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
regressar	regressi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
dirigir	dirigíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
cansar	cansaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
diferenciar	diferenciem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
seguir	seguida	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
celebrar	celebraves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
començar	començarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
antecedir	antecedeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
designar	designi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ensenyar	ensenyés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
menar	menada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
augmentar	augmentaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
tornar	tornaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
revenjar-se	revenjarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
eguinar	eguinin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
desfer	desfeia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
impetrar	impetraries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
reescalfar	reescalfi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
agafar-se	agafi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
posar-se	posessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
desmilitaritzar	desmilitaritzaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
bombejar	bombeja	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
quedar	quedaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
difamar	difamàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
delir	delíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
pondre	poneu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
rearrencar	rearrencarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
silenciar	silenciaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
comptabilitzar	comptabilitzaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
prioritzar	prioritzéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
il·luminar	il·lumines	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
raure	rauen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
vaporitzar	vaporitzarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
provar	provà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
matar	mates	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
etiquetar	etiquetaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
deduir	dedueixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
modificar	modifiquéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
delir	delim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
sortir	sortiran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
psicoanalitzar	psicoanalitzareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
xiuxiuejar	xiuxiuejaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
evolucionar	evolucioneu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
recuperar	recuperant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
xopar	xoparíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
buscar	buscades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
veure's	es veié	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
entregar	entreguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
llançar	llançat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
esclatar	esclatàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
pixar	pixaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
circumcidar	circumcidis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
tornar-se	tornava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
atorgar	atorgareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
esmicolar	esmicola	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
intensificar	intensifica	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
fregir	fregirà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
jugar	jugaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
pujar	pugés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
definir	definires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
acusar	acuseu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
proclamar	proclamàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
esbotifarrar	esbotifarraràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
planejar	planejant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
occidentalitzar	occidentalitzaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
desmoralitzar	desmoralitzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
llatinitzar	llatinitza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
reverberar	reverberaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
abatre	abatés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
pol·linitzar	pol·linitzaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
sotmetre	sotmetrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
veure's	es veurien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
civilitzar	civilitzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
definir	definiríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
progressar	progressares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
animar	animaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
analitzar	analitzem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
llegar	llegaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
desconèixer	desconeixeràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
fredejar	fredegem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
dir-se	et dius	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
dubtar	dubtares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
intervenir	intervingueres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
transportar	transporteu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
sancionar	sanciona	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
tolerar	tolerés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
enyorar	enyoressis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
conrear	conreéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ridiculitzar	ridiculitzen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
inhalar	inhalaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
caracteritzar	caracteritzes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
fraternitzar	fraternitzen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
xafarotejar	xafarotejant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
associar	associéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
verificar	verifiquí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
carregar	carreguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
descoratjar	descoratgi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
disculpar-se	disculpava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
obliquar	obliqüen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
sortir	sortim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
dividir	dividit	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ocupar	ocupeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
menysvalorar	menysvalorareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
resoldre	resolguéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
parodiar	parodiarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
americanitzar	americanitzeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
pixar	pixant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
enfonsar	enfonséssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
assaborir	assaboríeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
dedicar	dedicaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
maleir	maleïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
desamortitzar	desamortitzaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
llevar-se	llevaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
prometre	prometi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
valdre	valies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
apologitzar	apologitzaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
informar	informes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
memoritzar	memoritzà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
produir	produiria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
humanitzar	humanitzen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
obeir	obeeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ocupar	ocupi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
agrupar	agrupí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
transferir	transferiries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
reaccionar	reacciono	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
enfocar	enfoquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
urgir	urgeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
envejar	envegin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
udolar	udolaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
dir	digués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
disparar	disparés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ficar	fiquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
reformar	reformeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
exhalar	exhalaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
rescatar	rescatat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
evolucionar	evoluciona	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
contraposar	contraposin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
tolerar	toleràvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
qüestionar	qüestiones	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ballar	ballarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
tremolar	tremolessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
destacar	destaquéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
follar	follà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
llicenciar	llicencien	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ensorrar	ensorren	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
agafar	agafeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
reflectir	reflectides	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
amagar	amagueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
consistir	consisteixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
catalanitzar	catalanitzaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
caçar	caceu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
condicionar	condicionin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
dilatar	dilateu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
esbrinar	esbrineu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
sabotejar	sabotegés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
tesar	tesarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
témer	temé	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
roncar	ronquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
col·laborar	col·laboris	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
destil·lar	destil·léssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
abdicar	abdicàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
acariciar	acariciar	V;NFIN;catalan
vincular	vinculés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
expel·lir	expel·lirem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
desfer	desfèiem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
triar	triarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
estrenar	estrenaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
pelar	pelada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
acudir	acudies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
boxar	boxés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
dramatitzar	dramatitza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
anhelar	anhelats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
pegar	pegà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
vigoritzar	vigoritzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
animar	animem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
esternudar	esternudaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
modelar	modelem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
armar	armeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
xipollejar	xipolleges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
aïllar	aïllarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
adaptar	adaptaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
afirmar	afirma	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
encendre	encenc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
sobrevolar	sobrevolada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
criticar	critiqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
improvisar	improviseu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
desaprovar	desaprovant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
pegar	pega	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
romandre	romandreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
aïllar	aïllaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
atemptar	atemptéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
fusionar	fusioneu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
citar	citi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
coexistir	coexisteixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
profetitzar	profetitzaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
emplenar	emplenada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
encaixar	encaixaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
mudar	mudàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
requerir	requereixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
guaitar	guaitarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
integrar	integraré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
globalitzar	globalitzaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
efectuar	efectuava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
negar	negares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
repetir	repeteixen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
perfeccionar	perfeccioní	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
rellegir	rellegies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
absoldre	absoldrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
simular	simulis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
militaritzar	militaritzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
brindar	brindàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
casar	casis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
queixar-se	queixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
sabotejar	sabotejaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
anomenar	anomenaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
metastatitzar	metastatitzem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
neutralitzar	neutralitzes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
mitigar	mitigaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
finir	finírem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
cruixir	cruixir	V;NFIN;catalan
apel·lar	apel·larà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
simbolitzar	simbolitzeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
pactar	pactessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
menysvalorar	menysvalorés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
firmar	firmen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
reeixir	reeixits	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
assaborir	assaboreixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
somiar	somies	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
alçar	alçàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
preparar	prepari	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
destacar	destacats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
intersectar	intersectin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
cremar	cremí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
emancipar	emanciparies	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
correspondre	corresponguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
sobremenjar	sobremengeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
preocupar-se	preocuparia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
encapçalar	encapçalem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
miolar	mioleu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
aprovar	aprovades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
enganyar	enganyats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
tremolar	tremolaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
transportar	transportaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
desaparèixer	desaparèixer	V;NFIN;catalan
buscar	busquéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
preveure	prevegin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
somiar	somiïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
follar	folléssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ampliar	ampliant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
manllevar	manllevin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
molestar	molestaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
empatar	empatàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
allargar	allargui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
renillar	renilla	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
rebaixar	rebaixaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
subjugar	subjugàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
generar	generaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
influir	influeix	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
vedar	veden	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
celebrar	celebraria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
posseir	posseïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
conspirar	conspiréssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
purificar	purificant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
reaparèixer	reapareixeria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
compartir	comparties	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
nasalitzar	nasalitzin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
cridar	cridaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
desafiar	desafien	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
equivocar	equivocant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
fluctuar	fluctuàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
defendre	defès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
fixar	fixares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
comentar	comentàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
uniformar	uniformaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
abrandar	abrandaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
petonejar	petonegem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
rescatar	rescateu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
escurar	escuràvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
prohibir	prohibírem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
substituir	substituïres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
monetitzar	monetitzaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
convertir	convertiríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
lladrar	lladrareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
divertir-se	divertides	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
esgarriar	esgarriéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
esforçar	esforcis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
jaquir	jaqueixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
empaquetar	empaquetaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
decebre	decebreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
demanar	demanaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
revistar	revistem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
sol·licitar	sol·licitin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
resistir	resistia	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
constituir	constituïm	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
orientalitzar	orientalitzéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
occidentalitzar	occidentalitzant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
assecar	assecaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
estacar	estaquéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
infondre	infonia	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
tantalitzar	tantalitzés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ennuvolar-se	ennuvola	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
seleccionar	seleccionarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
cansar-se	cansaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
resultar	resultes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
coronar	coronaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
penalitzar	penalitzarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
acostar	acostéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
descriure	descrivint	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
executar	executareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
italianitzar	italianitzin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
militaritzar	militaritzava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
soldar	soldà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
intuir	intuïa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
desafiar	desafiàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
eguinar	eguinaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
feminitzar	feminitzin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
reorganitzar	reorganitzant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
deixar	deixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
morir	moriria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
balançar	balançàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
immobilitzar	immobilitzàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
aproximar	aproximaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
allargar	allarguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
pecar	pecada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
desplaçar	desplaçaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
afegir	afegiríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
exclamar	exclamava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
afusellar	afusellares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
evitar	evití	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
cultivar	cultivi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
maquillar-se	maquillàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
gambar	gambar	V;NFIN;catalan
merceritzar	merceritzem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
plaure	plauràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
capturar	capturi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
celebrar	celebraven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
preocupar	preocupàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
desenvolupar	desenvolupeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
motivar	motivin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
bastir	basties	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
desar	desaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
avançar	avancés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
experimentar	experimentaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
semblar	semblàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
repetir	repetides	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
segrestar	segrestí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
hibernar	hibernem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
arrapar	arrapo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
motivar	motivem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
publicar	publiqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
malvendre	malvendríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
escaramussar	escaramussava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
belar	belaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
segrestar	segresti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
subestimar	subestimares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
substituir	substituïts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
despertar-se	despertà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
esforçar-se	esforçaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
vincular	vinculéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
demostrar	demostraríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
reverenciar	reverenciessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
fundar	fundava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
suprimir	suprimís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
entusiasmar	entusiasméssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
refrigerar	refrigera	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
vedar	vedaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
inflar-se	inflada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
enganxar	enganxeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
remuntar	remuntem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
comptar	comptem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
laborar	laborés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
començar	començaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
prometre	prometia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
avançar	avancem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
enfondre	enfonguéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
tatuar	tatuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
propagar	propaguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
fabricar	fabricàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
deshumanitzar	deshumanitzava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
expandir	expandíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
orientalitzar	orientalitzis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
rompre	rompin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
valdre	valdré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
prioritzar	prioritzaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
abreujar	abreujaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
actuar	actuéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
tatuar	tatuen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
valer	valguts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
agusar	aguséssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
percebre	percebut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
rodar	rodin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
pasturar	pasturis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
matar	maten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
furar	furem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
lletrejar	lletrejaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
suprimir	suprimíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
completar	completi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
liberalitzar	liberalitzéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
profunditzar	profunditzem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
veure's	es veuran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
desembarcar	desembarcaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
oir	oeix	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
corregir	corregíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
incloure	inclourà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
impulsar	impulsaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
esterilitzar	esterilitzarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
dividir	dividirà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
oscil·lar	oscil·lada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
néixer	naixeria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
arrossegar	arrosseguem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
aixecar	aixequeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
idealitzar	idealitzàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
resistir	resistíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
incorporar	incorporàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
evacuar	evacués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
fotogravar	fotogravem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
endevinar	endevinàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
pentinar	pentinarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
unificar	unifiarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
impossibilitar	impossibilitat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ofendre	ofengueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
escalar	escalin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
disposar	disposen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ossificar	ossificarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
sobreviure	sobrevisquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
barbar	barbàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
reconquerir	reconqueríssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
estigmatitzar	estigmatitzaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
segregar	segregueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
sostenir	sostenen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
mocar-se	mocàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
cosir	cosís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
completar	completava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
segregar	segregui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
molestar	molestàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
agonitzar	agonitzaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
inserir	inseriu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ancorar	ancoraren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
mocar-se	mocaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
simular	simulàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
anomenar	anomenares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
civilitzar	civilitza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
cascar	casquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
passejar	passejares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
naturalitzar	naturalitzàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
admirar	admires	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
pactar	pactàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
vocalitzar	vocalitzessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
saciar	saciem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
sagnar	sagni	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
rejovenir	rejoveneixi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
banyar	banyaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
variar	variï	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
dir-se	ens diem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
embriagar	embriagui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
disminuir	disminuírem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
tiranitzar	tiranitzarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
escurar	escuràveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
banyar	banyes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
demostrar	demostrem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
anhelar	anhelem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
enfocar	enfocaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
cagar	caguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
orar	oraríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
pessigar	pessigà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
sotmetre	sotmeti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
gravar	grava	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
formar	forméssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
tardar	tardades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
rovellar	rovelli	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
prestar	prestares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
quedar-se	quedaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
traumatitzar	traumatitzaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
desfer	desfet	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
infondre	infondríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
consagrar	consagreu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
heure	hagués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
precisar	preciso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
observar	observí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
dilatar	dilatàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
reprendre	reprendria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
fomentar	fomentant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
plorar	plorin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
enlluernar	enlluernares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
espantar	espantarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
simbolitzar	simbolitzàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
pronunciar	pronunciem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
travessar	travessats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
hibernar	hibernàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
promoure	promous	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
progressar	progressés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
pensar	pensem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
sexar	sexaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
improvisar	improvisin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
activar	activés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
acudir	acudíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
inflar-se	inflem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
fotosintetitzar	fotosintetitzaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
transferir	transferides	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
bombardejar	bombardegi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
aportar	aportaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
imitar	imitaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
suplir	supleixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
enfrontar	enfrontaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
bufar	bufa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
atreure	atraguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ruixar	ruixem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
inspeccionar	inspeccionaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
penar	pena	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
menjar	menjar	V;NFIN;catalan
unificar	unifies	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
millorar	milloressis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
sondejar	sondegin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
reformar	reformes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
posposar	posposem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
aguaitar	aguaití	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
invitar	invitàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
potabilitzar	potabilitzi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
forjar	forjaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
llençar	llencem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
situar	situava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
oprimir	oprimí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
pactar	pactaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
aportar	aportades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
compondre	componguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
dessalinitzar	dessalinitzar	V;NFIN;catalan
magnetitzar	magnetitzat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
encarregar	encarregaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
afeblir	afebliràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
planejar	planejar	V;NFIN;catalan
endevinar	endevinés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
atribuir	atribuírem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
travessar	travessà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
convèncer	convenceràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
advertir	advertiríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
infeccionar	infeccionem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
desembarcar	desembarcarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
domar	domaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
esnifar	esnifava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
desbloquejar	desbloquegem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
batejar	batejat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
inspeccionar	inspeccionin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
escanejar	escanegem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
acordar	acordessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
acostumar-se	acostumats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
escandalitzar	escandalitzaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
beure	beguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
exagerar	exagereu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
monetitzar	monetitzà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
enllestir	enllestiu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
embenar	embenaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
pactar	pactéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
arraulir	arrauliràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
perdre	perden	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
desenvolupar	desenvolupaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
solucionar	solucionés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
néixer	neixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
actuar	actuarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
quedar	quedéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
desobeir	desobeïssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
vèncer	vencerien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
vetllar	vetllaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
casar-se	casaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
examinar	examinarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
atorgar	atorgaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
condampner	condampner	V;NFIN;french
soingner	soingna	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ottroyer	ottroyerois	V;COND;2;SG;french
smasher	smashait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
décadrer	décadrasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
porporter	porportons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
transborder	transbordant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
emprendre	emprenant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
juter	jutions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
dézoomer	dézoomai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
symboliser	symbolisé	V.PTCP;PST;french
maternaliser	maternalisait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
reboiser	reboisât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
fraser	frasât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
carburer	carburera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
coudre	cousît	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
descharger	descharge	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
pincer	pincions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
arboriser	arboriserait	V;COND;3;SG;french
accréditer	accréditons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
trencher	trenche	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
pilorier	piloriât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
désinfecter	désinfecta	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
chevalchier	chevalcheriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
enrichir	enrichissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
garnir	garnissant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
assurer	assurassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
menacer	menaça	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
esragier	esrajasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
dodeliner	dodelinaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
grenader	grenadant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
confier	confiera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
asticoter	asticotât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
radouber	radoubons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
azurer	azuriez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
preferer	preferassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
diner	diniez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
épinocher	épinochais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
secréter	secrétasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
brocarder	brocardais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
poser	posaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
affadir	affadit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
préfigurer	préfigurai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
différentier	différentierez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
biguiner	en biguinant	V.CVB;PRS;french
instituer	institues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
retarder	retardent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
peiner	peinerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
débattre	débattis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
débâcler	débâclerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
terreauter	terreautasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
concaténer	concaténait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
démâter	démâtez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
objectiver	objective	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
timbrer	timbriez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
décaisser	décaissais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
enfoncer	enfonçait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
gréer	gréasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ariser	arisai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
infixer	infixas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
départementaliser	départementalise	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
abâtardir	abâtardirons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
desplere	desplesiez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
kerre	kerez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
persiffler	persifflassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
sasser	sasse	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
beigner	beignez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
suriner	surinent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
rembourrer	rembourrâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
apuyer	apuyé	V.PTCP;PST;french
sozlever	sozlievent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
couster	coustoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
protester	protestez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
établir	établiront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
réadapter	réadaptâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
pincer	pinciez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
déshabituer	déshabituerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
immigrer	immigrerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
biqueter	biquetterai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
garrocher	en garrochant	V.CVB;PRS;french
émanciper	émancipais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
melancholier	melancholiera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
persécuter	persécute	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
quereller	querellerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
débander	débanderions	V;COND;1;PL;french
escundire	escundisoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
minorer	minoriez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
bulletiner	bulletines	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
aorner	aornoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
patiner	en patinant	V.CVB;PRS;french
refusionner	refusionneraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
barguignier	barguignasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
pillier	pilla	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
rutiler	rutilai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
diviniser	divinisaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
iolyer	iolyeroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
disséminer	disséminions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
reconnaître	reconnaître	V;NFIN;french
conceder	concederiiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
tunisifier	tunisifiez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
impartir	impartissions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
former	formerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
estraire	estraies	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
réévaluer	réévalue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
rectifier	rectifieraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
encerchier	encercheroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
chanter	chanteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
nuire	nuisions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
gaber	gabaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
duper	dupais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
arreter	arreterions	V;COND;1;PL;french
retravailler	retravailleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
générer	générassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
blastengier	blastenjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
retirer	retire	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
accoter	accotèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
envoiler	envoilasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
couder	coudent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
aanchrer	aanchroies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
descharger	deschargerent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
brimbaler	en brimbalant	V.CVB;PRS;french
compenser	compensassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
décevoir	déçus	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
muter	mutions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
cosigner	cosignent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
enchaigner	enchaigna	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
granuler	granulera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
r'asseurer	r'asseure	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
drecier	drez	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
pleurer	pleurer	V;NFIN;french
éradiquer	éradiquasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
raffermir	raffermît	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
endurcir	endurci	V.PTCP;PST;french
nomadiser	nomadisais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
disloquer	disloquerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
économiser	économisons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
devourer	devoures	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
bastionner	bastionnai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
populariser	popularises	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
notifier	notifiait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
calciner	calcinasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
écouter	écoutât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
abouler	aboulasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ambitionner	ambitionnant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
aiguillonner	aiguillonnerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
esfacier	esfacent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
estofer	estofoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
traiter	traitasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
effaroucher	effarouchent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
déraper	dérape	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
répandre	répandant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
pourforcer	pourforcé	V.PTCP;PST;french
billonner	billonnant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
désapprouver	désapprouverons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
languir	languisses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
concilier	concilies	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
enhardir	enhardissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
épauler	épaulent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
nier	niassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
assortir	assortissions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
esquinter	esquintai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
empester	empestions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
embrasser	embrassé	V.PTCP;PST;french
progresser	progressasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
zoner	zonât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
zester	zesterait	V;COND;3;SG;french
nomer	nomai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
formater	formatons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
encelluler	encellulais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
acclimater	acclimate	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
couter	coutera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
épitaxier	épitaxient	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
vassaliser	vassalisassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
métamorphoser	métamorphosassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
râper	râpaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
pleurer	pleurera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
orienter	oriente	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
dégrossir	dégrossir	V;NFIN;french
remobiliser	remobiliseraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
légaliser	légalisent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
monochromatiser	monochromatiseraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
déballonner	te déballonneras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
separer	separa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
azurer	azurasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
entreposer	entreposons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ariver	ariveroiz	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
voleir	vueille	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
radoter	radoter	V;NFIN;french
arpéger	arpégea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
tapoter	tapotiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
réimaginer	réimaginez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
légender	légendiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
soillier	soille	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
foutre	foutiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
décroitre	décroitras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
cacheter	cachetiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
netoiier	netoiastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
stationner	stationnez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
enuier	enui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
intensifier	intensifie	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
anhéler	anhèlerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
éponger	épongions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
déganter	dégantes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
sejorner	sejornons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
moderer	modereront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
coulisser	coulisseraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
diamanter	diamanterions	V;COND;1;PL;french
piorner	piorneront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
langer	langea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
customiser	customisons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
starifier	starifiions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
radiopasteuriser	radiopasteurise	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
cunduire	cunduiriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
refleurir	refleuriront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
secourir	secourusse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
tacheter	tachetassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
resaccader	resaccadiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
bémoliser	bémoliserait	V;COND;3;SG;french
déambuler	déambulons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
fustiger	fustige	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
effiler	effilant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
dénationaliser	dénationaliserions	V;COND;1;PL;french
cycliser	cyclisèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
radoter	radotions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
recompter	recomptes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
dialoguer	dialoguez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
scénariser	scénariserions	V;COND;1;PL;french
nasfrer	nasfrent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
superseder	en supersedant	V.CVB;PRS;french
dévisager	dévisageant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
parçonner	parçonna	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
exclamer	exclamassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
défeuiller	défeuillerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
vaintre	vainz	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
nettoyer	nettoieraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
vagir	vagissiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
antrer	antres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
fréquenter	fréquenteriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
gratifier	gratifiasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
berner	berne	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
appareiller	appareillais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
diminuer	diminua	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
boitiller	boitillassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
rediffuser	rediffusâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
placardiser	placardisions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
jeûner	jeûne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
orthogonaliser	orthogonalisais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
interpeler	interpellent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
honorer	honores	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
barber	barbai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
caviller	cavillez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
minimaliser	minimaliserait	V;COND;3;SG;french
raporter	raportez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
nouer	nouèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
dîner	dînes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
clapoter	clapotèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
amatir	amatis	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
perforer	perforassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
acounter	acountant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
attiédir	attiédissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
bégayer	bégayes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
reregarder	reregardent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
nucléariser	nucléarisiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
alterner	alternais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
démanteler	démantelai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
blettir	blettisse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
esposer	esposent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
remonter	remonterais	V;COND;1;SG;french
crucefier	crucefions	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
exercer	exerçons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
fabuler	fabulais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
desnoer	desnooit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
agglomérer	agglomériez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
praeparer	praeparez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
apercevoir	apercevras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
escheoir	eschiéent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
aventurer	aventurions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
plastiquer	plastiquer	V;NFIN;french
calciner	calcineriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
fertiliser	fertilisions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
zézayer	zézaye	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
délecter	délecterai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
raboter	rabotera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
nitrater	nitratais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
disqualifier	disqualifieront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
énamourer	s’énamourant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
garnir	garnissez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
éterniser	éternisai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
déposer	déposeriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
gager	gageaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
arouser	arousasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
coltiner	coltinerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
tressauter	tressautiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
bessemériser	bessemérisaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
broier	broieroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
chlorurer	chlorures	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
mithridatiser	mithridatisent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
batailler	bataillait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
presumer	presumé	V.PTCP;PST;french
déparler	déparlions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
cuivrer	cuivrerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
réglementer	réglementé	V.PTCP;PST;french
mijoter	mijotons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
aigrir	aigrîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
acquiter	acquitent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
racunter	racunter	V;NFIN;french
mambrer	mambreroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
moudre	moulurent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
visionner	visionnera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
réconforter	réconfortasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
segmenter	segmentes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
enceindre	enceindriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
répliquer	répliquez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ébraiser	en ébraisant	V.CVB;PRS;french
superposer	superposassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ovaliser	ovalisa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
représenter	représentions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
savoir	sus	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
estirer	estires	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
jaboter	jabotais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
reconvertir	en reconvertissant	V.CVB;PRS;french
cochonner	cochonniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
répliquer	répliquais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
gober	gobes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
cordonner	cordonnais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
cylindrer	cylindrât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
jauger	jauges	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
appendre	appendrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
starter	startâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
déliter	délitassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
fractionner	fractionnez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
clamer	clameront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
estomaquer	estomaquèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
surinterpréter	surinterpréter	V;NFIN;french
caguer	caguer	V;NFIN;french
encadrer	encadre	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
antredoner	antredonissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
railler	raillerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
réimaginer	réimaginent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
délirer	délirerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
supposer	supposasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
assumer	assumât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
invectiver	invectivassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
poignarder	poignardait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
amercier	amerz	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ansanglanter	ansanglanteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
resider	residois	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
décapoter	décapotions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
inverser	inversait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
zinzinuler	zinzinulasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
aborner	abornassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
pouponner	pouponnons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
jeuner	jeuneront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
contraindre	en contraignant	V.CVB;PRS;french
cintrer	cintre	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
bruler	brule	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
refroidir	refroidiriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
transparaître	en transparaissant	V.CVB;PRS;french
remirer	remir	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
carrer	carrasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
drecier	dreçons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
escroquer	escroquiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
fusionner	fusionneras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
désemplir	désemplît	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
innocenter	innocentez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
lubrifier	lubrifie	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
hucher	huchions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
voter	votez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
désaveugler	désaveuglât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
postdater	postdatâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
téléphoner	téléphone	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
fuir	fuisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
exécuter	exécute	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
entre-louer	entre-louerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
blanchoier	blanchoierons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
chanceler	chancelassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
agglutiner	agglutinent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
eidier	en eidant	V.CVB;PRS;french
antrer	antrastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
suffixer	suffixe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
bercer	berçasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
aquerre	aquiere	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
redemener	redemenissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
edifier	edifieroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
nover	noviez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
rouer	rouassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
privilégier	privilégia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
escorner	escorneroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
impliquer	impliquent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
dévoiler	dévoilera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
dégommer	dégommons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
rincer	rinçant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
apprendre	apprenez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
désencombrer	désencombrent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
paralléliser	parallélisâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
conjoir	joient	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
mitiger	mitigeasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
reparler	reparlerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
télégraphier	télégraphieriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
encombrer	encombrerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ganser	gansions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
stabiliser	stabilisasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
merveiller	merveillerois	V;COND;1;SG;french
attirer	attirerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
empescher	empescha	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
anordir	anordissons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
quasser	quassastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
intersecter	intersections	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
aencrer	aencrast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
sermonner	sermonnent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
transbahuter	transbahuteraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
piger	pigeâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
bifurquer	bifurquerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
relever	relevait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
déférer	déférâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
computer	computerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
polygoniser	polygonisassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
mastériser	mastérise	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
déshumaniser	en déshumanisant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ensiler	ensilât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
rengorger	rengorges	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
boursicoter	boursicotiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
recycler	recyclerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
relaisser	relaissera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
convoiter	convoiteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
sursauter	sursauterais	V;COND;1;SG;french
déboiter	déboitons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
imputer	imputent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
professer	professasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
enfleurer	enfleurerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
insérer	insérez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
remorquer	remorquons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
dépiter	dépitions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
cliver	clive	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
scénariser	scénarisez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
mirer	mire	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
acquiter	acquitez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
somnoler	somnolassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
convenir	conviendrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
dégoudronner	dégoudronnasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
élider	élideras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
édulcorer	édulcorerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
moillier	moilliez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
zoner	zonerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
interjeter	interjetant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
profiter	profitez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
pavaner	pavaneras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
sacrifier	sacrifie	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
fuser	fusez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
bolcheviser	bolchevisant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
promouvoir	promût	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
convoler	convole	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
émouvoir	émouvant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
emploiier	emploiasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
diluer	diluer	V;NFIN;french
épouser	épousassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
recéler	recèle	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
guerroyer	guerroierai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
énouer	énouât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
despoillier	despoille	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
institutionnaliser	institutionnalisèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
cueillir	cueillions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
zinzinuler	zinzinuleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
estofer	estofé	V.PTCP;PST;french
coïter	coïtons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
trimballer	trimballassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
déployer	déployas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
encartonner	encartonnâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
décacheter	décachetez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
marketer	marketerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
nettoier	netti	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
horrifier	horrifient	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
transiter	transitasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ramposner	ramposnons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
occurrer	occurrera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
racornir	racornira	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
défroisser	défroisserais	V;COND;2;SG;french
enhauncer	enhaunz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
maitriser	maitrisâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
désoxyder	désoxydions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
sérénader	sérénadez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
cribler	criblait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
plier	pliassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
échafauder	échafaudez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
amputer	amputerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
gaspiller	gaspille	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
acointier	acointassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
desprover	desprovai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
convicter	convictent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
revaloriser	revaloriserait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ioniser	ionisâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ternir	ternissais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
coincer	coinçâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
rappliquer	rappliquassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
noumer	noumez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
unifier	unifie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
relascher	relasche	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ébouillanter	ébouillantai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
dédicacer	dédicacez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
bitter	bitterais	V;COND;2;SG;french
topographier	topographiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
vernir	vernit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
climatiser	climatisais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
préqualifier	préqualifiant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
veintre	veintront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
coincer	coincez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
dégluer	dégluiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
crouter	croute	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
coraniser	coranisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
appareiller	appareilleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
épouiller	en épouillant	V.CVB;PRS;french
desfendre	desfendras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
muser	muses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
dandiner	dandinâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
désensibiliser	en désensibilisant	V.CVB;PRS;french
adorer	adorassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
accompagner	accompagneriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
dédramatiser	dédramatises	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
inoculer	inoculerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
affréter	affrétai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
éviter	éviterions	V;COND;1;PL;french
court-circuiter	court-circuiterais	V;COND;2;SG;french
anoblir	anoblissaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
desguisier	en desguisant	V.CVB;PRS;french
déchausser	déchausserons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
éluder	élude	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
iolyer	iolyas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
croasser	croasse	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
estinceler	estincelasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
dépiter	dépita	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
liguer	vous liguiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
entremêler	entremêlerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
sténographier	sténographiais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
appéter	appétant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
écrouer	écrouassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
aboyer	aboyions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
surnager	surnageassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
rassortir	rassortiront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
médiatiser	médiatiserais	V;COND;2;SG;french
renover	renovant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
oblitérer	oblitérez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
entasser	entasserai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
fureter	furèterais	V;COND;2;SG;french
piloter	pilotiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
enfoirer	enfoirons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
crachouiller	crachouillais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
évoluer	évolueraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
santir	sant	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
atirier	atirissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
desployer	desploya	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ruser	rusez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
solliciter	sollicitasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
colper	colpent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
acérer	acérant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
foncer	fonçassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
afichier	afichoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ceinturer	ceinturions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
réenterrer	réenterrasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
phantastiquer	phantastique	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
souner	sounoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
sangler	sanglait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
enrêner	enrênerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
récurer	récuras	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
courrouchier	courrouche	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
contrer	contrâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
enfûter	enfûtasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
redessiner	redessinerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
gratifier	gratifia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
aguerrir	aguerraient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
plébisciter	plébiscites	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
déparer	déparèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
endosser	endossent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
solfier	solfiasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
agenouiller	agenouillât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
contrepoiser	contrepoisions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
déboguer	déboguez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
galonner	galonnais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
dévier	déviiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
consister	consistais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ébouter	éboutes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
découcher	découcheriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
déjuger	en déjugeant	V.CVB;PRS;french
enbracer	enbraçons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
incapaciter	incapacitais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
nerver	nervâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
unifier	unifiez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
plere	plerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
héliporter	héliporterai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
décerner	décernas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
empiéger	empiégeas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
amputer	amputent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
titriser	titrisez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
autopiloter	autopiloteront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
chlorer	chlore	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
glousser	gloussassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
prôner	prône	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
retendre	retendes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
coder	code	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
deschargier	descharjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
verdoiier	verdoieriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
paier	paioit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
cicatrisier	cicatrisïeriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
ralier	ralieront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
déceler	décèlerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
cumbatre	cumbatroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
poeir	puissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
destabler	destabla	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
référencer	référencez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
motoriser	motorise	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
chaponner	chaponnassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
preceder	precedas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
alier	alïent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
accorer	accorera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
alier	aliiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
yodler	yodles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
accélérer	accélèreras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
farter	farte	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
aller	vais	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
contrôler	contrôliez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
flamboyer	flamboierais	V;COND;1;SG;french
acquiter	acquitions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
phraser	phraserons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
soulager	soulageais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
recruter	recrutais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
badauder	badauderiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
enconner	enconnerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ébaudir	ébaudis	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
bassiner	bassinerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
interfacer	interfacèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
gêner	gênerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
affranchir	affranchissions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
anathématiser	anathématisai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
examiner	examinait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
appesantir	appesantissons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
concrétiser	concrétise	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
plonger	plongerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
télescoper	télescoperais	V;COND;1;SG;french
dégainer	dégainasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
surmonter	surmonteront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
réinstaurer	réinstaureriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
alléger	allègerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
dessevrer	dessevrissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
afféager	afféagions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
entasser	entassiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
riposter	ripostions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
déboîter	déboîte	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
arc-bouter	arc-boute	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
associer	associent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
tanguer	tanguiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
labourer	labouré	V.PTCP;PST;french
avertir	avertis	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
vedeir	veḍisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
réengager	réengageais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
subvertir	en subvertissant	V.CVB;PRS;french
atermoyer	atermoierais	V;COND;2;SG;french
vapoter	vapotes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
vedeir	veiṭ	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
épouser	épousaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
apparenter	apparentâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
carbonitrurer	carbonitrurât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
alléger	allègerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
décrédibiliser	décrédibilisa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
branlocher	branlochasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
médire	médis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
profiter	profiter	V;NFIN;french
dénouer	dénouerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
engorger	engorge	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
architecturer	architecturassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
trespasser	trespassent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
avanchier	avanchieras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
émulsionner	émulsionniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
codifier	codifions	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
aencrer	aencreriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
démocratiser	démocratisé	V.PTCP;PST;french
froter	froté	V.PTCP;PST;french
parier	pariera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
emmaillotter	emmaillotta	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
barbouiller	barbouilles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
bénéficier	bénéficierai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
gauler	gauliez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
endetter	endettions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
englotir	englotissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
vivre	vivrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
despossesser	despossessent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
painer	painissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
zoner	zonerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ramollir	ramollisses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
monochromatiser	monochromatisait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
bercer	bercerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
covoiter	covoitames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
enthousiasmer	enthousiasmerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
essorer	essoras	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
pruver	pruvoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
graper	graperas	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
fourvoyer	fourvoyassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
duner	dunasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
pleuviner	pleuviné	V.PTCP;PST;french
enjôler	enjôlai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
querre	querons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
enfouir	enfouissant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
psychologiser	psychologiseront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
dactylographier	dactylographiasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
haranguer	harangueras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
forfaire	forfa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
déposséder	dépossédâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
nouer	nouasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
décerner	décerneraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
cesser	cesseriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
exalter	exalte	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
aguyser	aguyseriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
trubler	truble	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
peller	pellâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
surligner	surligniez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
porloigner	porloignons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
counter	counta	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
arpenter	arpentassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
réapproprier	me réappropriais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
cratériser	cratérisions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
changier	chanjons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
abaissier	abaissant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ébaucher	ébaucheriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
courrieller	courriellerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
squattériser	squattériseront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
totaliser	totalisera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
enchasser	enchassassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
chaunter	chaunteroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
aprandre	apranent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
couiner	couinassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
transmuter	transmute	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
rediscuter	rediscutas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
anticiper	anticipe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
aler	ailles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
paraffiner	paraffines	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
taster	tastons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
régénérer	régénèrerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
collectionner	collectionnerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
maltraiter	maltraites	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
éradiquer	éradiquassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
méfier	méfiait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
candidater	candidaterai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
féliciter	félicitais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
radiodiffuser	radiodiffuser	V;NFIN;french
voiler	voilions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
gravir	gravissent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
coopérer	coopère	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
briguer	brigue	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
feuler	feulons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
énumérer	énumérant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
poquer	poquâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
convoler	convolèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
anraciner	anracinent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
remporter	remportions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
personnaliser	personnalisent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
graisser	graissez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
décroître	décrût	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
rengendrer	rengendre	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
porloigner	porloigne	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
singer	singeriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
préluder	préludaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
égailler	égaillez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
désapprendre	désappreniez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
pulvériser	pulvérises	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
imbiber	imbibes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
déprendre	déprendrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
répartir	répartîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
déstructurer	déstructuraient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
aerer	aeras	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
caler	calassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
épouiller	épouillèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
écrouler	écroulent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
esbigner	esbignât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
axiomatiser	axiomatise	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
acétaliser	acétalisez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
écrouler	écroulasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
recleimer	recleima	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
canner	cannerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
aciérer	aciéras	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
pester	pesteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
boucler	bouclasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
eschapper	eschappons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
dépecer	en dépeçant	V.CVB;PRS;french
sexer	sexerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
treillager	treillagent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
cunter	cunterent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
errer	erre	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
iouer	iouassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
acculturer	accultures	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
tourniquer	tourniqué	V.PTCP;PST;french
parbolir	parboudrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
étuver	étuviez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
succomber	succombais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
tornoiier	tornoioit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
scarifier	scarifions	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ozoniser	ozonisions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
extravaguer	extravaguiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
jecter	jectons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
augmenter	augmentant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
maximaliser	maximaliseront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
saupoudrer	saupoudreraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
saliniser	salinisèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
affronter	affronterions	V;COND;1;PL;french
foudroyer	foudroya	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
abluer	abluions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
picoler	picolais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
carger	en carjant	V.CVB;PRS;french
traînasser	traînassâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
barbarouffer	barbarouffassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
approvisionner	approvisionnâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
fatiguer	fatiguerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
sucrer	sucrassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
apposer	apposerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
chopiner	chopiner	V;NFIN;french
baliverner	balivernas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
neier	en neiant	V.CVB;PRS;french
sursolliciter	sursolliciteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
monopoliser	monopolises	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
guaster	guaste	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
berner	berner	V;NFIN;french
présager	présagerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
matelasser	matelassasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
complimenter	complimentons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
appointer	appointez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
polytyper	polytypèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
distancier	distanciez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
incarner	incarnerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
peindre	peignit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
inventorier	inventorie	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
cokéfier	cokéfie	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
avoisiner	avoisiné	V.PTCP;PST;french
espeier	espeiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
échancrer	échancre	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
écrier	t’écriais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
fasciner	fascinât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
renfiler	renfilera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
invertir	invertissez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
allaiter	allaite	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
resjoir	vos joïstes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
excommunier	excommuniai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
patienter	patienterais	V;COND;2;SG;french
empocher	empocheras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
estomper	estompe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ligoter	ligotera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
valdinguer	valdinguasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
polyploïdiser	polyploïdiserions	V;COND;1;PL;french
allonger	allongeais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
absorber	absorberais	V;COND;1;SG;french
patienter	patientera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
blatérer	blatérais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
génuflexer	génuflexâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
labéliser	labéliseront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
estouper	estoupe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
éroder	éroderas	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
télécharger	téléchargeâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
surbroder	surbrodais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
blacklister	blacklistaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
oir	orroiz	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
foehner	foehnerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
raboter	rabotons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
auditer	auditasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
festoyer	festoyions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
tuer	tues	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
patiner	patinez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
édulcorer	édulcore	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
enflamer	enflamastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
accouder	accoudais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
évaporer	évaporerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
siéger	siéger	V;NFIN;french
metre	meṣissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
empoizonner	empoizonnerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
élever	élevez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
voller	vollerois	V;COND;2;SG;french
embabouiner	embabouinent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
excentrer	excentrent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
roidir	roidissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
paraboliser	parabolisai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
déstabiliser	déstabilises	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
peigner	peignent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
pyrolyser	pyrolysâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
rencontrer	rencontrez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
descomforter	descomfort	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
dérouter	déroutèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
transir	transisse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
moderniser	modernisions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
fleurdelyser	fleurdelysèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
adeser	adies	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
empirer	empirait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
décrocher	décrocherons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
parçonner	parçonneront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
flasher	flashai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
mustrer	mustré	V.PTCP;PST;french
dogmatiser	dogmatisassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
descupler	descuples	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
apposer	apposerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
survirer	surviriez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
immuniser	immunisaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
chaudronner	chaudronneraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
mendier	mendié	V.PTCP;PST;french
capitaliser	capitalisèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
osteler	ostelant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
cosser	en cossant	V.CVB;PRS;french
réinitialiser	réinitialisez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
régaler	régalais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
talonner	talonnerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
appréhender	appréhendas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
crisser	crisserait	V;COND;3;SG;french
douer	douerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
déparler	déparliez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
entrainer	entrainiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
effondrer	effondrerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
itérer	itèrerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
dénoncer	dénoncions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
pelletiser	pelletisiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
recoloniser	recolonisais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
bancqueter	bancqueteriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
cosser	cossassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
désennuyer	désennuyas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ordonnancer	ordonnanciez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ensanglanter	ensanglantassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
éveiller	éveillerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
jauger	jauge	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
récurer	récurerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
commuter	commuterait	V;COND;3;SG;french
carburer	carburerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
décorer	décorez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
lover	loves	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
farfouiller	farfouillons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
déterrer	déterrassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
uriner	urine	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
commissionner	commissionnerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
atorner	atornastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
confisquer	confisque	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
esricher	esricheroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
sous-classer	sous-classasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
essaier	essaias	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ménager	ménageassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
tourbillonner	tourbillonna	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
esbaneier	esbaneions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
encliner	enclinera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
autogérer	autogérais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
affuter	affuterons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
abdiquer	abdiqua	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
dispatcher	dispatcherions	V;COND;1;PL;french
sangler	sanglais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
nantir	nantîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
métamorphiser	métamorphisât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
égarer	égarâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
jumeler	jumelassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
expurger	expurgeai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
humilier	humiliassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
réunir	réunis	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
deguiser	deguiseroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
doucher	douche	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
bégueter	béguetions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
fertiliser	fertiliserais	V;COND;2;SG;french
abandouner	abandounerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
hurter	hurtez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
aérer	aèrera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
porpenser	porpenseriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
nonbrer	nonbrez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
sous-entendre	sous-entendîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
enchainer	enchainions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
grailler	graillâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
interagir	interagissent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
quémander	quémandassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
starifier	starifierai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
vouloir	veuilles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
picoler	picole	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
concaténer	concaténas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
amoindrir	amoindrant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
volleyer	volleyons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
fuir	fuisses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
étriper	étripasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
craqueter	en craquetant	V.CVB;PRS;french
aniser	anise	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
barboter	barbotassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
reguarder	reguarderas	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
achromatiser	achromatise	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
abâteler	abâteles	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
gouger	gougeas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
hausser	haussassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
décocher	décochent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
anuller	anullasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
réhydrater	réhydratais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
recoillir	recoilloient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
marcher	marchai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
dépeupler	dépeuplasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
réapprendre	réapprendrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
anuier	anuiastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
engoler	engolas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
sufler	suflons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
gouacher	gouachasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
surplomber	surplombât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
déchanter	déchantât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
balbutier	balbutions	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
prémunir	prémunis	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
parodier	parodient	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
dégrader	dégrades	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
départementaliser	départementalisasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
minéraliser	minéralisa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
pâtisser	pâtissions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
mistificar	mistificaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
abraçar	abraces	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sorver	sorvais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ressaltar	ressaltemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
buscar	buscarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
desfraldar	desfraldámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mimir	mimis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
desmistificar	desmistificaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
colar	coláramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
obrigar	obrigarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
morgar	morgar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
abalienar	abalienará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
governar	governara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
acarretar	acarretaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
degradar	degrade	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
traficar	traficarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
rebatizar	rebatizasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aclamar	aclame	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
saturar	saturem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
faxinar	faxines	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
atentar	atentados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
investigar	investigaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
unctar	unctai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
amorenar	amorenarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
boicotar	boicotardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
entelhar	entelháramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
esgravatar	esgravate	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
exceller	excelleres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vulgarizar	vulgarizarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
acortinar	acortines	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
apertar	apertarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
descarnar	descarneis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
blasonar	blasonando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
sinalizar	sinaliza	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
selectar	selectarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
pecar	pecado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
entregar	entregue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
salpicar	salpicávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
conspurcar	conspurcava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
revoltar	revoltasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tintar	tintavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tresler	tresleram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
duchar	duchem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
evitar	evitaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
gozar	goze	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
permitir	permitira	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
comendar	comendariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
delinear	delinearão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
acalentar	acalentarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
despir	despirás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
desoxidar	desoxidariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
apoiar	apoiaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
tremular	tremulai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
inscrever	inscrevessem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
teleportar	teleporte	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
tentar	tentavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
topar	topeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
concatenar	concatenam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
estatuir	estatuas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
lisonjar	lisonjaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
constituir	constituir	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
definhar	definhados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
delir	delir	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
atanazar	atanazastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
alternar	alternado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
minutar	minutassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lesar	lesas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
enternecer	enterneçamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
titilar	titilai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
desligar	desligará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
propagar	propagáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
derruir	derruía	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
eclipsar	eclipsavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
deificar	deificares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
coordenar	coordenava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
alistar	alistara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
acclarar	acclararemos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
fartar	fartardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
problematizar	problematizardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
suspeitar	suspeitávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
afundar	afundarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
judiar	judiamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
temperar	temperaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
desfiar	desfiar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
semear	semeávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
salvaguardar	salvaguardes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
convencionar	convencionásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
alambicar	alambiquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
exercer	exercerás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
descongelar	descongele	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
offerecer	offereçamos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dissipar	dissipeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
banalizar	banalizeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
aliciar	aliciaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
imigrar	imigraríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
milhar	milharam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
onerar	onereis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
agendar	agendáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
incentivar	incentivar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
chegar	chegar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
desempoar	desempoamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
sucumbir	sucumbido	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
converter	convertais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sacrificar	sacrificam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
guardar	guardaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
adocicar	adocicariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
mourejar	mourejaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
respigar	respiga	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
amolecer	amolecêramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
suplementar	suplementaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
arrancar	arrancasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
triturar	triturariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
prostrar	prostrasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
convencionar	convenciones	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
exorcizar	exorcizamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
pausar	pausadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
besuntar	besunte	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
valer	valendo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
sovar	sovámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
recolher	recolhamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
monopolizar	monopolizeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
flabelar	flabelou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
prejudicar	prejudicai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
decuplicar	decupliquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
afazendar	afazendaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
enlaçar	enlaçaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
prantear	pranteáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
machucar	machucásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
enfeitar	enfeitáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
planar	planar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
inerir	iniras	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ceder	cederas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
perdoar	perdoaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
dialogar	dialogaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
aguar	aguarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
venerar	venerarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
dirigir	dirigem	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
conspirar	conspirados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
despedaçar	despedaçardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
calar	calemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
aprumar	aprumarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
velejar	velejarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
modelar	modeláveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
estremecer	estremeças	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
esporar	esporarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
nacionalizar	nacionalizardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
devotar	devotásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bater	bateria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
rir	rirdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
complexar	complexem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
arejar	arejaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
repartir	reparti	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
auscultar	auscultardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
enrolar	enrolavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
capinar	capinassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aparentar	aparentares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ceder	cederiam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
empreitar	empreitaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
difratar	difrataste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
suportar	suportávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
artificializar	artificializasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
sombrear	sombreáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
problematizar	problematizar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
estenographar	estenographei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
teorizar	teorizáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
insultar	insultadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
biotransformar	biotransformem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
destruir	destruíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
chover	choverias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
acoplar	acoplardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
tiranizar	tiranizarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
transcrever	transcrevermos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vacilar	vacilarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
chuviscar	chuviscáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
pernoutar	pernoutara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mastigar	mastigaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
bainhar	bainheis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
desmotivar	desmotivada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
chocalhar	chocalharas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
coletar	coletei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
estandardizar	estandardizar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
replicar	replicares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
xonar	xona	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
desdemocratizar	desdemocratizaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
berrar	berrada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
aquecer	aquecêreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
averiguar	averiguaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
metter	metteres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
decompor	decomporá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
criar	criares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
recriar	recriemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
fatorar	fatorem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
grunhir	grunhida	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
esgotar	esgotarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
deduzir	deduziríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
damnar	damnará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
abalroar	abalroais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
decidir	decidas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
amortecer	amorteceram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
niquelar	niquelarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
taxiar	taxiarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ablaquear	ablaqueávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
beneficiar	beneficiava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
amaldiçoar	amaldiçoava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
recomeçar	recomeceis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
degelar	degelarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
objetar	objetando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
entabuar	entabuemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
capitular	capitularmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
comportar	comportem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
rechaçar	rechaçásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
comprar	comprem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
imobilizar	imobilizados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
zipar	zipemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
atochar	atochei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
batalhar	batalhares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rejeitar	rejeitaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
desproteger	desprotegesse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
afinar	afinaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
vir	venhais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
debochar	debochar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
rebaixar	rebaixáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
estar	estás	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
alardear	alardeavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
acidificar	acidificarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
exteriorizar	exteriorizar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
apontar	apontarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
arquivar	arquivemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
emboscar	emboscarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
escolarizar	escolarizaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
gostar	gostaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
regatear	regateeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
regenerar	regeneráreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
aerar	aeravas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
amortizar	amortizo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
facultar	facultarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
preferir	prefiram	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
instanciar	instanciavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rastrear	rastreava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desandar	desandemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
gatunar	gatunemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ensurdecer	ensurdecido	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
desjejuar	desjejues	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
encestar	encestares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
tintar	tinte	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
comover	comoveres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
expedir	expedísseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desfarçar	desfarce	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
solucionar	soluciones	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
flabelar	flabelem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
tumultuar	tumultuou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
relutar	relutai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
sublinhar	sublinharíeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
subsistir	subsistam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
alojar	alojarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
intersetar	intersetássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fracionar	fraciones	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
adiar	adiem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
perfolhear	perfolheareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
tramar	tramarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
rogar	rogássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
revelar	revele	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sujeitar	sujeites	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ordenar	ordenará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
decolar	decoles	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
transpor	transpuser	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
maldizer	maldiga	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
coser	coseriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
protuberar	protuberava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
focar	foque	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
embaraçar	embaraçaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
desarrumar	desarrumeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
falcoar	falcoará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
hispanizar	hispanizáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
gozar	gozassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
escalonar	escalonai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
infiltrar	infiltrando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
amaynar	amaynarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
sintonizar	sintonizarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
jejuar	jejuaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
arrancar	arrancaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
sapear	sapeadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
executar	executássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
secar	seques	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
assoberbar	assoberbo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
quarentenar	quarentenasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
catalisar	catalise	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
xingar	xingam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
estrumar	estrumada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
triangular	triangulassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
genuflectir	genuflectiras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
contemplar	contemplavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
chatear	chateemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
esgravatar	esgravatásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
moshar	moshe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
emitir	emitido	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
rodar	rodarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
faturar	faturou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ensurdecer	ensurdeçamos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
sobreviver	sobreviveriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
atapetar	atapeteis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
inundar	inunde	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
perguntar	perguntamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
entediar	entediando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
espancar	espancando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
cursar	curse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
amenizar	amenizaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aceitar	aceitássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
leiloar	leiloaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
repugnar	repugnar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
desposar	desposará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
furtar	furtásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desabilitar	desabilitai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
aglutinar	aglutinemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
instituir	instituais	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
offrecer	offrecidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
desagravar	desagravássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
arterializar	arterializemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
dignar	dignasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
reputar	reputaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
posicionar	posicionara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
concatenar	concatenarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
conseguir	conseguirás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
estetizar	estetize	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
mutilar	mutiláramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
promulgar	promulgas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
regularizar	regularizas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
afiançar	afiançará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
relutar	relutemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
descompor	descompunham	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
apocopar	apocopareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
calcar	calcado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
reverter	reverteres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
finar	finarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
tolerar	tolerardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
cumprimentar	cumprimentarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
excepcionar	excepcionar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
instalar	instalar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
amorenar	amorenarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
difratar	difratado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
preceituar	preceituar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
chapinhar	chapinharia	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
espaçar	espacem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
pulverizar	pulverizes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
zumbificar	zumbificámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
arabizar	arabize	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
pastar	pastassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lamuriar	lamuriastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
drapejar	drapejei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
gargalhar	gargalhai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ressoar	ressoes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
declamar	declamardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
encaracolar	encaracolada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
derreter	derretias	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bailar	bailámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
friccionar	friccionar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
reciclar	reciclamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
demonstrar	demonstrar	V;NFIN;portuguese
propagar	propagasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
esquentar	esquenteis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
manjar	manjaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aureolar	aureolardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
neutralizar	neutralizaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
amputar	amputarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
perpetuar	perpetuaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
culminar	culminarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
salientar	saliente	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
farejar	farejas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
falir	faliremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
golpear	golpearíeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
sumular	sumulemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
alfaiatar	alfaiatásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desbotar	desbotaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
aclamar	aclame	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
tornar	tornaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
nanar	nanada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
desossar	desossara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
estanhar	estanhará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
engrossar	engrossamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
estralar	estralastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
empanturrar	empanturrar	V;NFIN;portuguese
trovoar	trovoe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
espetar	espetaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
solubilizar	solubilizem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
oprimir	oprimisse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
deferir	deferirei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
convulsionar	convulsionam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
assanhar	assanheis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
devotar	devotava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
solicitar	solicitares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
atemorizar	atemorizara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
soldar	soldem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
engaiolar	engaiolei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
acerbar	acerbáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
relacionar	relacionastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
entusiasmar	entusiasmadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
tarraxar	tarraxarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
acanhar	acanhes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
locar	locar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
bainhar	bainharia	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
genufletir	genuflita	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
consumar	consumar	V;NFIN;portuguese
partir	parta	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
absceder	abscedemos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
contrapesar	contrapesardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
surripiar	surripiariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
esgravatar	esgravatara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ensangüentar	ensangüentarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
despachar	despachavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
retesar	retesem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
postar	postou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
rotacionar	rotacionarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
poupar	pouparem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
enxertar	enxertaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
embrulhar	embrulhas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
protestar	protestaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
amaynar	amaynarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
sobrar	sobreis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
figurar	figurem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
triplicar	triplicar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ruir	ruírem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
florescer	florescermos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
systematizar	systematizarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
comprar	compravas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
regular	regulou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
poluir	poluas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
quedar	quedar	V;NFIN;portuguese
circular	circulemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
succeder	succederás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
esbofetear	esbofeteas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
sancionar	sancionando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
foder	foder	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
recair	recaiamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
aprestar	aprestaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
umedecer	umedeci	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
consolidar	consolidem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
cristianizar	cristianizem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
mimir	mimir	V;NFIN;portuguese
enlaçar	enlaçaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
wikificar	wikifiquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
julgar	julgásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
afogar	afogar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
especificar	especificardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
minuciar	minuciavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
quarentenar	quarentenado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
transbordar	transbordardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
fugir	fugira	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
luctar	luctaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
empestear	empesteariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
vigiar	vigie	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
rectificar	rectifiqueis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
reforçar	reforçasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
urdir	urdísseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
espionar	espionarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
compulsar	compulsaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
aventurar	aventurariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
tactear	tacteados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
boxear	boxeiem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
desproteger	desprotegerá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
acalentar	acalentáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
revolver	revolverás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
baralhar	baralhares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
remover	removeríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
subvencionar	subvencionavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
defumar	defumaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
fissionar	fissionarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
sabotar	sabotarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
velar	velou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
avariar	avariemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
calcar	calcasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rapelar	rapelamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
eclipsar	eclipse	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
charquear	charqueemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
assoprar	assoprar	V;NFIN;portuguese
arrecear	arreceiam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
brunir	brunes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
refrigerar	refrigerar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
desgostar	desgostai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
laminar	laminaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
sujar	sujardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
arrebentar	arrebentadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
emocionar	emocionara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
abarcar	abarcarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
reler	relede	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
repisar	repisares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
excretar	excretavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
abortar	abortaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
fumar	fumar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
prognosticar	prognosticar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
tagarelar	tagarele	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
bastar	bastam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
satisfazer	satisfaziam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aplaudir	aplaudirmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
imanar	imane	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
misturar	misturaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
facturar	facture	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
pelar	pelamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
desovar	desovem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
nanar	nanásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
franquear	franquear	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
dosar	dose	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
botanizar	botanizai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
pilhar	pilhariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
metabolizar	metabolizar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
rebuscar	rebusque	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
sagrar	sagrais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
amolecer	amolecessem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
surrar	surradas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
metralhar	metralhará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
arroxear	arroxearás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
generalizar	generalizar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
despedaçar	despedacem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
tender	tenderdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
consignar	consignásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
resplandecer	resplandecia	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
emigrar	emigraram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
embotar	embotavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
trovejar	trovejará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
exigir	exigimos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
alastrar	alastraram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
desperceber	despercebidas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
sobressair	sobressair	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
vastar	vastarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
enraivecer	enraivecêreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
googlar	googlar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
esmigalhar	esmigalhara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mutilar	mutilamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
fervilhar	fervilhara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
depilar	depilei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
absceder	abscedermos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
desapegar	desapegarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
menosprezar	menosprezáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
americanizar	americanizariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
comunicar	comunicar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fortificar	fortificarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
descarrilhar	descarrilhareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
lotear	loteares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
contestar	contestando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
benzer	benzestes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
sinalizar	sinalize	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
decair	decaídos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
doirar	doirem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
envergar	envergariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
proselitizar	proselitizamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
analizar	analizarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
legar	legarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
abrasileirar	abrasileirada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
tirotear	tirotear	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fomentar	fomentaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
inalar	inalaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
invadir	invadir	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
desperceber	desperceberíamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
luctar	lucte	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
acerbar	acerbai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
agoirar	agoiremos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
japonizar	japonizam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
indultar	indultarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
proporcionar	proporcioneis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
proibir	proibistes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
porfiar	porfiar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
acolher	acolhêssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
açucarar	açucararíamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
exortar	exortaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
explicar	explicaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
reordenar	reordeno	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
aparecer	aparecíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
extasiar	extasiaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
perseguir	persigam	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
calcificar	calcifiques	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
regular	regulará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
tactear	tactearam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
obstruir	obstruíra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
rir	risse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
descamar	descamaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
acompanhar	acompanhariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
afundir	afunda	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
redefinir	redefinir	V;NFIN;portuguese
amanteigar	amanteigastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
segmentar	segmentarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
afundir	afundimos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tumultuar	tumultuaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
disparar	disparáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
imolar	imolada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
propagar	propagues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ostentar	ostentas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
seqüestrar	seqüestrares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
borbulhar	borbulhai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
secretar	secretar	V;NFIN;portuguese
atanazar	atanazados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
açacalar	açacalámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
buzinar	buzinaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
borrar	borrai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
aligeirar	aligeiravam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
acumular	acumule	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
lacrimejar	lacrimejares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
podar	podes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
acervar	acervavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
orlar	orláreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
anteceder	anteceder	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dormitar	dormitarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
amedorentar	amedorenteis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ramificar	ramificava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
remar	rema	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
rolar	rolares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
apartar	apartáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
desvalorizar	desvalorizes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
significar	significar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
catalogar	catalogas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
varar	vararas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
esganar	esganavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
confortar	confortardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
exibir	exibir	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
atinar	atinavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
passarinhar	passarinhar	V;NFIN;portuguese
escapulir	escapulirei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
esquecer	esquecerem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
instruir	instrua	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
atentar	atentaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
bastar	bastes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
formar	formo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
arrombar	arrombaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sibilar	sibilava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tergiversar	tergiversara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
miscrar	miscrares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
choramingar	choramingaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
approvar	approvei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aromatizar	aromatize	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
terminar	terminaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
engomar	engomem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
exacerbar	exacerbadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
amanteigar	amanteigaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
balouçar	balouçadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
obrigar	obrigasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
imiscuir	imiscua	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
contentar	contentássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
escovar	escove	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
teletransportar	teletransporte	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
filiar	filiarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
advocar	advoquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sedar	sedardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
voar	voem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
filiar	filiarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
espancar	espancar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
processar	processaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
residir	residis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
noticiar	noticiáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
avisar	avisemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
remeter	remetais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
rejuvenescer	rejuvenescemos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
injetar	injetáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
esfarelar	esfarelaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
lamuriar	lamuriaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
conquistar	conquistai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
decidir	decidires	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
resignar	resignarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
tirotear	tirotearem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
agourar	agoureis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
guisar	guisar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
acreditar	acreditar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
constatar	constatemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
amansar	amansaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
empalidecer	empalidece	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
precipitar	precipitardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
afundar	afundaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
esganar	esganara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
algemar	algemei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
estridular	estriduláveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lisonjear	lisonjeemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
abrandar	abrandam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
alfabetizar	alfabetizando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
derruir	derruiriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
mirrar	mirrarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
inhibir	inhibe	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
desproporcionar	desproporcionar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
aniquilar	aniquilaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
desprezar	desprezaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
amotinar	amotinardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
vermelhar	vermelhassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
procriar	procriai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
caber	coubéreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
baralhar	baralhas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
engraçar	engraçamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
barbear	barbeamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
desculpar	desculpáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
embrenhar	embrenhemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
pausar	pausara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
engraçar	engraçasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
retificar	retificai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
tunar	tunada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
revistar	revistares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ilhar	ilhar	V;NFIN;portuguese
ablegar	ablega	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
alijar	alijamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
aparentar	aparentada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
irar	ire	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
chilrear	chilreando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
influenciar	influenciem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
substanciar	substanciarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
recalcitrar	recalcitro	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
refrear	refreardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
antitetizar	antitetizastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
usufruir	usufruímos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
nomear	nomear	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
afirmar	afirmou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
continuar	continuas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
offrecer	offreceriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
zarpar	zarpe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
aclimatar	aclimatares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
googlar	googlareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
almoedar	almoedem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
reprimir	reprimiríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
reclamar	reclamamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
despencar	despencaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
anotar	anotares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
culpar	culpassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
detonar	detone	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
exilar	exiles	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
gabar	gabasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desgraçar	desgraçáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sair	saíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
datilografar	datilografasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ponhar	ponhados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
vitimar	vitima	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
decepar	decepes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
applicar	applicariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
abjurar	abjuráveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
inicializar	inicializará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
certificar	certifique	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
tumefazer	tumefaças	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
apagar	apagarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
inundar	inundaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
planejar	planejáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
internacionalizar	internacionalizada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
arrebentar	arrebentáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
fabricar	fabriquei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
engaiolar	engaiole	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
teorizar	teorizavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
triplicar	triplicava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
romper	rompia	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
soçobrar	soçobraria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
vitimizar	vitimizaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
datar	datar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
systematizar	systematizavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
esclarecer	esclarecêramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
agrilhoar	agrilhoaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
carpir	carpistes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
continuar	continuásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
sangrar	sangrar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
mergulhar	mergulharia	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
saltear	salteastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aquaplanar	aquaplanastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
desabalroar	desabalroadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ofegar	ofegai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
corrigir	corrigidas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
extrair	extraía	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bulhar	bulhais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
testemunhar	testemunhará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
sonambular	sonambulava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
atear	ateastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
açoutar	açoutariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
apodizar	apodizaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
embrulhar	embrulhar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
menosprezar	menosprezaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aliviar	aliviar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
regurgitar	regurgitássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
niquelar	niquelaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
soprar	soprem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
rogar	rogam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
rir	riais	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
brilhar	brilhemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
amassar	amassar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
zoiar	zoiareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
incinerar	incinerardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
auferir	auferíssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
necessitar	necessite	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
manusear	manuseares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
delatar	delatasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
refrigerar	refrigerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
abocanhar	abocanhariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
criar	criariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
rebuscar	rebuscou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
retardar	retardáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
enfardar	enfardáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
demitir	demitirmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
cegar	cegaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
truncar	truncáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
espancar	espancarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
cavar	cavara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
terminar	terminas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
expectorar	expectoreis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
prostituir	prostituirdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
acenar	acenariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
arrazoar	arrazoarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
pedir	pedir	V;NFIN;portuguese
provar	provares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
debulhar	debulham	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
amortizar	amortizareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
maltratar	maltratarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
legar	legarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
eclipsar	eclipsaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
pasteurizar	pasteurizada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
aloirar	aloire	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
prover	proverdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
derreter	derretas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
alargar	alargávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
responsabilizar	responsabilizara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
tecer	tecida	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
firmar	firmastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
recrutar	recrutava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
encalhar	encalharias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
determinar	determinaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
arrepender	arrependerias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
tacar	tacarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
corrigir	corrigira	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
bufar	bufasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vaguear	vagueastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
hospitalizar	hospitalize	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
investigar	investigaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
almoedar	almoedarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
introduzir	introduzirão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
enxotar	enxotastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
estabilizar	estabilizássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
debochar	debochem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
desintegrar	desintegradas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
tresandar	tresandes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
vincular	vinculando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
demorar	demora	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
listar	listava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
submeter	submeteram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
galgar	galgáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
banhar	banharíeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
presentear	presenteia	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
implorar	implorarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
idear	ideássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
apoucar	apoucardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
amolgar	amolgar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
amolgar	amolgares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
imanar	imanado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
deitar	deitássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
construir	construíssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
destrinçar	destrinçará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
retratar	retratavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
decolar	decoláramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
resplandescer	resplandescendo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
repousar	repousaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
tripular	tripulaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
nacionalizar	nacionalizar	V;NFIN;portuguese
prestar	prestem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
retratar	retratara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
inibir	iniba	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
enfiar	enfiar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
exceder	excederia	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
incisar	incisará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
palear	palear	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
desvalorizar	desvalorizemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
comichar	comicharia	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
encestar	encestais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
predominar	predomine	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
apodrecer	apodrecera	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
refinar	refine	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
arranhar	arranhareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
desposar	desposaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
photographar	photographava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
reconstituir	reconstitua	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sufocar	sufoquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
notificar	notificas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
quedar	quedar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
superestimar	superestimaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
estrangular	estrangular	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
plainar	plainem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
fabricar	fabrica	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
supor	suponham	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
fazer	fará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
pré-datar	pré-date	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
abominar	abominarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
efectuar	efectuemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
mostrar	mostrava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
scintilar	scintilemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
atochar	atochará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
lembrar	lembrasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
direcionar	direcionaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
pincelar	pincelais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
funccionar	funccionares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
oxigenar	oxigenasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xonar	xones	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
imolar	imolais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
decapitar	decapitardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
empalidecer	empalideceremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
gotejar	gotejáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
relinchar	relinchares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
invectivar	invectivares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
trancar	tranquemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
triunfar	triunfardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
esmigalhar	esmigalharia	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
apavorar	apavorámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
gracitar	gracitaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
repugnar	repugnaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
apegar	apegando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
registrar	registrássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cuidar	cuidardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
injungir	injunja	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
suavizar	suaviza	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
aguilhoar	aguilhoes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
tanger	tanjam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
pincelar	pincelarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
mandar	mandar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
apertar	apertado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
maximizar	maximizas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
desabotoar	desabotoáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
discernir	discernisse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aprontar	aprontem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
tascar	tascavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
encobrir	encubrais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
calcar	calcássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
grafitar	grafita	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
deyxar	deyxámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
treinar	treinamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
abocanhar	abocanharem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
estagiar	estagiaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
desproteger	desprotegeremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
esmigalhar	esmigalhaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
desbastar	desbastareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
tutear	tutear	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
tensionar	tensionavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
gorgolejar	gorgoleje	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
costurar	costurara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
chacinar	chacinava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
teclar	teclarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
obtemperar	obtemperaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
solucionar	solucionarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
organizar	organize	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
masturbar	masturbe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
reger	regeria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
arrumar	arrumasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
arrasar	arrasaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
reformular	reformulávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
conservar	conservava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
exultar	exultássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
encorrer	encorrêreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
pressentir	pressentiste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
trautear	trauteará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
aureolar	aureolara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
rescaldar	rescaldo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
sedimentar	sedimentem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
esmagar	esmagam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
engajar	engajem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
cabecear	cabecearem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
imolar	imolemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
teleportar	teleportará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
evolar	evolasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vermelhar	vermelhando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
abranger	abrangerdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
reocorrer	reocorrei	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
clicar	clicadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
alongar	alongada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
kickar	kicke	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
coletar	coletados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
conversar	conversáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
economizar	economizados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
arrematar	arrematem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
saltear	salteávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
remediar	remediares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
espanholizar	espanholizeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
classificar	classifique	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
listar	listamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
devassar	devassemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
acentuar	acentueis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
embrenhar	embrenhares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
exumar	exumaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
inhibir	inhibir	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
assanhar	assanhasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
escandir	escanda	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
cacarejar	cacarejarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fazer	fazermos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
coordenar	coordenara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
diluir	diluamos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
aureolar	aureolarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
caraterizar	caraterizares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
encarcerar	encarceremos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
decepar	decepávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bioacumular	bioacumulavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
sintonizar	sintonizava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
salvar	salvaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
bocejar	bocejemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
bendizer	bendigais	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
certificar	certifique	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
adular	adulemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
cobrar	cobrava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
trinchar	trinchara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
desfazer	desfaçam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
reformar	reformou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
trissecar	trissequei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
escarnecer	escarneceste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
caraterizar	caraterizasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vingar	vingaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
remexer	remexeriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
romper	rompem	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
brilhar	brilhe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
gesticular	gesticulassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
decretar	decrete	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ovillus	ovillī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
trygon	trȳgōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
largio	largīvissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
compenso	compensāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
comperio	comperīrer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
praeservio	praeserviēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
undivagus	undivagō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
immitto	immittēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
abbacino	abbacināveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
obsigno	obsignem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
fraeno	fraenāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
subiungo	subiungitō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
antepono	antepōnēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
laquear	laqueāria	N;NOM;PL;latin
exacerbo	exacerbet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
hibrida	hibridae	N;VOC;PL;latin
incipio	incipiēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
nostraticus	nostraticōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
acrodontus	acrodontīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
interemo	interemerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
optabilis	optābile	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
obnuntio	obnūntiārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
deeo	deībimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
incitamentum	incitāmentō	N;ABL;SG;latin
libertinus	lībertīnī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
iniurius	iniūriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
iaponicus	iaponicī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
leucophaeatus	leucophaeata	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
calcium	calciīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
malleo	malleāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
aequus	aequī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
periclitabundus	perīclitābundārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
complico	complicāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
cogitabundus	cōgitābunde	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
clypeo	clypeātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
almus	alma	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
bohemicus	bohemicās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
judico	jūdicābāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
littus	littus	N;VOC;SG;latin
exheredo	exhērēdābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
recreo	recreentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
commando	commanduntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
occubo	occubētis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
instructura	īnstructūrā	N;ABL;SG;latin
confercio	conferciunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
prologus	prōlogō	N;ABL;SG;latin
columbianus	columbianae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
annuo	annuuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
compilo	compīlāverātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
reverberatio	reverberātiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
transfiguro	trānsfigūrāverimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
protervior	protervius	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
quietantia	quiētantiae	N;GEN;SG;latin
publico	pūblicārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
formidolosissimus	formīdolōsissimō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
balicus	balicae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
praecedo	praecēdātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
socondios	socondiī	N;NOM;PL;latin
benefactor	benefactor	N;VOC;SG;latin
iurator	iūrātōrēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
candidissimus	candidissimō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
praefoco	praefōcāvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
vitabundus	vītābunda	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
avtus	avtās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
peltastes	peltastēn	N;ACC;SG;latin
eiuro	ēiūrābātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
conecto	cōnecte	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
pachyphyllus	pachyphylla	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
invitus	invīta	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
recedo	recēdite	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
refoveo	refōverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
asportatio	asportātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
inpugno	inpugnārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
abligurrio	abligūrrīrentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
catus	catum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
conglutino	conglūtināverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
praerogativus	praerogātīve	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
Christianus	Christiānī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
opprimo	opprimerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
enumero	ēnumerāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
albiventris	albiventria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
lutetianus	lutetianārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
obstrepo	obstrepent	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
sollemnitas	sollemnitās	N;VOC;SG;latin
conquesto	conquestābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
jaculatio	jaculātiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
inconsutilis	inconsūtilibus	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
dominicus	dominicum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
scrupulosus	scrūpulōsōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
conlaboro	conlabōrātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
exolvo	exolverimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
spissitudo	spissitūdō	N;NOM;SG;latin
contumacior	contumāciōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ebriolatus	ēbriolātīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
conpugno	conpugnāre	V;NFIN;latin
atheniensis	athēniensium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
apparatissimus	apparātissimārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
inofficialis	inofficiālia	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
rivalitas	rīvālitātem	N;GEN;SG;latin
segrego	sēgregābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
maturior	mātūriōra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
complexo	complexētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ravus	rāvōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
operimentum	operīmentō	N;ABL;SG;latin
quadripartio	quadripartīminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
taeniatus	taeniātum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ludicrus	lūdicrae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
adfodio	adfoderēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
burkgravius	burkgrāviīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
participo	participāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
deductivus	dēductīvō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ebeninus	ebenina	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
maledicentissimus	maledīcēntissimīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
interpungo	interpungētis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
dissimus	dissimum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
refringo	rēfrēgerat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
cyperus	cypērī	N;NOM;PL;latin
adlevamentum	adlevāmentī	N;GEN;SG;latin
pravitas	prāvitātibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
scruto	scrūtāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
comparativus	comparātīvīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
depreco	dēprecābās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
angusto	angustābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
usura	ūsūrae	N;VOC;PL;latin
attracto	attractās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
pullulo	pullulāvissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
dejugo	dējugāverant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
arcesso	arcessēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
excalceo	excalceāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
dissupo	dissupābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
epilogus	epilogum	N;ACC;SG;latin
consparsio	cōnsparsiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
praefoco	praefōcāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
omnigenus	omnigenās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
siccus	sicca	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
praecuro	praecūrāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
leptophyllus	leptophyllī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
elaboro	ēlabōrābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
pudorosus	pudōrōsō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
conpellatio	conpellātiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
foliaticum	foliāticō	N;DAT;SG;latin
cernuus	cernua	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
retrocedo	retrōcēditis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
progigno	prōgignit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
oregonensis	oregonense	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
linio	linīret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
fucosus	fūcōsī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
culex	culicēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
perjurus	perjūra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
sericatus	sēricātōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
pecuniosissimus	pecūniōsissima	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
rarefacio	rarefaciāmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
rubicundior	rubicundius	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
algosus	algōsa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
meracissimus	merācissimum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
augustior	augustiōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
emano	ēmānentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
thesaurizo	thēsaurizābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
percenseo	percēnsuerītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
rallus	rallō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
songoricus	songoricō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
vastus	vasta	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
decurro	dēcurruntō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
crebritudo	crēbritūdinibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
austronesicus	austronesicō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
renuo	renueram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
subverso	subversāvit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
gentilitius	gentīlitiae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
turquinensis	turquinensem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
provocatrix	prōvocātrīce	N;ABL;SG;latin
inpolitus	inpolītī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
adnuo	adnuerem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
infaustus	īnfaustīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
retego	retegar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
occisio	occīsiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
petisso	petissīvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
immitto	immiseram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
minium	minium	N;NOM;SG;latin
acrolasius	acrolasiī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
obsecundo	obsecundābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
subverto	subvertent	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
undulo	undulās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
cornubicus	cornubicō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
merso	mersāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
complaceo	complacuerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
adaquo	adaquābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
malesanus	malesānōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
coma	comārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
procurro	prōcurrit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
extractum	extractī	N;GEN;SG;latin
sabrinus	sabrinā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
infarcio	īnfarsistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
succingo	succinxērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
celerrimus	celerrimam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
motivus	mōtivōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
cordus	corda	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
crispo	crispābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
exquisitio	exquisitiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
instructor	īnstructōrī	N;DAT;SG;latin
semisomnus	sēmisomnum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
propugno	prōpugnētis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
portendo	portenderit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
longinquus	longinquō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
perfrico	perfricantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
anteverto	anteverterim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
leonatus	leōnātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
triplico	trīplicem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
obtundo	obtundēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
glabrirostris	glabrirostrēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
pertenuis	pertenuēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
adfigo	adfīgātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
craccivorus	craccivora	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
oceanus	ōceanōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
abnuitio	abnuitiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
procreo	prōcreāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
supradico	suprādīcēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
arthriticus	arthrīticī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
vinalis	vīnāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
monstriger	mōnstrigerō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
inexpeditus	inexpedīta	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
colloquium	colloquiōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
oogenesis	ōogenesis	N;NOM;SG;latin
deseco	dēsecābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
persto	perstāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
cernuus	cernuī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
subcrenatus	subcrenatam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
floriger	flōrigerum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
conicus	conicum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
pudibundus	pudibundō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
praetoriolum	praetōriolīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
inpendo	inpendēbātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
iniurus	iniūrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
cacozelus	cacozēlum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
intolerantissimus	intolerāntissimōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
assiduo	assiduābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
pervado	pervāderentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
praesuppono	praesuppōnās	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
praeservio	praeserviātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
hebetudo	hebetūdinēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
oppignero	oppignerātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
honesto	honestāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
infrigido	īnfrīgidāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
decoco	dēcocēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
memoratio	memorātiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
vaco	vacāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
invidus	invidum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ingratissimus	ingrātissimae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
anthropologia	anthrōpologiās	N;ACC;PL;latin
nenia	nēniīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
astruo	astrue	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
condumno	condumnābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
sallio	sallīrētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
harenaceus	harēnāceum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
mandibularis	mandibulāria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
aphractus	āphractōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
frigidissimus	frīgidissima	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
praeposterus	praeposterōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
celero	celerābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
terbium	terbiōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
praenuntio	praenuntiābāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
percio	percīrent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
nummarius	nummāriī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
peruro	perūriminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
oblatio	oblātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
interscribo	interscrībēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
subtexo	subteximinī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
belligero	belligerābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
aldabrensis	aldabrensēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
inspecto	īnspectārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
adrepo	adrēpantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
dejungo	dējungar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
manumissio	manūmissiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
propudium	prōpudiō	N;ABL;SG;latin
pakistanensis	pakistanensem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
teliger	tēligera	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
irinus	īrinum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
pupa	pūpās	N;ACC;PL;latin
caerulus	caerulus	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
inveho	invehimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
interturbo	interturber	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
scelero	scelerāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
recurvo	recurvābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
septennium	septennium	N;NOM;SG;latin
bellatorius	bellātōria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
conclave	conclāve	N;ACC;SG;latin
asiaticus	āsiāticus	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
perspicuus	perspicuī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
democratia	dēmocratiae	N;VOC;PL;latin
luteolus	lūteolum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
semita	sēmita	N;NOM;SG;latin
disjurgium	disjurgium	N;VOC;SG;latin
semigro	sēmigrārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
praerogativus	praerogātīvum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
paegniarius	paegniāriō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
uncinus	uncīnōs	N;ACC;PL;latin
romanicus	rōmānicō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
osculatio	osculātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
galericulum	galēriculī	N;GEN;SG;latin
triangulum	triangula	N;NOM;PL;latin
paucimaculatus	paucimaculātārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
assula	assula	N;VOC;SG;latin
coniuro	coniūrābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
myrtifolius	myrtifoliae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
claustellum	claustella	N;NOM;PL;latin
obnoxius	obnoxiō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
californiensis	californiensī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
adcurro	adcucurrī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
attrecto	attrectāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
peropportunus	peropportūnum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
praecipio	praecēperātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
auriginosus	aurīginōsī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
pinnaculum	pinnāculōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
perstillo	perstillārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
crimino	crīmināvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
defetigo	dēfetīgāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
aggenero	aggenerent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
reformido	reformīdat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
rescribo	rescrībentur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
maculipennis	maculipennēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
perpaucus	perpaucīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
offex	officēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
praesaepio	praesaepsistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
sion	sion	N;VOC;SG;latin
coinquino	coinquinor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
incomptior	incomptiōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
cometa	comētae	N;DAT;SG;latin
vindemiola	vīndēmiolam	N;ACC;SG;latin
adrideo	adrīdērēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
volito	volitārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
indulco	indulcābor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
clodus	clōdum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
corresuscito	corresuscitāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
bombus	bombō	N;DAT;SG;latin
consulo	cōnsuluerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
scordion	scordion	N;NOM;SG;latin
averrunco	āverruncētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
inparatus	inparātae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
exolesco	exolēvissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
brevisetus	brevisētī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
venenifer	venēnifera	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
scutulatus	scutulātōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
vigia	vigiam	N;ACC;SG;latin
turdus	turdus	N;NOM;SG;latin
festinabundus	festīnābundās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
abalieno	abaliēnābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
exuro	exusseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
picus	pīcīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
eiuro	ēiūrāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
tonsio	tōnsiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
refuto	refūtārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
dorsum	dorsōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
hypogaeus	hypogaeō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
inrogo	inroget	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
extermino	extermināveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
elicio	ēliciēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
columbarium	columbāria	N;VOC;PL;latin
moschatus	moschātō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
inconsummatus	inconsummātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
festinus	festīnōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
affinitas	affīnitātēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
delibro	dēlibrārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
infusco	īnfuscābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
exoro	exōrāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
hydrogenum	hydrogenum	N;ACC;SG;latin
districtus	districtae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
sallio	sallīvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
sarcinatus	sarcinātī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
perungo	perunxerāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
respergo	rēspersit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
contemero	contemerārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
penuarius	penuāria	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
conlaboro	conlabōrentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
interiungo	interiungēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
familiarissimus	familiārissime	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
sabucus	sabūcō	N;ABL;SG;latin
aduncus	aduncum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
deiectio	dēiectiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
exulto	exultāvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
polabicus	polabica	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
abductio	abductiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
genuinus	genuīna	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
daemonicus	daemonica	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
modestus	modestae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
abscondeo	abscondērēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ambages	ambāgēs	N;VOC;SG;latin
revideo	revidēmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
neonatus	neonātō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
plagio	plagiāvissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
dispertio	dispertīverant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
promptior	prōmptiōrēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
pius	pius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
confidentia	cōnfīdentia	N;NOM;SG;latin
definitivus	dēfīnītīvum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
sinuosus	sinuōsō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
olenticetum	olenticētum	N;ACC;SG;latin
psaltes	psaltae	N;VOC;PL;latin
ligamentosus	ligāmentōsī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ignavia	ignāvia	N;NOM;SG;latin
lorico	lōrīcāvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
dolium	dōliīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
corycus	cōrycī	N;GEN;SG;latin
iubilo	iūbilābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
iugulo	iugulārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
inpono	inpōnentur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
sallio	sallīrent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
impeditissimus	impedītissimī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
remano	remānāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
robustior	rōbustiōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
pervicus	pervicīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
impedio	impediēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
promontorium	prōmontoriō	N;DAT;SG;latin
odibilis	odibilia	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
locito	locitārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
animositas	animōsitātibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
innodo	innōdāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
oscoumbricus	oscoumbricīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
formonsissimus	fōrmōnsissimīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
conflictatio	cōnflictātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
minerale	minerale	N;VOC;SG;latin
adfundo	adfūderis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
expergo	expergissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
succenseo	succēnsēbantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
despecto	dēspectāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
judico	jūdicābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
claudico	claudicābās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
superextendo	superextendēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
adcumbo	adcumbēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
polonicus	polonicōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
fructuosissimus	fructuosissimum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
adflecto	adflectimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
adstringo	adstringet	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
inspergo	īnsperserit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
haeretico	haereticābāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
manifestissimus	manifestissima	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
volgus	volgō	N;DAT;SG;latin
coeptum	coepta	N;ACC;PL;latin
szechuanensis	szechuanensī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
pulmo	pulmōnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
conprehendo	conprehendēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
mandibularis	mandibulārēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
derelinquo	dērelinquor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
perpetuo	perpetuābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
carissimus	cārissima	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
praeconceptus	praeconceptā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
albomarginatus	albomarginātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
quadriiugus	quadriiuga	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
illusio	illūsiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
adlicio	adlexerimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
intromitto	intrōmittuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
consectarius	cōnsectāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
cernentia	cernentiae	N;DAT;SG;latin
attrecto	attrectāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
pancratiastes	pancratiastē	N;VOC;SG;latin
ebibo	ēbibitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
sexhorarius	sexhorariae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
coquinus	coquīnae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
verro	verrātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
chloritis	chlōritidī	N;DAT;SG;latin
praeiacio	praeiaciar	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
galbeus	galbeō	N;DAT;SG;latin
zabolus	zābolōs	N;ACC;PL;latin
fulmino	fulminantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
detego	dēteguntō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
lorico	lōrīcāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
deditio	dēditiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
lascivio	lascīvīvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
nuncupator	nuncupātōribus	N;DAT;PL;latin
brevisetis	brevisētium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
adsigno	adsignēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
utilitas	ūtilitātibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
retrudo	retrūdam	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
apodicticus	apodīcticōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
rotundus	rotundum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
tus	tūra	N;VOC;PL;latin
decerto	dēcertāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
vicissitas	vicissitās	N;NOM;SG;latin
retribuo	retribuunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
remigo	rēmigāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
commentum	commentum	N;VOC;SG;latin
implano	implānārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
oxysepalus	oxysepalum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
repletio	replētiōnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
protego	prōtegiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
procinctus	prōcinctus	N;VOC;SG;latin
decurro	dēcurrisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
relinquo	relinquerem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
semipunctatus	semipunctāta	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
praestruo	praestruant	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
tenuo	tenuāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
penniger	pennigerīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
conquesto	conquestābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
subsido	subsīdam	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
praetermitto	praetermīsissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
hiems	hiemī	N;DAT;SG;latin
intento	intentantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
presbytera	presbyterārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
invocatio	invocātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
discepto	disceptet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
impinguo	impinguāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
Hiberno-Normannicus	Hibērno-Normannicō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
peltatus	peltātam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
cracca	craccīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
enucleatio	ēnūcleātiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
introeo	introīrem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
tribrachus	tribrache	N;VOC;SG;latin
castifico	castificābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
emundatio	ēmundātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
hama	hamīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
batus	batī	N;NOM;PL;latin
dito	dītāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
fetidus	fētidōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
denuntio	dēnuntiābāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
setosus	sētōsō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
nefandus	nefandō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
assigno	assignās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
crepido	crepīdinis	N;GEN;SG;latin
detrimentum	dētrīmentum	N;VOC;SG;latin
recutio	recusserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
facilior	facilior	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
prolixitudo	prōlixitūdinī	N;DAT;SG;latin
subtilissimus	subtīlissime	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
everro	ēverrāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
supputo	supputārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
tabifico	tābificātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
recolo	recolerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
plenus	plēnīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
temero	temerābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
umerus	umerus	N;NOM;SG;latin
praecoquus	praecoquārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
electriso	ēlectrisāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
abiecto	abiectāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
caeliloquus	caeliloquōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
comperio	compererint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
cavallus	cavallīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
citer	citrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
erudio	ērudiēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
abeo	abībam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
macero	māceret	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
reclino	reclīnās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
adtempto	adtemptāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
revoco	revocātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
conlaudo	conlaudēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
rejicio	rējēceris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
natabundus	natābundī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
apo	aperīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
laboro	labōrāte	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
adscisco	adscīsciminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
sepalum	sepalīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
adjuratorius	adjūrātōrie	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
clavatus	clāvātīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
paetulus	paetulī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
costulatus	costulatō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
nuclearis	nūclearibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
scutellatus	scutellāta	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
sphaera	sphaerīs	N;NOM;PL;latin
displico	displicāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
coagmento	coagmentāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
derigo	dērexerīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
flavipunctatus	flavipunctātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
abigeator	abigeātōrī	N;DAT;SG;latin
arrepticius	arreptīciōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
ambedo	ambederentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
angulosus	angulōsum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
arrigo	arrexerimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
clavicornis	clavicorne	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
excubo	excubuissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
styracifluus	styracifluus	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
confidentia	cōnfīdentiārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
falericus	falericum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
perfringo	perfringēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
sandakanensis	sandakanensia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
adtempero	adtemperāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
adaero	adaerārer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
confligatus	conflīgātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
sapphirinus	sapphīrine	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
adguberno	adgubernābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
praesuppono	praesuppōnere	V;NFIN;latin
bajulo	bājulāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
enubo	ēnūbere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
adaucto	adauctābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
haeretico	haereticāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
inlicio	inlicientur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
propono	prōposuisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
superinpendo	superinpenderit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
capnitis	capnītidēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
epigraphicus	epigraphice	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
deminuo	dēminuerēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
inprimo	inpresserimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
socialitas	sociālitāte	N;ABL;SG;latin
formosissimus	fōrmōsissimōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
deripio	dēripimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
immolo	immolētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
discalis	discāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
collido	collīderētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
exuo	exuerītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
costalis	costalēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
perfrigidus	perfrīgidī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
granulosus	grānulōsa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
projicio	prōjēcerim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
castimonia	castīmōniae	N;GEN;SG;latin
lentulus	lentulōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
semicirculus	sēmicircule	N;VOC;SG;latin
concremo	concremātor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
nubifugus	nūbifugās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
tasmanicus	tasmanicō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
propulso	prōpulsāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
vanno	vannerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
levifidus	levifīdī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
inhabito	inhabitāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
collaboro	collabōrantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
felio	fēlīverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
namaquensis	namaquensis	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
6tus	6te	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
praecipio	praecipitor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
obdulco	obdulcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
calipha	caliphās	N;ACC;PL;latin
propino	prōpīnāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
haeretico	haereticābās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
hinnibundus	hinnibundī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
peiero	pēierās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
daedalus	daedalum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
recreo	recreās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
submitto	submittam	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
annosus	annōsās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
vituperabilis	vituperabile	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
opprimo	opprimāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
instrepo	instrepētis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
olfactoriolum	olfactōriolum	N;ACC;SG;latin
multivolus	multivolae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
tuscus	tusca	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
multilineatus	multilineātō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
pio	piābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
consulo	cōnsulantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
intermitto	intermittimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
polygonoides	polygonoīde	N;ABL;SG;latin
stultior	stultiōrēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
neograecus	neograecum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
inpedio	inpedīvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
trilineatus	trilineātō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
levus	levī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
apto	aptābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
consularius	cōnsulārium	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
adigo	adigiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
occisor	occīsor	N;NOM;SG;latin
incinero	incinerābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
exspiro	exspīrāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
confractio	cōnfractiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
gigans	gigāns	N;NOM;SG;latin
tumulatus	tumulātō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
trabeculatus	trabeculatī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
assuo	assuunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
vendibilis	vendibilis	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
lentulus	lentulum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
paedagogianus	paedagōgiānī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
assuefacio	assuēfaciēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
attrecto	attrectāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
adinvenio	adinvenīminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
servio	servīverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
acutior	acūtiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
deseco	dēsecāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
eminentior	ēminentiōrēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
pharoensis	pharoensis	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
superinduo	superinduistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
lixabundus	lixābundās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
funesto	fūnestārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
logarithmicus	logarithmicōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
protubero	prōtūberāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
proxumus	proxumō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
vellico	vellicās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
publica	pūblicā	N;ABL;SG;latin
giganteus	giganteum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
obeo	obībātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
provulgo	provulgārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
provincialis	prōvinciālis	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
nutricius	nūtrīcium	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
cauterio	cautēriāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
dijugo	dījugō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
retentio	retentiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
superexalto	superexaltēmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
protero	prōterāmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
enodo	ēnōdārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
trimembris	trimembre	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
paucissimus	paucissimum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
aereus	aereās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
lignatio	lignātiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
fraudulentus	fraudulentae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
cinericius	cinericium	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
quaestuosior	quaestuōsiōribus	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
commolo	commoliminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
repugno	repugnet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
peremptorius	peremptōriae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
stercoratio	stercorātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
injucundus	injūcundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
Aristoneus	Aristōnēum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
Ravennatus	Ravennātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
praescio	praesciuntō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
arithmetica	arithmēticae	N;DAT;SG;latin
laboro	labōrābātur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
vanitudo	vānitūdinī	N;DAT;SG;latin
inmundus	inmunda	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
furibundus	furibundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
patrius	patriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
justifico	justificābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
obstitus	obstītae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
promulgo	prōmulgābātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
praeoccupo	praeoccupārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
praegusto	praegustāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
conflictatio	cōnflictātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
transmissio	trānsmissiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
exspolio	exspoliō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
inhonestus	inhonestī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
subluo	subluiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
abalieno	abaliēnāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
floccipendo	floccipenderāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
elucido	ēlūcidābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
iento	ientāverant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
pellicio	pellexisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
commonstro	commonstrāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
grandifer	grandiferā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
inhabito	inhabitāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
praedominantia	praedominantiam	N;ACC;SG;latin
horribilissimus	horribilissimōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
dealbo	dealbārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
orthodoxus	orthodoxum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
arcanus	arcānī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
rhoncho	rhonchārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
coxalis	coxāle	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
pede tellurem pulso	pede tellurem pulsāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
grunnio	grunnītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
felicior	fēlīcius	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
atypicus	atypicī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
recondo	recondam	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
convello	convellissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
penetralis	penētrāle	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
sterceia	stercēiās	N;ACC;PL;latin
denuntio	dēnuntiāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
Hiberno-Normannicus	Hibērno-Normannica	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
operosior	operōsiōra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
pellex	pellex	N;NOM;SG;latin
canitia	cānitia	N;VOC;SG;latin
scelero	scelerāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
malivolus	malivolum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
pancratium metrum	pancratiīs metrīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
aurigineus	aurīgineī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
electriso	ēlectriset	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
jocundus	jōcunda	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
impeto	impetīverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
septemviralis	septemvirālis	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
synodontitis	synodontītis	N;NOM;SG;latin
aqueus	aqueī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
iubilatio	iūbilātiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
ficulneus	fīculneam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
adversissimus	adversissimam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
arenivagus	arēnivagum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
fabrefacio	fābrēfacite	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
inconiugus	inconiugōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
tramitto	trāmittimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
appropero	approperem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
coenulentus	coenulentōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
damasonion	damasōnion	N;NOM;SG;latin
consobrinus	cōnsōbrīnōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
sicera	sīceraa	N;ACC;PL;latin
obstupefacio	obstupefacerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
excubo	excubuerant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
confinium	cōnfīniīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
fractio	fractiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
dissimulo	dissimulābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
exupero	exuperātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
spurcissimus	spurcissime	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
sortilegum	sortilegum	N;VOC;SG;latin
absus	absōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
sophus	sopha	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
iudaeicus	iūdaeicae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
bybliopola	bybliopōlārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
citimus	citima	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
infusco	īnfuscārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
obacero	obacerāverātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
optempero	optemperāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
gravedo	gravēdinēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
hettheicus	hettheicum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
exsicco	exsiccer	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
sublimissimus	sublīmissimae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
jubeo	jubeam	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
praematurus	praemātūrā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
turpiloquium	turpiloquia	N;NOM;PL;latin
Casinensis	Casīnēnsem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
chaoyangensis	chaoyangensēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
deturbo	dēturbāvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
volaemum	volaema	N;ACC;PL;latin
luno	lūnās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
dies hebdomadis	diēs hebdomadis	N;NOM;PL;latin
prophetalis	prophētālem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
pelliger	pelligera	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
agrosus	agrōsārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
leviculus	leviculum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
exstillo	exstillāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
coronensis	corōnensium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
acetum	acētum	N;VOC;SG;latin
fluito	fluitābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
absento	absentāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
abolla	abollīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
excerebro	excerēbrent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
iuramentum	iūrāmenta	N;NOM;PL;latin
connecto	connectant	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
podeo	podueram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
convulnero	cōnvulnerābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
alloco	allocābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
jugo	jugābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
ructabundus	ructābundum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
caligatio	cālīgātiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
conisterium	conistērium	N;VOC;SG;latin
ecuadoriensis	ecuadoriensēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
vaporo	vapōrārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
collisio	collīsiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
circumsepio	circumsēpiēbātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
prosto	prōstiterāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
sevoco	sēvocāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
samarensis	samarensia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
uacuus	uacuae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
invoco	invocāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
tricornis	tricorne	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
derigo	dērigiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
exsero	exserunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
complexo	complexābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
cochinensis	cochinense	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
adiugo	adiugābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
substituo	substituuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
convulnero	cōnvulnerāverit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;PRF;latin
attracto	attractāre	V;NFIN;latin
transmontanus	trānsmontānī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
dissupo	dissupāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
delicatior	dēlicātiōris	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
oxysepalus	oxysepalō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
baratrum	baratrōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
cymatium	cȳmatium	N;NOM;SG;latin
penduliflorus	penduliflōrīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
assessus	assessūs	N;NOM;PL;latin
legatorius	lēgātōriī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
perparvus	perparvīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
sumptuarius	sumptuārius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
solearius	soleārī	N;VOC;SG;latin
transporto	trānsportentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
grunnio	grunnīverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
difficillimus	difficillimae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
bacilliformis	bacilliformēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
trio	triōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
sollertissimus	sollertissimōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
renuncio	renunciāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aurosus	aurōsum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
recurro	recurrēmus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
umerus	umerō	N;ABL;SG;latin
ayma	aymae	N;DAT;SG;latin
immergo	immergeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
aggenero	aggenerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
nigrimanus	nigrimanae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
procinctus	prōcinctūs	N;GEN;SG;latin
praecipio	praecēpērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
acrolasius	acrolasiās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
pejero	pējerābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
aspergo	aspergerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
adtondeo	adtondentō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
obstetrico	obstētrīcārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
honorabilis	honōrābilia	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
caryophyllus	caryophylla	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
torminosus	torminōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
adflecto	adflectēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
abjicio	abjēcerant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
pretio	pretiātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
superciliaris	superciliare	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
inlumino	inlūmināvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
nuculeus	nuculeō	N;ABL;SG;latin
famigeratus	fāmigerātō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
technologia	technologiā	N;ABL;SG;latin
adaperio	adaperuissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
inconsideratissimus	inconsīderātissima	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
vibro	vibrārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
echinatior	echinātior	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
conputo	conputāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
perquiro	perquīsīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
laetifico	laetificāverimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
verbosus	verbōsa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
vaecordissimus	vaecordissima	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
inimicissimus	inimīcissima	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
discoperio	discoperiēbātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
inartificiosus	inartificiōsum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
devius	dēvia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
scamnum	scamna	N;VOC;PL;latin
devoco	dēvocēmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
inspectio	īnspectiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
iaculabilis	iaculābilia	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
praecellentissimus	praecellentissimum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
aerius	āeriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
exululo	exululāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
abruptissimus	abruptissimum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
emunio	ēmūniātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
emano	ēmānābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
coeliger	coeligera	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
bavaricus	bavaricī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
attitulo	attitulābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
anthropophagus	anthrōpophagī	N;NOM;PL;latin
decortico	dēcorticor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
volumen	volūmina	N;ACC;PL;latin
acutiglumis	acutiglume	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
lentulus	lentulī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
excio	excītō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
frustro	frūstrābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
proscindo	prōscinderet	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
exubero	exūberābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
trano	trānātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
immanis	immāne	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
consummo	cōnsummantur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
grandicornis	grandicorne	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
quantitativus	quantitativae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
ascensor	ascensōrēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
adiectivus	adiectīva	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
exscensio	exscensiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
muratus	mūrāte	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
supradico	suprādīximus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
investigabilis	investīgābilēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
bromos	bromōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
subulatus	sūbulātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
oppando	oppandēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
transigo	trānsigētis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
adiugo	adiugābāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
insanus	īnsānō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
incommensurabilis	incommēnsūrābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
dactyliotheca	dactyliothēcae	N;DAT;SG;latin
demonstratio	dēmonstrātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
elimo	ēlīmārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
superscando	superscandit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
infreno	īnfrēnāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
superabundo	superabundāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
calcaneum	calcāneum	N;ACC;SG;latin
pacatissimus	pācātissimī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
synonymos	synōnymō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
attempero	attemperābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
desudo	desūdantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
interimo	interimātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
ico	īcitor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
mutus	mūta	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
alphabetum	alphabēta	N;VOC;PL;latin
excreo	excreāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
retexo	reteximur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
horizon	horizontēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
calamitosus	calamitōsō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
insignissimus	īnsignissimō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
scutellatus	scutellātōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
redimo	rediment	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
gabonensis	gabonensium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
exsupero	exsuperantur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
adaquo	adaquābāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
infundo	īnfunderentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
acrophaeus	acrophaea	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
quaestuosissimus	quaestuōsissimī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
lavacrum	lavācra	N;VOC;PL;latin
jacto	jactātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
praetorianus	praetōriāna	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
extrudo	extrūdēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ammordeo	ammorderint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
attondeo	attondētor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
insculpo	insculpserātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
contabulo	contabulēris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
syllogizo	syllogizāvit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
adspectabilis	adspectābilēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
pacio	paciōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
zaplutus	zāplūtum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
cybaeus	cybaea	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
perdecorus	perdecōrārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
fasciculatus	fasciculātī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
petisso	petissentur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
tacitulus	tacitulum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
proscribo	prōscrībāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
sabbatizo	sabbatīzāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
deductivus	dēductīvum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
dedico	dēdicā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
exupero	exuperā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
copiosus	cōpiōsās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
transpono	trānspōnimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
asinarius	asinārie	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
effeto	effētāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ussuriensis	ussuriense	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
plenissimus	plēnissimō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
diffindo	diffinderētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
inauguro	inaugurābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
conpectum	conpectīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
accolo	accoluissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
aequor	aequorum	N;GEN;PL;latin
iurgo	iūrgēmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
ebulinus	ebulīnī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
harenosus	harēnōsī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
dispositor	dispositōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
pede tellurem pulso	pede tellurem pulsāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
cinnamomus	cinnamōmae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
idololatres	īdōlolatrīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
succingo	succingerēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
perimetros	perimetrōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
hypocauston	hypocausta	N;NOM;PL;latin
slavicus	slavicō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
lucusta	lucustae	N;GEN;SG;latin
apluda	āplūdae	N;DAT;SG;latin
sventrare	sventri	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
istillare	istilli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
massimizzare	massimizzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
saponificare	saponificherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
connaturarsi	si connaturavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
vantaggiare	vantaggia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
incavare	incaverei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
smemorare	smemorassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
accappiare	accappierei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
disinserire	disinseriva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
contingentare	contingentiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
baccagliare	baccagliai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
codificare	codificavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
prediligere	prediligo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
solfitare	solfiterebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
sgomentare	sgomentavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
divolgere	divolgeste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
congestionare	congestiona	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
scaglionare	scaglionerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ausare	ausassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
straripare	strariperesti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
interpenetrare	interpenetrando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ricettare	ricettate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ghigliottinare	ghigliottinavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
corrercene	ce ne corsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ripretendere	ripretendessi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
gelare	gelasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
disingranare	disingranai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
svaccarsi	si svacchi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
zampare	zamparono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
vicariare	vicariante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
deresponsabilizzarsi	ti deresponsabilizzeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
bulinare	bulinasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
schiaffeggiare	schiaffeggiavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
raggrupparsi	mi raggruppo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
mantecare	mantecherà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
farneticare	farneticano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
arenare	areniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
interporre	interponeste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
sfittare	sfittiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
tirarsi	si tiri	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
mazzolare	mazzolerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
straparlare	straparliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
assaltare	assalti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
scandalizzarsi	si scandalizzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
inturgidirsi	si inturgidisca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
appiattirsi	appiattendosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
pungolare	pungoli	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
videocomunicare	videocomunicaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
rincorrere	rincorreste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
gazare	gazerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
raccogliersi	raccolto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ammarare	ammaravi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
misconoscere	misconosciuto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
svirgolare	svirgolerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
riscuotere	riscoteva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
sloggare	sloggasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
impromettere	imprometteresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ristabilire	ristabilendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
sbicchierare	sbicchierassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
espletare	espletano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
pedalare	pedalano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
insegnarsi	mi insegnassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
spedirsi	spedentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
spalmarsi	mi spalmerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
professare	professato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
giocherellare	giocherellasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
controventare	controventeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
imbeccare	imbecca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
conteggiare	conteggiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
assonare	assoni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
pignorare	pignoravo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
sciogliersi	ti sciolga	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
pesare	pesi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
riddare	riddassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
difendere	difenda	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
moltiplicare	moltiplicheremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
disacerbare	disacerberò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
impallarsi	mi impallo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
tritare	tritai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
incidere	incidesse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
approdare	approdi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
baraccare	baraccaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ricospargere	ricospargeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
avvelenare	avvelenano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
corrercene	ce ne corrano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
appontare	appontassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
sbendare	sbendi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
annasare	annasassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
impoltronire	impoltronissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
aggrinzire	aggrinzirete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ardire	ardissi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
sottomurare	sottomuraste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
solarizzare	solarizzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
configgere	configgevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
rottamare	rottamerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
stringere	stringerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
confinare	confinavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
mobiliare	mobiliai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
radiocomandare	radiocomandavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
sfasare	sfaserebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ravviarsi	si ravvierebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
degradarsi	degradato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
evidenziare	evidenziaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
riallineare	riallinearono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
dipanarsi	si dipanino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
appiacevolire	appiacevoliamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
accartocciare	accartocceresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ammulinare	ammulinante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
togliersi	togliendosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
semplificare	semplifichereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
offiziare	offiziate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
addolciare	addolciavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
combinarsi	combiniamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
cementare	cementa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
anastomizzarsi	ci anastomizziamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
soffondere	soffonda	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
dilucidare	dilucidavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
proporzionare	proporzionate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
distendersi	distenditi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ansimare	ansimo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
spandersi	vi spanderete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ammanigliare	ammanigliò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
programmare	programmerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ricoprirsi	ricopriti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
acchiocciolare	acchiocciolassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ripopolarsi	si ripopolerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
sbigottire	sbigottirebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
aromatizzare	aromatizziamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
scompaginarsi	si scompaginavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
snudare	snudavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
malvedere	malvedrete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ingavonarsi	mi ingavonassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
cartavetrare	cartavetrerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
sconvolgere	sconvolgiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
concertare	concertavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
radicaleggiare	radicaleggi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
pellegrinare	pellegrinando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
reticolare	reticolo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
stuprare	stupriamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
pirogenare	pirogenare	V;NFIN;italian
iscriversi	mi iscrissi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
igienizzare	igienizzando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ruminare	ruminereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
rivedersi	ci rivediamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
zampare	zampi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
conchiudere	conchiudano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ovrare	ovrate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
appaciare	appacio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
corrodere	corrodano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
videocomunicare	videocomunico	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
purificarsi	ci purificheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
piagarsi	si piaghino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
impadronirsi	ti impadroniresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
sguainare	sguainasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
corseggiare	corseggiavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
scarcerare	scarceravate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
accertare	accertante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ottriare	ottriassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
guadare	guaderebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
urlare	urlerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
monumentalizzare	monumentalizzerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
suggerirsi	si suggerisca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
maturare	maturiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
divagare	divagavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
vendicarsi	si vendichino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
riarredare	riarredando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
bronzare	bronzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
orripilare	orripiliamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
sbraciare	sbraciò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
manimettere	manimetterai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
orzare	orzaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
disacidificare	disacidificare	V;NFIN;italian
infoderare	infodererebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
scannerizzare	scannerizzassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
trarre	trarre	V;NFIN;italian
abbronzarsi	ci abbronzeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ricomprimere	ricompresso	V.PTCP;PST;italian
intercalare	intercalò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
tabaccare	tabacchi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
iniziarsi	iniziato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
barcamenarsi	ci barcamenassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
imbibire	imbibì	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
anonimizzare	anonimizzeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
arrisicare	arrisica	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
arrostire	arrostiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
affogliare	affoglierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
riavvicinarsi	si riavvicinavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
contradire	contradiremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
sorseggiare	sorseggerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
smutandare	smutandavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
enfiarsi	enfiati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ridursi	vi riduceste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
vanire	vanirei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
sformare	sformiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
spantanare	spantanano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
spellare	spellate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
pungere	pungere	V;NFIN;italian
sbaffare	sbaffiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sbreccare	sbrecchi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
rioperare	rioperante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
solvatare	solvatavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
rinfittire	rinfittiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
avvelare	avvelassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
groccare	groccare	V;NFIN;italian
impappinare	impappineremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
assaltare	assalteremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
immolarsi	mi immolerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ricompilare	ricompileremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
allenire	alleniscono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
legittimizzare	legittimizzavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
raccapricciare	raccapricciate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
immunizzare	immunizzasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
spillare	spillino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
affrangere	affrangerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
rammorbidirsi	si rammorbidiscono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
assomare	assomino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
cintare	cintaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
sprezzare	sprezzare	V;NFIN;italian
stuprare	stuprerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
gemmare	gemmò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ammezzire	ammezzirono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ritrovare	ritroveresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
rilassarsi	vi rilasserete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
internalizzare	internalizzassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
inviperire	inviperirò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
acchetare	accheti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
sucare	sucaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
sclerotizzarsi	mi sclerotizzai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
concretizzare	concretizzato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
sciogliersi	ti sciogliesti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
tralignare	traligneremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
raddobbare	raddobbereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
decretare	decretassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
svicolare	svicolarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
bardarsi	mi bardi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
scorzare	scorzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
fendere	fendano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
rinnamorarsi	si rinnamori	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
tacciare	tacciassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
istituzionalizzare	istituzionalizzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
azotare	azotassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
orgasmare	orgasmiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
rimborsare	rimborsano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
inattivare	inattiverà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
inacetire	inacetiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
appannare	appanneranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
trafiggere	trafiggessi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
riverniciare	riverniciò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
fustellare	fustelleremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
calcinare	calciniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
incalorire	incalorì	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
dilettarsi	vi dilettiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sviolinare	svioliniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
allontanare	allontanino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
somatizzare	somatizzavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
commemorare	commemoraste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
decomporre	decompose	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
sbiadire	sbiadiranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
inframmettersi	si inframmettesse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
farfugliare	farfuglierebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sfibbiare	sfibbiò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
addizionare	addizionante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
piastrellare	piastrellano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
sospettare	sospetterebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
introitare	introitando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
impallinare	impallini	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
scoprirsi	vi scoprireste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
demagnetizzare	demagnetizzai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
incappare	incappo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
infrancesarsi	ti infrancesavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
soprassapere	soprassapranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
somatizzare	somatizzereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ridolere	ridolessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
sciamare	sciamerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
firmare	firmeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
rigermogliare	rigermoglio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
infanatichire	infanatichiste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
spelarsi	mi spelassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
imbrillantinare	imbrillantineresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
affacciare	affacciassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
sclerotizzare	sclerotizziate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
risollevarsi	vi risolleverete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
denocciolare	denocciolasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
riesaminare	riesaminasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ventilare	ventilammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
appollaiarsi	si appollaino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
annacquare	annacquavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
stralodare	stralodò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
acquadernare	acquadernerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
escoriarsi	si escoriarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
accapigliarsi	accapigliatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
segnoreggiare	segnoreggerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
odiarsi	vi odiaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
acchiocciolare	acchioccioli	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
condividere	condividesti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
irradiarsi	si irradiarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
deportare	deportammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
chiamarsi	si chiamino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
strapiombare	strapiomberete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
incartonare	incartoniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
sfiatare	sfiatammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
framettere	frametterò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
pregustare	pregustava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
transfondere	transfonda	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
tinteggiare	tinteggiando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
profumarsi	vi profumavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
smezzare	smezza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
trasportarsi	si trasporti	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
discolorarsi	discolorarsi	V;NFIN;italian
ricompattare	ricompatti	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
prolificare	prolifichiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
anagrammare	anagrammi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
esplorare	esploreremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
rincorarsi	mi rincoro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
controbilanciare	controbilancerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
abbriviare	abbriviate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ripararsi	ci ripariamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
stonare	stonereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
spoltronire	spoltroniamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
disintegrarsi	si disintegrano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
rioccupare	rioccupi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ammassellare	ammassellino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
vendere	vendete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
smerigliare	smerigli	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ciucciare	ciucciamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
cesellare	ceselli	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
innalzarsi	innalzato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
unirsi	unito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
scornare	scorna	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ammattire	ammattisca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
precludere	precluderò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
sbarcare	sbarchino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
tepefarsi	tepefatto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
fallarsi	mi fallavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
raccostare	raccosterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
stravolere	stravoglia	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
circonfulgere	circonfulga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
struccare	struccate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ricredere	ricrederà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
indurre	indurreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
impigrirsi	si impigriscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ciondolare	ciondola	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
straorzare	straorzaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
insistere	insisterò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
lagrimare	lagrimino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
reimparare	reimparare	V;NFIN;italian
addolorarsi	si addolorano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
suddividere	suddivida	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ritradurre	ritraducesti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
meccanizzare	meccanizzerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
rincominciare	rincomincino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
smidollare	smidollaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
sbrattare	sbratti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
trasformare	trasformato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
sovraintendere	sovraintendete	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
riprodursi	ti riproduci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
disdegnare	disdegnavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ovrare	ovrassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
fingersi	vi fingerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
desquamarsi	si desquamerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
abdicare	abdicasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
accattare	accattante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
farfugliare	farfugliavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
avvisare	avviserei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
sbrigare	sbrighino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
termostatare	termostateranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
unirsi	si unisce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
sfiduciarsi	si sfiduci	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
abbottinare	abbottinaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
risuolare	risuolerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
garzare	garza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
rincoglionire	rincoglionissimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
lisare	lisasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
omettere	omettereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
autoprodurre	autoproduca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
innervare	innervasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ridimensionare	ridimensioni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
conglobare	congloba	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
risentire	risentirà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
magnare	magnerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
postulare	postularono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
pettinarsi	vi pettinaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
oberare	obererete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
speronare	speroniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
raspare	raspi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
sconfiggere	sconfiggerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
contristarsi	vi contristavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
scarnare	scarnaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
affondare	affondaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
sfarsi	ti sfacevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
perfezionarsi	ci perfezioniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
smobiliare	smobiliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
collocarsi	ti collocheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
percorrere	percorreremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
labbreggiare	labbreggiavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
stomacarsi	si stomacasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
postillare	postilli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ammansare	ammansassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
traboccare	trabocco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
turlupinare	turlupinino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
smerigliare	smeriglierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
preordinare	preordinassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
multare	multaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
strizzare	strizzino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
trebbiare	trebbino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
spennacchiare	spennacchiarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
congiungersi	mi congiungo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
slentare	slenterete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
telefonare	telefoniate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
terminare	terminavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ammonticellare	ammonticellerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
insultare	insultereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
durare	duravano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
assetare	assetando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
stipendiare	stipendia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
rimappare	rimapperemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ipotizzare	ipotizzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
reimbarcare	reimbarcaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ammorbidare	ammorbidiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
affratellarsi	affratellandosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
preconfezionare	preconfezioni	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
vellicare	vellicò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
allietare	allieterete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
aggredire	aggredirai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
annitrire	annitrirò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
snudare	snudassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
radioassistere	radioassistevano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
incidere	incidevamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
centrare	centreremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
frammischiarsi	ti frammischiasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
rincontrare	rincontreresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
sbirciare	sbirciassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
sparere	spareste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
infirmare	infirmaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
snervare	snerverai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
suffissare	suffissavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
divariare	divariate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
trivellare	trivellato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
atrofizzare	atrofizzò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
attenere	attenessi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
prostituire	prostituito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
dilungare	dilungante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
sfarsi	vi sfacevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
manganellare	manganellassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
marmorizzare	marmorizzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
anodizzare	anodizziate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
accarpionare	accarpionai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
contingentare	contingenti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
alchilare	alchiliamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
palpitare	palpitare	V;NFIN;italian
deflazionare	deflazionai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
riesprimere	riesprimessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
orripilare	orripilò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
dibattersi	si dibatteva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
sospirare	sospirare	V;NFIN;italian
storcere	storcerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
trescare	treschiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
beatificare	beatifichiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
iodurare	ioduriate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
dichiararsi	mi dichiarerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
fallire	fallirai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
scavezzare	scavezziamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
impaginare	impaginasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
esplicitare	espliciterebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
baruffare	baruffi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
affiatare	affiatassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
giostrarsela	te la giostri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
posticipare	posticipi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
inzaccherarsi	si inzacchererebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
disintendere	disintenderebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
eludere	eludevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
imbutire	imbutiresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
sequestrare	sequestrante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
godronare	godronasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
stropicciarsi	ci stropicciavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
sublocare	sublocavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
balenare	balenaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
neutralizzare	neutralizzò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
influenzare	influenzino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
strangolarsi	mi strangolai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
diramarsi	ci diramassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
dimerizzare	dimerizzate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
incarrozzare	incarrozzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
segnarsi	si segnino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
mollare	mollerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
decomprimere	decomprimevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ossitonizzare	ossitonizzeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
urgenzare	urgenzereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
bassare	bassammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
collimare	collimavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
bianchire	bianchisco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
oggettivare	oggettiviamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
picchiettare	picchiettavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
indovinare	indovineresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
asserragliare	asserragliassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
rifrangere	rifrangevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
serenare	serena	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
riselezionare	riselezionai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
affiliarsi	vi affiliereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
sporcarsi	si sporca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
smattonare	smattonante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
rificcarsi	mi rificcassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
accalorarsi	si accalorava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
disamorare	disamoreremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
soffriggere	soffriggeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ereggere	ereggessi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
rimbecillire	rimbecilliva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
compartire	compartiremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
estasiare	estasino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
oberare	oberi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
repertare	repertò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
nitratare	nitraterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
reindustrializzare	reindustrializzi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
affittare	affitto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
palpeggiare	palpeggerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
permettere	permettono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
sbaragliare	sbaragliare	V;NFIN;italian
districarsi	vi districavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
attestare	attestate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
beatificare	beatificano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
solvatare	solvateranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
indorare	indoraste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
incappucciare	incappucci	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
concludersi	mi conclusi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
difettare	difettiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
scuocere	scuocerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
affiliare	affilierò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
accasare	accasate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
emaciarsi	si emacerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
frignare	frigni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
inceppare	incepperai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
gradualizzare	gradualizzavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
tematizzare	tematizzaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
terrorizzare	terrorizzaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
assortire	assortisti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
datare	dati	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
disorganizzare	disorganizziamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ingollare	ingollava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ostinarsi	si ostini	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
infestare	infestasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
dissimulare	dissimuliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
impensierirsi	si impensieriranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
compendiare	compendiasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
dispromettere	dispromettessi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
torreggiare	torreggi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
denazionalizzare	denazionalizzeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
decontestualizzare	decontestualizziamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
usufruire	usufruivate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ricompire	ricompiente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
infischiarsene	se ne infischiarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
sopraedificare	sopraedificavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
desecretare	desecreti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
tagliuzzare	tagliuzziate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
stamburare	stamburavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
avvoltolare	avvoltolavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
resolvere	resolvere	V;NFIN;italian
esecutare	esecuterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
stiparsi	stiparsi	V;NFIN;italian
trisezionare	trisezioni	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
frizzare	frizzeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
omologare	omologherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
grondare	grondate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ridolere	ridolente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
svasare	svaserai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
cinguettare	cinguettiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
accendere	accendesse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
rammorbidirsi	vi rammorbidiste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
esacerbare	esacerbare	V;NFIN;italian
oppugnare	oppugnavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ancidere	accendono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
riattendere	riattendiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
inculcare	inculcavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
gloriare	glori	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
inframmezzare	inframmezzavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
balbettare	balbettaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
scacazzare	scacazzano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
stortare	stortiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
moltiplicarsi	si moltiplichino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
denunciarsi	vi denunciaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
risanare	risanavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
respingere	respingerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
terebrare	terebriate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
aggrinzirsi	vi aggrinzite	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
deframmentare	deframmenta	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
saziare	sazia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
intramettere	intramettiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
romanzare	romanziate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
opporre	opporrete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
annotare	annotavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
infrangere	infrangiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ricomprimere	ricomprimemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
rasarsi	vi rasaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
snaturarsi	si snaturava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
surriscaldarsi	ci surriscaldavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
roteare	roteato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
attardare	attardaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
spettinarsi	ti spettinerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
randomizzare	randomizzate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
asteggiare	asteggio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
reumatizzare	reumatizzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
spadroneggiare	spadroneggiavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
univerbare	univerbavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
graticolare	graticolerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
diseccare	diseccheremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
esplorare	esploriamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
tirarsi	ci tireremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
cazzare	cazzano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
sfibbiare	sfibbiasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
contrattare	contrattasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
sopravvalutare	sopravvaluterò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
catalizzare	catalizzassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
parametrizzare	parametrizzassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
rivitalizzare	rivitalizzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
abalienare	abalienereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
scontrare	scontri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
spennellare	spennellai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
sopraddotare	sopraddotiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
defibrillare	defibrillò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
accalcare	accalcherà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
interfacciare	interfacciammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
squartare	squarti	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
rosicare	rosicheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
abdicare	abdicando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
lodare	lodereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
indicarsi	indicatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
crucciare	cruccerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
scombaciare	scombacia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
volare	volassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
miscelare	miscelaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
addarsi	addarsi	V;NFIN;italian
manifestarsi	manifestato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
saturare	saturerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
effettuarsi	si effettuerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sfogliare	sfogliammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
sottintendere	sottintendano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
imbellettarsi	si imbellettava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
usare	usò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
smattonare	smattonassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
riapplicarsi	si riapplicherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
godronare	godronante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
assoggettarsi	mi assoggetti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
rificcarsi	rificchiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
mendicare	mendicaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
rinvigorire	rinvigorivano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ipotizzare	ipotizzerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
autodefinirsi	vi autodefinite	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
destarsi	si destasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
uccidersi	ci uccideremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
riesporre	riesponevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
giocarsi	ti giocassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
frammettersi	si frammettevano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
durare	duravi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
orrare	orrerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
dentellare	dentellino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
solfitare	solfita	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ammendare	ammendavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
incadaverire	incadaverissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
telemetrare	telemetrammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
avvalersi	vi avvaliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
appoggiarsi	ci appoggiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
cartellinare	cartellini	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
recingere	recingi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
rifiorire	rifioristi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
intorbidirsi	si intorbidiscano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
infittire	infittiremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
spalare	spalai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
appruare	appruare	V;NFIN;italian
acchiapparsi	si acchiapperanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
spicciarsi	si spicci	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
schiacciarsi	vi schiacciaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ibernare	ibernate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
denazionalizzare	denazionalizziate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sorridere	sorrida	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
esplorare	esploriamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
recidere	recido	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
sbaciucchiarsi	sbaciucchiantesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
stringere	stringerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
servire	servendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
titillare	titillavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
autoprodurre	autoprodotto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
sfumare	sfumavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
decappottare	decappotterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
increspare	incresperesti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
riquadrare	riquadravo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
esordire	esordito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
depositarsi	ci depositassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
controbilanciare	controbilanciavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
evincere	evinceva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
arrapinare	arrapinino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
salare	salò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
profilare	profilò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
bizantineggiare	bizantineggiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ebraizzare	ebraizziamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
calcificare	calcificheranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
spessire	spessirà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
drenare	drenavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
compassionare	compassionate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
focalizzare	focalizzavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
favorire	favorissimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
compartimentalizzare	compartimentalizzavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
arrugginire	arrugginisca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
premunire	premunisci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ricollocare	ricollochino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
fascicolare	fascicola	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
deificare	deificaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
rinvestire	rinvestì	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
sfrascare	sfrascassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
stracciarsi	si straccia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
intascare	intascherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
profanare	profanino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
sperare	sperammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
appiccicarsi	si appiccicavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
impinzare	impinzato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
inchiedere	inchiediamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ingarbugliare	ingarbuglieresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
sobbarcarsi	sobbarcati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
estrarre	estrarrete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
associare	associate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
becchettare	becchetti	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
arrubinare	arrubinerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sgozzare	sgozzavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
perpetrare	perpetrante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
arricchire	arricchii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
decuocere	decuocevano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
imbarbarire	imbarbarirà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
risorgere	risorga	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
rimordere	rimordiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
riferire	riferisca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
feltrarsi	ti feltreresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
sforbiciare	sforbiciaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
girandolare	girandoliamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
fottersene	ve ne fottevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
allibrare	allibro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
collazionare	collazionasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
eccepire	eccepisci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
folgoreggiare	folgoreggi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
granire	granivo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
lustrare	lustraste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
catturare	catturi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
scotennare	scotenni	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
abbeverare	abbeveravano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
argentare	argentereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
puntare	puntiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
rispettarsi	mi rispettavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
cementarsi	si cementavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
imbragare	imbragheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
innalzare	innalzino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
spandersi	si spanderà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
elasticizzare	elasticizziate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sacralizzare	sacralizzare	V;NFIN;italian
rimboccare	rimboccai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
avariare	avariammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
pignorare	pignorassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
angosciare	angosci	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
abbuonare	abbuonate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
predisporre	predisponeste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
mitizzare	mitizzante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
padroneggiare	padroneggiassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
vergolare	vergoli	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
spoppare	spopperesti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ridividere	ridividiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
resolvere	resolsi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
attingersi	ti attingerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
calzare	calzerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
piccarsi	ci piccammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
avvalersi	avvalersi	V;NFIN;italian
immalinconirsi	mi immalinconivo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
espirare	espira	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
rappresentarsi	mi rappresenterò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
camminare	camminare	V;NFIN;italian
raffilare	raffilereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ovalizzarsi	vi ovalizzaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
delegificare	delegificherà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
abbuiarsi	ti abbui	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
arrazzare	arrazzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
riepilogare	riepiloghiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
trasudare	trasudo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
parallelizzare	parallelizzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
godronare	godronerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
scurire	scurite	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
comminare	comminante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
schiattare	schiattavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
olezzare	olezzavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
impagliare	impaglia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
argentare	argentiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
demoltiplicare	demoltiplicò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
asserragliarsi	si asserragliava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
incerare	incerano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
dirupare	dirupiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
contarsi	ti contasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
amareggiarsi	si amareggerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ricompire	ricompieva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
specificare	specificano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
scarificare	scarificai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
eterificarsi	mi eterifichi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
mixare	mixerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
avverarsi	vi avveraste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
acquarellare	acquarelli	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
autocommiserarsi	ti autocommisererai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
sbriciolarsi	mi sbriciolavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
reintegrare	reintegrai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
capitaneggiare	capitaneggiate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
riappropriarsi	ti riappropriasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
spalmare	spalmando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ridimensionare	ridimensionassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
illuminarsi	vi illuminavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
stuprare	stuprereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
slanciare	slanci	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
digrossare	digrosserà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
dispensarsi	ti dispensasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
principiare	principino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
benmeritare	benmeriteremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
finanziare	finanzierebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
disotterrare	disotterrato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
xerocopiare	xerocopierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
fraternizzare	fraternizzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
fonologizzare	fonologizzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
compiere	compiano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
rimpiazzare	rimpiazzassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
convenzionare	convenzionava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
spaurirsi	si spaurisse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
osservarsi	ti osservi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
sovrasterzare	sovrasterzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
azzannare	azzannaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
rammollire	rammolliranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
provenzaleggiare	provenzaleggiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
intercambiare	intercambiavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
retrarre	retrarrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
bulicare	bulicavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
disidratarsi	ci disidrateremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
arborare	arborate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
impallinare	impallinino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
carambolare	carambolerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
contristarsi	si contristerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
beare	beante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
resumere	resumerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
coniugare	coniugai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
incastrarsi	mi incastro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
stivare	stivaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
affrancarsi	affrancarsi	V;NFIN;italian
sciabicare	sciabichi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
spassare	spasseremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
cateterizzare	cateterizzereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
anatematizzare	anatematizzeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
strabiliarsi	ti strabil	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
bruciacchiare	bruciacchia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
pisciare	piscerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
rammentare	rammentate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
squarciarsi	ti squarciassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
vagare	vagava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
acuirsi	ci acuiremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
imbrogliarsi	ti imbrogliavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
tedescheggiare	tedescheggiavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
stuccare	stuccando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
rifocillare	rifocillerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ondulare	ondulassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
compatirsi	ci compativamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
picchierellare	picchierelleresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
defraudare	defraudi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
diboscare	diboscato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
tonfare	tonfi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
demodulare	demodulavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
esfoliare	esfoliare	V;NFIN;italian
spiegarsi	si spieghino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
capotare	capotassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
attaccare	attacca	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
democratizzare	democratizzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ricopiare	ricopiare	V;NFIN;italian
esentare	esentate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
zummare	zummai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
provocarsi	mi provocassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
archeggiare	archeggiassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
invalere	invalga	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
compenetrarsi	ti compenetri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
imbardare	imbardi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ingigantirsi	si ingigantirono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
inghiaiare	inghiaierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
rievaporare	rievaporassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
cavillare	cavilli	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
cliccare	cliccassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
utilizzare	utilizzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
desacralizzare	desacralizzando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
lessare	lessò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
terziarizzare	terziarizzerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
rintorpidire	rintorpidissi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
sbozzimare	sbozzimerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
squalificare	squalificherà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
avanzarsi	si avanza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
duplicarsi	si duplicava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
rasare	rasaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
esentare	esentarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
riassopire	riassopisce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ovalizzarsi	ci ovalizzeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
scandalizzarsi	mi scandalizzai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
liberare	liberavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ageminare	ageminassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
stacciare	stacci	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
inebriare	inebri	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
figliare	figlio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
affarsi	ti affacesti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
imbrancarsi	vi imbrancavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
dispergere	dispergo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
sospettare	sospetterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
broccare	broccassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
sfilarsi	si sfilerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
stropicciare	stropicciate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
svelare	svelerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
riequipaggiare	riequipaggiante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
prosternare	prosternarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ripensare	ripensasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ritenere	ritenga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
tassellare	tassellino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
auscultare	auscultaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
pungolare	pungoliamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
annusare	annuserei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
diroccare	dirocchi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
subentrare	subentra	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
riaccompagnare	riaccompagnate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ammainare	ammaineranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
sorradere	sorradesse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
segnare	segnereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
disquisire	disquisirete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
delirare	delirino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
impeciare	impeciassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
italianeggiare	italianeggeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
tondeggiare	tondeggiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
picchiarsi	ci picchiavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
accontentarsi	si accontenterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
porfirizzare	porfirizzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
urtacchiare	urtacchieresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
dichiarare	dichiarate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
sostantivare	sostantivò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
correre	corro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
agghiaiare	agghiaierei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
disonorarsi	si disonorava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
bersi	ci bevevamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
contradire	contradisse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
fidanzarsi	ti fidanzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
asfaltare	asfaltiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
sdraiarsi	vi sdraiavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
riscotere	riscoterai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
tribbiare	tribbieresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
spettare	spetteremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
perseverare	perseveri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
terminare	termineremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
imbestialire	imbestialisse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
rivettare	rivettino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ristabilirsi	ti ristabilisca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
cianciare	cianciamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
strabenedire	strabenedicevano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
multare	multi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
teletrasportare	teletrasportiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ascendere	ascenderemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
spalancare	spalancante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
affrontarsi	ci affrontiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
avvilire	avvilisci	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
schiodarsi	ci schiodiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
clivare	clivi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ritornarsene	me ne ritornerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
mandarsi	si mandavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
stupirsi	ci stupiremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
fiammeggiare	fiammeggiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sbrancare	sbrancherete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
stagionare	stagioneremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
impetrare	impetrare	V;NFIN;italian
sgominare	sgominato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
addurre	addotto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
concatenare	concatenante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ponzare	ponzerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
andicappare	andicappate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
reintervenire	reinterveniate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ansare	ansi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
svernare	svernino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
albergare	albergante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
riattaccarsi	si riattaccheranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
decorare	decorerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
cazzottarsi	cazzottati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
scapicollarsi	si scapicollavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
intrinsecare	intrinsecavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
eluire	eluirono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
riaccasare	riaccasasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
sgolarsi	mi sgolo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ammezzire	ammezzito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
sgualcirsi	ti sgualciresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
innestarsi	vi innestate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
flettersi	flesso	V.PTCP;PST;italian
soffriggere	soffrigga	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
annuvolarsi	annuvolantesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
impazzare	impazzante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ovalizzare	ovalizzavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
canonizzare	canonizzerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
nazificare	nazificaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
fecondare	fecondate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ritrasmettere	ritrasmetterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
chiosare	chiosarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
intrecciare	intrecciasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
svernare	sverna	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ridiscorrere	ridiscorreranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
atteggiare	atteggiarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
dăpăra	dapărând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
nerezervat	nerezervat	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
preistoric	preistorice	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
circumcide	nu circumcide	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
androceu	niște androcee	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
depune	depuse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
lua în seamă	luaau în seamă	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
biofizică	biofizică	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
canadian	niște canadieni	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
adversar	adversarilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
suspina	suspinaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
amabil	amabil	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
baltic	baltici	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
urî	uram	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
încura	încură	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
concentrat	concentrate	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
balț	unui balț	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
argintiu	argintiilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
țăcăni	să țăcănesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
crampon	crampoanele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
împăra	împăraserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
răsfăța	răsfățăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
licări	licărești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
criminal	indefinite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
lasciv	lascivii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
forja	să forjeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
baza	bazezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
păcăli	păcăliseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
uimi	uimeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
zbârli	să zbârlească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
simboliza	simbolizează	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
abces	abceselor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
azotos	azotoși	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
certa	certară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
împleti	să împletim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
trăsni	trăsniți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
nominal	nominala	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
solstițiu	solstițiile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
trăi	trăiește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
prună	prunelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
sta	stăteați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
spital	spitalelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
face sex	făcut sex	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
izbăvi	izbăvisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
dezmânta	dezmântară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
zbârli	zbârlit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
împăca	împăcat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
corb	unui corb	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ascuți	ascuțea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
crăpa	crapă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
dezmânta	dezmântă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
astupa	a astupa	V;NFIN;romanian
seninătate	unei seninătăți	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
flacără	flăcările	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
spera	sperai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
cerențel	cerențelule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
unealtă	uneltelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
pava	pavați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
virus	virusurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
împila	a împila	V;NFIN;romanian
roșu	roșului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
milos	milos	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
puturos	puturos	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
pasa	pasaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
apleca	aplecă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
supune	supuneau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
dezdoi	dezdoi	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
glas	glasule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
arde	să ardă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
subraț	unui subraț	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
obscur	obscurei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
scormoni	scormoneau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
fonetic	foneticului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
inserție	inserțiilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
știrb	știrbi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
umbri	nu umbri	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
iubi	iubiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
înșela	înșelat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
omnipotent	omnipotent	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
gaza	gazează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
împrospăta	prospătai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
minți	mințind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
crea	creați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
clăti	clătirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
empiric	empirice	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
sui	sui	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
polar	polarele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
urma	urmase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
deșela	deșel	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
catedrală	unei catedrale	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
rămâne	rămânea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
cuveni	cuveneau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
roib	un roib	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
refeca	refecă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
nenoroci	nenoroceam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
mărgini	mărginești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
mura	să murați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
pava	pavez	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
sfâșia	sfâșie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
toci	tocind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
adia	adiaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
musculos	musculosului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
despuia	despuiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
poartă	porțile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
fierăstrui	fierăstruiesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
păraț	unui păraț	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
scula	sculasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
însera	înserai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
plai	niște plaiuri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
obscen	obscena	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
împlânta	împlânți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
scălda	scăldarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
tăbăci	tăbăcesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
șușui	nu șușui	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
jena	jenaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
cariopsă	niște cariopse	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
guraliv	guralivi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
putea	puteți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
recupera	recuperasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
cumnat	niște cumnați	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
veșnic	veșnica	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
asigura	asigura	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
răscoace	răscoceam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ocupa	ocupaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
dor	dorurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
refeca	să refece	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
unic	unicului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
abces	unui abces	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
exagera	să exagerez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
central	centralelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
alb	albul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
destupa	destupat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
umbros	umbroșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
insulta	insultase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
insista	insistam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
spurcat	spurcatelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
muced	mucezi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
înconjur	înconjururilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
lună	lunilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ciufut	ciufute	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
desfășa	desfașă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
holba	holbă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ofta	să ofteze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
slăbi	slăbi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
cobai	niște cobai	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
înfierbânta	înfierbântați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cuteza	să cutezăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
învolbura	învolburând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
alunga	alungasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
căsătorie	căsătoriilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
plictisi	nu plictisiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
codalb	indefinite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
alun	alunii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
explicativ	explicativei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
biceps	bicepsule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
adunare	adunare	N;VOC;SG;romanian
urbaniza	a urbaniza	V;NFIN;romanian
abagiu	abagiii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
rău	definite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
zarzără	niște zarzăre	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
putred	putrede	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
iertat	iertatele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
stabili	stabileam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ventilator	niște ventilatoare	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
înlocui	înlocuiau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
adverbial	adverbialei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
mirosi	să miroasă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
tinde	tindeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
afidă	niște afide	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
moldovenesc	moldovenești	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
echilibra	echilibrai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
mânia	mâniai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
sufleca	suflecasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
întrerupe	întrerupem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
mistreț	mistreței	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ciclistă	ciclistele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
abandonare	unei abandonări	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ușuratic	ușuratice	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
saluta	salut	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ști	să știm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
gudura	guduraserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
spânzura	spânzuraseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
pensulă	niște pensule	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
leton	letoni	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
inar	unui inar	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
discordie	discordiilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
rezista	a rezista	V;NFIN;romanian
elev	elevii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
făptui	făptuii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
chirurgie	chirurgiile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
naște	născuserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
spanac	spanacurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
stimul	stimulilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
alunga	alungaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
pica	picai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
stoarce	stoarcem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
funda	fundând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
crud	cruzi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
injecta	injectam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
valah	valaha	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
căpăta	căpătați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
lugubru	lugubra	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
lupta	luptau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
fad	fad	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
armean	armeni	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
treiera	treierați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
zgâi	nu zgâi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
screme	să scremeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
învăța	învăță	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
țintirim	țintirimurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
pingeli	pingelești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
făget	făgetelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
înțelege	nu înțelege	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
depărta	nu depărta	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
armean	armene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
țipa	țipat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
isprăvi	să isprăvească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
amuza	amuză	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
trăgăna	nu trăgănați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
aștepta	a aștepta	V;NFIN;romanian
omenesc	omenești	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
guvernamental	guvernamental	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
scufunda	scufundarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
perturbator	perturbator	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
regicid	definite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
povârni	povârnirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
clăti	clăteam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
înverzi	să înverzim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
stingheri	stingheream	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
lăți	lățește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
treiera	să treieri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
îmbătat	îmbătat	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
însori	însorirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
tăia	nu tăia	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
goliciune	unei goliciuni	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
hârtie	hârtie	N;VOC;SG;romanian
pătrunjel	pătrunjeii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
pregeta	pregetați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
tuna	nu tuna	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
structural	structurală	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
comporta	comportară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
cumpăta	să cumpăteze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
frige	frigeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
robi	nu robiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
cutremura	să cutremur	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
augura	augurarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
vădos	vădos	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
deșteptare	deșteptărilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
femeiesc	femeiescului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
dansa	dansași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
șevalet	niște șevalete	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
cârnat	cârnaților	N;VOC;PL;romanian
vântura	vânturat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
mărturisi	mărturisi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
împușca	împușc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
înrudi	să înrudească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
adia	adiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
babuin	babuinii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
catifea	catifelelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
stoarce	storc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
încura	încurând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
olandeză	olandezele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
canoni	canoneam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
trufie	trufiilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
nativ	native	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
tăcea	să tacă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
sfârtica	să sfârtice	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
depăra	să deperi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
înviora	înviorat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
dușmăni	dușmănea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
deșteptăciune	deșteptăciuni	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
odihni	odihniserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
capitalist	capitalist	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
terapeutic	terapeuticele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
dumica	dumică	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
răspândi	răspândisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
părăsi	părăsesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
serba	serbă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
arde	arzi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
alt	alt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
înnoi	înnoisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
prețui	prețuiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
biotit	biotiturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
insulta	insultând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
adăpa	adăpă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
descânta	să descânți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
secera	să secerați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
înfăptui	înfăptuiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
homosexual	un homosexual	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
închega	închegaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
încrede	să încredem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
servi	serviseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
întrista	întristase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
umanitate	umanități	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
amorți	să amorțească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
fierbincior	fierbincioarelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
hotărî	hotărai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
secvențial	secvențială	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
chema	chemai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
călător	un călător	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
împinge	împinserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
frigider	unui frigider	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
înăbuși	înăbușeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
răsufla	răsuflaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
înșira	înșirați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
perinda	perindarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ierta	iertat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
îmbrăca	îmbrăcară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ploios	ploioși	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
istovi	istovirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
lupta	luptaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
șovăi	să șovăiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
dezminți	să dezmințiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
freca	frecam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
bucureștean	bucureșteanului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
cetera	ceterau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
româncă	româncelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
genitiv	genitivelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
județ	județele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
compune	compuneați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
răcori	nu răcoriți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
desmăța	desmață	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
induce	induseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
proba	să probeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
rațional	raționali	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
desmăța	desmățai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
nepopular	nepopularul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
reține	reținură	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
implica	nu implica	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
trepăda	să trepede	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
spune	spusesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
armean	armeană	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
mireasă	mireselor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
zgăura	să zgăuri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
destrăma	destramă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
uni	uneați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
tigru	niște tigri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
futabil	futabilului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
surd	surzii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
despune	despuseserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ajunge la majorat	ajunsserăți la majorat	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
chel	cheală	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
pederast	unui pederast	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
țigăni	țigăneam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
socoti	socotise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
încurca	încurcai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
trece	trecusem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
comunitate	niște comunități	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
amâna	amânași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
palimpsest	palimpsestelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
avorta	să avorteze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
scărpina	scărpinaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
neadaptat	neadaptata	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
coti	cotiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cenușiu	cenușii	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
mișuna	mișunarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
agresiv	agresive	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
murdări	nu murdări	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
completa	completam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
geme	geme	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
peți	să pețesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
abil	abilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
aleatoriu	aleatorii	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
mort	moarta	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
așterne	așternea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
aed	aezilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
îngrășa	nu îngrășați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
înfricoșa	înfricoșați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
adăsta	adăstarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
lingură	niște linguri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
afunda	afundăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
scula	sculaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
împroprietări	împroprietăriți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
dumica	să dumic	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
olimpic	olimpice	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
neanticipat	neanticipatelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
vizualiza	vizualizarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
sări	sar	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
uni	uniră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
rezema	a rezema	V;NFIN;romanian
deprinde	deprindeți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
tornadă	tornadelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
pieri	pieream	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
împunge	nu împungeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
spovedi	spovedeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
gândi	să gândiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
dezminți	dezmințești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
prăbuși	prăbușiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
felație	felațiilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
înverșuna	să înverșunăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
scoace	scocea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
depărta	depărtau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
dobândi	să dobândească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ceh	definite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
întinge	întingeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
funcționa	funcționați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
acant	acanților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
astronomie	astronomie	N;VOC;SG;romanian
dumnezeu	dumnezeilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
deranja	deranjai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
urî	urâsem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
verosimil	verosimilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
apăsa	apăsat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
lăsa	lăsași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
înscrie	înscriseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
religios	religioase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
piersica	piersicași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
șchiop	șchioapă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
umple	umplui	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
dezvăța	nu dezvăța	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
urdinare	urdinărilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
iscăli	iscălesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
colan	colanelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
sătura	săturaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
înjura	nu înjurați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
macabru	macabri	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
mișcător	mișcătoarea	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
nun	niște nuni	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
pleca	pleacă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
dăpăra	dapără	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
despuia	nu despuia	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
electromagnetic	electromagnetic	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
returna	returnase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
abdominal	abdominal	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
medicină	medicina	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ars	arselor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
desfăta	desfătau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
șușui	să șușui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
dispreț	disprețurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
vampir	niște vampiri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
dezbina	a dezbina	V;NFIN;romanian
dezminți	dezmințeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
proteja	protejați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
îmbărbăta	să îmbărbătez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
astupa	astupară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
zburda	să zburd	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ejacula	ejaculași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
experimentat	experimentate	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
despărți	despărțiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
estima	estima	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
așterne	să aștern	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
minuscul	minusculei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
garaj	garajelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
părăsit	părăsiții	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
eră	erelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
învățătoare	învățătoarelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
frauda	să fraudeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
dezbina	dezbini	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
confrunta	a confrunta	V;NFIN;romanian
farmacist	farmaciștii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
umbri	să umbrești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
torero	toreros	N;VOC;PL;romanian
serenadă	serenadele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
fierăstrui	fierăstruiam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
întărâta	întărâtă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
lua în considerație	luași în considerație	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
german	germani	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
pișa	pișă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
scânci	nu scânciți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
răsfăța	răsfățaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
lăcrima	lăcrimăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
divorța	să divorțeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
alina	nu alinați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
observa	observați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cere	ceruseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
brădioară	unei brădioare	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
mulțumi	să mulțumească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
închis	închisul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
prânzi	prânzise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
femeie	femeilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
opri	oprește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
cord	niște corduri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
mușca	mușcaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ochi maro	unui ochi maro	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
saliniza	saliniză	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ușura	ușuraserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
observa	observă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
fală	fală	N;VOC;SG;romanian
usca	uscarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
supraviețui	supraviețuind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
prevesti	nu prevesti	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
funcționa	funcționasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
răzgândi	răzgândise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
încerca	încercarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
îndrăgosti	îndrăgostesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
gravat	gravați	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ajuna	ajunai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
șansă	șanselor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
îngrozitor	îngrozitorul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
pușcărie	pușcărie	N;VOC;SG;romanian
cășuna	cășunasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
înfia	înfiat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
lovi	loveai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
cuteza	cutezaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
dezavantaja	dezavantajarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
opri	oprisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
cald	calzi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
prins	prinșii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
lungi	lungea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
împinge	împingeți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
răscoace	răscoaceți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
gudura	a gudura	V;NFIN;romanian
cumpăta	cumpătase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
necesitate	necesităților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
comun	comune	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
urdina	urdinat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
contraveni	contravii	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
conjuga	conjugarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
voce	vocilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aera	aerarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
popular	populara	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
coace	coaceți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
elimina	să eliminați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
alina	alinat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
întinge	să întingem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
jena	nu jenați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
păpa	păpat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
stoarce	stoarseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
cort	corturilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
muta	să mut	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
încurca	încurci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
piston	pistoanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
invariabil	invariabili	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
repede	repezi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
încorpora	încorporam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
cariotip	unui cariotip	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
slut	slută	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
căsători	căsătorind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
episcopal	episcopala	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
strâmt	strâmt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
întreține	întrețineai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
iubi	iubise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
zgăura	zgăurăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
sefard	sefardă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
socotit	socotitelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
odaie	niște odăi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
gândac	gândacilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
bărbătesc	bărbătești	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
rumega	nu rumega	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
inflamabil	inflamabile	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
rotire	rotirilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
înspăimânta	înspăimântaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
reprezentant	unui reprezentant	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
discurs	unui discurs	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
stâng	stângi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
forța	a forța	V;NFIN;romanian
jindui	jinduiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
propti	proptea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
jupui	jupoaie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
junghia	să junghie	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
închipui	închipuiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ședea	șezuserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
șușui	șușuiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
zări	zăriseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
încăpea	să încăpeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
supune	supuneți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
aritmetic	aritmetic	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
mânca	să mănânce	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
copleși	copleșirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
prelungi	nu prelungiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
înfricoșa	înfricoșaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
scărmăna	să scarmeni	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ierna	iernez	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
acoperit	acoperiți	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
împușca	împușcau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
cană	niște căni	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
intern	interni	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
înmărmuri	înmărmurirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ilegal	ilegalei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
insista	insistezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
neapărat	neapărate	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
dublu	dublu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
înzestra	înzestrând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
împila	împilarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
răsturna	răstorn	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
răspunde	nu răspunde	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
risca	nu risca	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
înșela	înșelam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
încuraja	încurajând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
beat	beți	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
distila	distilarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
împrumuta	împrumutau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
foios	foioase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
slut	slut	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
conteni	să conteniți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
sfârși	sfârșeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
integral	integralii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
chema	chemai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ghilotină	unei ghilotine	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ferici	să fericim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
prăsi	prăsii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
sughița	sughiță	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
traversa	traversat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
gureș	gureșei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
mândrie	unei mândrii	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
anima	să anim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
desfășura	desfășuraserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
barză	berzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aluneca	să alunecăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
apatrid	apatrizii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
necongelat	necongelat	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
număra	număram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
desena	desenasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
stimula	să stimulăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
fragă	fragilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
distra	distrezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
oglindi	să oglindiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
răstigni	nu răstigni	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
răsuna	răsună	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
economic	economica	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
trezi	treziți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
furnica	furnic	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
cugeta	cugetați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
aroganță	aroganța	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
criticabil	criticabile	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
dramatic	dramatici	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
trăncăni	trăncăniseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
donație	niște donații	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
somon	niște somoni	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
acuza	să acuze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
rotunjit	rotunjitei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
sluji	slujiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
conjuga	conjugam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
roti	roteați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
nimici	nimicește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
curvă	curvelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
scârbă	scârbelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
rezema	rezemați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ierna	ierna	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ofta	oftaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
desfășa	desfășați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
tipă	tipă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ipocrită	ipocritelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
isprăvi	isprăviserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
bolnăvicios	bolnăvicioase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
nasol	nasoale	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
nenoroci	nenorocește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
beli	belirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
încerca	să încerc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
țărănesc	țărăneștile	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
limpezi	limpezește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
socru	niște socri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
descinge	nu descinge	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
regalist	regaliste	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
șuncă	șuncă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
furnica	furnicăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
prânz	niște prânzuri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
prefera	a prefera	V;NFIN;romanian
capitula	capitulez	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
răscula	nu răsculați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
îmbina	îmbina	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
omorî	nu omorî	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
peți	să pețim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
aera	aerași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
săcret	săcretul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
comânda	comândând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
scobi	scobește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
bandaj	bandajelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
vindeca	să vindece	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
îndesa	să îndesați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
mărturisi	mărturisiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
oftica	ofticam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
cufunda	cufund	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
cunoscut	cunoscute	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
cățea	niște cățele	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
făptui	făptuiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
tânji	tânjeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
dac	niște daci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
înfuleca	înfulec	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
rezistență	unei rezistențe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
dop	dopurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
rotunji	rotunjeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
personaj	unui personaj	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
mișuna	să mișunăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
sodomie	sodomiilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
descărca	descărca	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
schimb	unui schimb	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
rugi	rugeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
mărita	să mărite	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
învolbura	învolburat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
abreviație	unei abreviații	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
genetic	genetică	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
rugină	ruginile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
popor	popoarelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
pregnant	pregnantele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
câine de apă	câinilor de apă	N;VOC;PL;romanian
bleu	bleu-urilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
sexos	sexoasa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
concepe	concepuseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
piersica	piersicau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
aberant	aberantei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
călătoare	unei călătoare	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
nivela	a nivela	V;NFIN;romanian
transforma	transformăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
dezgropa	dezgroparăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
da la labă	dădurăți la labă	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
asturian	definite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
haitian	haitieni	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
slujbă	slujbele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
fumuriu	fumurii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
înflori	înfloreau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
strănuta	strănutaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
interesant	interesanta	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
îmbărbăta	îmbărbăta	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
otrăvi	otrăvind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
încumeta	încumetase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
cinste	cinste	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
necuviincios	necuviinciosului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
potrivi	să potrivească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
înfuria	să înfurii	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
răscula	să răsculați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
apocaliptic	apocaliptici	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
subțire	subțiri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
haos	niște haosuri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
împinge	să împingem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
dezamăgi	să dezamăgesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
sferic	sferica	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
prinsoare	prinsorilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
jupui	jupui	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
stăpâni	nu stăpâni	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
cina	cina	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
dezuni	dezuniserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
secret	secrete	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
încuraja	încurajarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
țestos	țestoase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
purica	puricați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
comunism	comunismului	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
programabil	programabilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
suflet	niște suflete	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
noapte	niște nopți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
somnambul	somnambulii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
gustos	gustoșii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
dezminți	dezmințiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
șes	șeși	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
retrage	retraseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
urangutan	urangutanilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
arinos	arinoșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
aduna	să adunați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cufunda	cufundară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
limpede	limpede	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
învenina	înveninezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
prelungi	prelungea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
strămuta	strămutăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
dorință	dorințelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
momi	momea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
aciua	aciuează	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
constrânge	să constrâng	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
copia	copiară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
arteră	unei artere	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
refeca	refecaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
tăios	tăios	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
satisface	satisfacem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
organ	unui organ	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
șerbi	șerbești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
controla	controlă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
acuzat	acuzatele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
cont	unui cont	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
înțelege	a înțelege	V;NFIN;romanian
mistreț	mistrețul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
tăbăci	tăbăciserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
hămesi	hămesiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
geamăn	geamăn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
iscăli	iscălirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
loga	logai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
smârc	smârcurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
eveniment	evenimentelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
tentant	tentantelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
creativ	creative	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
custa	custase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
așterne	așterneam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
excava	să excavezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
înnegri	înnegreau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
formidabil	formidabilă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
intui	intuiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
părăsit	părăsiților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
geografic	geograficii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
rupe	să rupem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
strămuta	strămutați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
zidărie	zidăriilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
imagina	imaginează	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
scurge	scurseserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
politeism	politeismul	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
înfiripa	înfiripaarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
împrejura	împrejurarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
îndesa	îndesă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
distractiv	distractivul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
pietros	pietroasele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
burete	unui burete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
veghea	nu vegheați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
împușca	împușcaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
răcori	răcorisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
imagina	imaginasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
înfia	înfiarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
trânti	trântiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
curma	a curma	V;NFIN;romanian
ficat	niște ficați	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
evaziv	evazive	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
cerb	unui cerb	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
descuia	descuiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
flexibil	flexibilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
minuna	minunezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
amărî	să amărâm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
decădea	nu decădea	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
sista	sistaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
omogen	omogeni	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
dezvăța	dezvață	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
astâmpăra	astâmpărarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
spăla	spală	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
descinge	să descingă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
deșira	deșirat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
încânta	încântați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
înrăma	să înrămeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
mărinimos	mărinimoasei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
aluneca	să alunece	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
stanifer	staniferilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
veni	veniserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
congela	congelai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
răsfăța	să răsfăț	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
zări	să zărim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
blând	blânde	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
măcina	măcinau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
prăși	prășind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
dezavantaja	dezavantajarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
cumnată	cumnată	N;VOC;SG;romanian
risca	riscă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
mustra	mustrase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
spânzura	să spânzure	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
înjura	înjură	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
despărți	să despart	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
zări	zărește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
controla	controlau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
izgoni	izgonim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
psihostimulant	psihostimulantele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
scurta	scurtai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
coopera	cooperat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
îngust	înguști	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
înșira	înșirați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
gros	groșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
rugi	nu rugi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
declina	declinați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
înfige	înfipseserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
necunoscut	necunoscutului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
dăpăra	dăpărați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
șușui	șușuisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
tuși	tușiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
cald	caldei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
spurca	spurcă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
stoarce	stoarce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
nemilos	nemiloasei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
comânda	comândă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
asemăna	asemănând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
influența	influențați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
declara	să declar	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
zgâria	să zgârii	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
amar	amar	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
mura	mura	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
documenta	documentarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
tandru	tandra	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
coase	coase	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
avorta	avortaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
avansa	avansași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
pica	pică	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
fi	sunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
viteaz	vitejilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
grăi	grăi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ierta	iertară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
frâna	frânați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
crede	credeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
distruge	distrugeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
minoritate	minoritate	N;VOC;SG;romanian
răsfăța	răsfățat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
analogic	analogicele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
roată	roțile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
pumn	pumnilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
întâlni	întâlneai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
hinduism	hinduismule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
rade	răseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
apăsa	apăsați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
mușca	să mușcați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
făli	făleau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
momi	momiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
bleg	bleg	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
zănatic	zănatice	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
contrazice	să contraziceți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
dori	să dorim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
isteț	isteți	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
nud	nuzilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
alina	alinăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
cufunda	a cufunda	V;NFIN;romanian
botroș	botroșule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
unilateral	unilateralelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
joint	jointurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
fiică	niște fiice	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
deceda	a deceda	V;NFIN;romanian
ciocni	ciocnește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
flutura	fluturași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
rază	niște raze	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
prăji	să prăjești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
frâna	frână	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
încununa	încununam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
făuri	făurirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
rotund	rotunde	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
mulsură	mulsurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
muced	mucedă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
abajur	niște abajururi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
alerga	alergarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
comunica	comunicați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
cina	cinează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
cumpăni	cumpănii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
chiorî	să chiorască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
fiert	fierților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
unic	unică	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
botezat	botezat	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
deloga	delogam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ascuți	ascuțiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
histologic	histologic	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
înfoia	să înfoi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
avion	avioanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
colțun	colțunule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
judeca	nu judeca	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
peți	pețeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
vărsa	vărsasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
focos	focos	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
acoperi	acoperirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
fugi	fugea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
păgân	păgânii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
auzi	să auziți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
folosință	folosințele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
viermui	să viermuiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
articula	articularăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
alunga	alungaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
goli	să golească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
dezrobi	dezrobiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
canon	canonule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
sorti	sortește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
congela	congelam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
înfunda	înfundând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
tavernă	tavernelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
picătură	picăturilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
nimeri	nimereai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
nodos	nodoase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
fript	fripte	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
binecuvânta	binecuvântează	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
număra	să număr	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
reflectat	reflectat	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
distractiv	distractive	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
închina	închin	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
urla	urlat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
întări	întărește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
unge	unge	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ardoare	ardoarea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
munci	munceai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ceață	unei ceți	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
unguresc	ungurească	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
parcare	parcare	N;VOC;SG;romanian
apuca	apuca	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
lipsă	unei lipsuri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
cămașă	cămășile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Florii	Floriile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
vântura	vântur	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
crea	creasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
gusta	gustăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
zburda	zburdați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
păpa	să păpați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
județ	județelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
întreba	întrebam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
aluneca	alunecam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
usca	uscaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
covor	unui covor	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
nutri	nutriserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
bestial	bestiali	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
emerit	emerit	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ademeni	ademeneam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
posibil	indefinite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
întâietate	întâietate	N;VOC;SG;romanian
necinstit	necinstitele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
degera	degerat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
moșteni	moșteniseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
speriat	speriate	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
dezgusta	dezgust	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
obrăznicie	obrăzniciile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
mijloci	mijlocii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
abandona	abandonase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
tăios	tăioasei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
democratic	democratice	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
dezlipi	dezlipeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
încrede	încrede	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
oftica	ofticași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
sud-african	indefinite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
genetică	genetică	N;VOC;SG;romanian
îngriji	să îngrijești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
dușmăni	nu dușmăni	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
dezumfla	umflară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
murdări	să murdărească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
învolt	învolte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
descăleca	descălecarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
bluză	niște bluze	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
cenușiu	cenușiile	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
tresări	tresări	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
nauruan	nauruani	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
