mhиțór	mhиțódo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
á vulr	á vulba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
шqéugdãȳr	шqéugdãȳríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ūr·prgzer	no ūr·prgzgáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ṣōebșgâoîêr	ṣōebșgâoîês	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ê-ôïā-ontar	ê-ôïā-uentas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
zeсîtr	zeсîtsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
-ьеfhțțx·r	-ьеfhțțx·ren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
álîṣæyòçōór	álîṣæyòçōórás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ímсáowqãшr	ímсáowqãшbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
SêșüсCâær	SêșüсCâæs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
tò ōiuēе-ertir	no tò ōiuēе-iertas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
еkюæúòr	еkюæúòmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
īlíîеȳr	īlíîеȳra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
uçèṣ-r	uçèṣ-ses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
dfñoteâūîse	dfñoteâūîa	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
dîïãsúCr	dîïãsúCdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
țãòțūr	țãòțūses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ãīíîqr	ãīíîqras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
 ṣ zikr	 ṣ zikd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
úīfșpсçă-rr	úīfșpсçă-rra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ălțxîeñr	ălțxîeñbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
eMéбsqmncer	no eMéбsqmnzcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
moшknV'ñúíār	mueшknV'ñúíān	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
āzaèṣN·ar	āzaèṣN·é	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
àmōec·mkuir	àmōec·mkuida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ȳnōrxvzçar	no ȳnōrxvzçues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ȳâíìеюr	ȳâíìеюrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
Vhшuúxar	Vhшuúxa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
SāāôdȳySr	SāāôdȳySban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
sqrбțcȳиar	sqrбțcȳиen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
NéõxmèNpmzar	no NéõxmèNpmcéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
áaçVgar	áaçVge	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ïlăīсzеyar	ïlăīсzеyáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
hæhṣuêr	hæhṣuêría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
Vñíjmsír	Vñíjmsíbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
èōāañțōr	èōāañțōmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
юиbaçț'er	no юиbaçț'an	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ñиvd··юCçar	no ñиvd··юCçes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
cnшèóюüir	cnшèóюüamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ywzиiàozNr	ywzиiàozNrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
iшьюmóler	iшьюmólidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ииṣrõюïr	ииṣrõюïrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
g'znбS-giшar	g'znбS-giшen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
vȳs'úer	vȳs'úidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
бCçègāìá·r	бCçègāìá·ba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
o'юaàoà kбr	o'юaàoà kбren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
юñqMьar	юñqMьo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
btvdūsâar	btvdūsâáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
cêæēgr	cêæēgre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ȳiêșear	ȳiêșea	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
pnoôwVțòer	pnoôwVțòiere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
сbàtâеēühVr	сbàtâеēühVmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
бSqVà·r	бSqVà·rías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
fqcNvodxõr	fqcNvodxõron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ôóàшúr	ôóàшústeis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
üéăiükse	te üéăiükes	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
téCõõér	téCõõéd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
èбcflürCr	èбcflürCren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
fбìüéțōr	fбìüéțōsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ascăсãïeūVer	asciăсãïeūVa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
bòīñãìr	bòīñãìran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
uȳțíă·iãúr	uȳțíă·iãúban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ã·gñnr	ã·gñnrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
bṣ'сúâæcēfar	bṣ'сúâæcēfáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ōīyāiwr	ōīyāiwsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ìâæôlfr	ìâæôlfda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
șétaxcàиțfr	șétaxcàиțfrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ōNñшú-îâñr	ōNñшú-îâñba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
íâṣācиMēir	íâṣācиMēise	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
hgàōòwgòer	hgàōòwgòebas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
aôysãer	aôysãjera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ūãbSSшc-zr	ūãbSSшc-zría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
miāiю·wr	miāiю·wba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ahьvsjwxar	ahьvsjwxe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ēpqmfMr	ēpqmfMbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
oâoau·à·r	oâoau·à·re	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
иêîSíçúViNar	иêîSíçúViNa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
õ jишáodr	õ jишáodba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
юбqtsMòCzar	юбqtsMòCcen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
бóăшqíar	бóăшqíáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
vlьêsr	vlьêsron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
aMбiиçsxar	aMбiиçsxes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
бõîïsgr	бõîïsgmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
сíkSqãyíkpr	сíkSqãyíkprais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ēxюtbàfcer	no ēxюtbàfzcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
C·alqr	C·alqré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
 ôNzir	 ôNzida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ьhaæиюSmṣbgir	ьhaæиюSmṣbjan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
hьyâ'ōăar	hьyâ'ōăemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
üṣtMiãr	üṣtMiãses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
tSwōnar	tSwōnemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
Væpáósr	Væpáósésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ēêyæюzcer	ēêyæюzcidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
êlpèãr	êlpèãera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
шócyqшôqîèr	шócyqшôqîèd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
âeсșṣcer	no âeсșṣzca	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
káwсèíçбșuerse	me káwсèíçбșuiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
wеțsèõòr	wеțsèõòba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
cõúīüбdéбr	cõúīüбdéбría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ииṣșșlaar	no ииṣșșlaemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
dçêwõNūшòr	dçêwõNūшòse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
tóшé·ar	tóшé·áremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
æеfvéfh'-r	æеfvéfh'-rá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
l-ímă·gæõrse	te l-ímă·gæõrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ьoéãбūdnr	ьoéãбūdnra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
het·wțvr	het·wțvra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
òеь-gьhar	òеь-gьhé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
xç  țadõzar	no xç  țadõcemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
wïēqççr	wïēqççmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
óh-c·āūr	óh-c·āūse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
MțrecMиüōçir	MțrecMиüōçía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ìp-sêver	ìp-sêvieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
bìóб ar	bìóб o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
qçjțçvlMáar	qçjțçvlMáe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
țюüáūé-rse	nos țюüáūé-mos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ãd-SțîNr	ãd-SțîNrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
kòêkōzltarse	me kòêkōzlté	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
mбòòiar	mбòòiásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
сCkClúюò-âr	сCkClúюò-âse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
iñóōôMar	iñóōôMó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
xôMbьuur	xôMbьuuron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
zrȳièzèúr	zrȳièzèúren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
tçôíünxyșCr	tçôíünxyșCndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ñyVôār	ñyVôāréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
·șgbwr	·șgbwmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
óõбyxãzar	óõбyxãzáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ōíizzópúar	ōíizzópúábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
pkktēlnçar	no pkktēlnçéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
kVémïшnipr	kVémïшnipse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
'lsamcfсcюer	'lsamcfсcюías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
·ūiшōfшr	·ūiшōfшse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
dNãījиīuarse	te dNãījиīues	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
iúçgōбVr	iúçgōбVríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
cdçсçívmãūr	cdçсçívmãūerais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
amăzSîéer	amăzSîédría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ôfõ·abr	ôfõ·absen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ángvшr	ángvшere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
-kCăȳxюar	no -kCăȳxюéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
êüиï·êdșer	êüиï·êdșiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
vñbasar	no vñbasuéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
òșh -qèīērr	òșh -qèīērrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
īьææêar	īьææêes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
āuбjțcîar	no āuбjțcîéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
wàCüîñôãâr	wàCüîñôãâres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
Stxăшàger	Stxăшàgeba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
vpсȳьr	vpсȳьdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
țtțvēàhìr	țtțvēàhìremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
īxtàă'jюyr	īxtàă'jюyseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
·īȳôīüūoügar	·īȳôīüūoügáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
obȳpèar	obȳpèe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
evnìăkиqеīar	evnìăkиqеīe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
șMôе·r	șMôе·ste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
jòtqrюCr	jòtqrюCra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
sñhñyêübzar	sñhñyêübcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
áțauṣyêīr	áțauṣyêīremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
eñíiūïăir	eñíiūïăyera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
paāé'ïhēr	paāé'ïhēn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ăēòiñēàbêюse	ăēòiñēàbêюa	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
üțintæâar	üțintæâé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
vcvvwìьüuar	vcvvwìьüué	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
õâfíăr	õâfíăras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ешMшsyõâr	ешMшsyõâseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
lesïqțnpS r	lesïqțnpS seis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ãeClgjóur	ãeClgjóus	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
úwīшkqv-ăxar	úwīшkqv-ăxen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
șçæиñr	șçæиñríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ă'èuеiarse	ă'èuеíese	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
шnūrèpi-gæar	шnūrèpi-gæe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ã-xáMorar	no ã-xáMoremos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
acjàêеjar	acjàêеjábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
eVúṣèé·c-ar	eVúṣèé·c-en	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
àéббMr	àéббMban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
Süṣâáьсшhr	Süṣâáьсшhda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ôīsSïqāzmr	ôīsSïqāzmmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
uōïñȳôçzàcarse	no te uōïñȳôçzàques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
évnñü-иàcàr	évnñü-иàcàra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
юîæçí Vtrr	юîæçí Vtrdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ēgéàóãèar	no ēgéàóãèen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ìkè ãwtòmkar	ìkè ãwtòmken	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
üMfãtçkpVbr	üMfãtçkpVbría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
 hhюèsăVr	 hhюèsăVrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
țṣșypălr	țṣșypăls	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ñlnwșCăūdïar	ñlnwșCăūdïue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
Müüîãcar	Müüîãquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ȳumïcar	ȳumïcáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
vzbôrer	vzbôrjereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ôșvàMr	ôșvàMré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
èōeñțãȳNyr	èōeñțãȳNyrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
шbṣgyNàōșar	шbṣgyNàōșáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
е ș'qr	е ș'qses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ōюăwlçțīar	ōюăwlçțīa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ãVãvManбr	ãVãvManбréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
èețāàūdVеìr	èețāàūdVеìrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
dббn ôir	dббn ôyéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
suюyôínCar	suюyôínCe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
е'бсīar	е'бсīa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
wVúlVæēNmèr	wVúlVæēNmèría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
шiehèmvgnár	шiehèmvgnábais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ăwè'àçr	ăwè'àçban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
eMбízchиMиar	eMбízchиMиéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ētïêñar	no ētïêñes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
yăюăur	yăюăurías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
tюõìюor	tюõìюodo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ēōêūéqmdxaar	ēōêūéqmdxaó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
сwōúēèèиxr	сwōúēèèиxrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ílîè·akțr	ílîè·akțra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
áèîíūшç'ar	áèîíūшç'emos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
èsê'mt-áuir	èsê'mt-áuires	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
óбшāMьбôCīar	óбшāMьбôCīáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
izá-ãōh·ar	izá-ãōh·áremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
óSmî'r	óSmî'n	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
NwíțVṣáàsr	NwíțVṣáàsda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
Mс'o'éNr	Mс'o'éNeras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ãеgȳjr	ãеgȳjría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
Slêçïoklèìr	Slêçïoklèìba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
úīpòșî'r	úīpòșî'ren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
бèсzbwiăàr	бèсzbwiăàse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
бktū'r	бktū'reis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ñàеīNñír	ñàеīNñyera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ūюpîȳr	ūюpîȳría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
sīâăvòșșer	sīâăvòșșiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
Mãțьæșïvcer	Mãțьæșïvzcamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
îáōãMMdéеьer	îáōãMMdéеьiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
-õrv ü·ōã·ar	-õrv ü·ōã·en	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
wzüajèr	wzüajèn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ajñvdubxwar	ajñvdubxwe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
zVoMbôui xr	zVoMbôui xdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
áhūìюúkìar	áhūìюúkìéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
сêwãhkjfr	сêwãhkjfban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
Sīp'ñr	Sīp'ñría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
dшôīCuēñьter	dшôīCuēñьtjéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ā·zfl-r	ā·zfl-das	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
aăfàádCgбrse	os aăfàádCgбsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
āynīóïS'иșr	āynīóïS'иșseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
kāmōшr	kāmōшse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
düfúêiar	düfúêío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
-hбyțtar	no -hбyțtéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
weēCiïàzar	weēCiïàzéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
țеïçóēíòar	no țеïçóēíòes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ódçísar	ódçísemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ãçqūīr	ãçqūīrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
çșfâèбюr	çșfâèбюréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
üèāVбar	üèāVбásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ьCdșèsïüfr	ьCdșèsïüfréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
āæqdSюise	te āæqdSюias	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
mæíbhȳæìr	mæíbhȳæìbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ōșfaræà·ir	ōșfaræà·an	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
āūobîóūvoōr	āūobîóūvoōreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
àбxVMr	àбxVMron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ātkôíogēzèr	ātkôíogēzèn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ãéõNhlzc·ăse	me ãéõNhlzc·ăé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
иâvш··æūîar	иâvш··æūîe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ñæt-'ser	ñæt-'siesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
óékMigr	óékMigbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
-xszãzáиNr	-xszãzáиNa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ēâīiôòȳoшoar	ēâīiôòȳoшoábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
çãgwōmõr	çãgwōmõras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ōsиūòSçăar	ōsиūòSçăéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ūvȳpaшhсár	ūvȳpaшhсáéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ăfílòhбīnr	ăfílòhбīnse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ynбizuVе r	ynбizuVе s	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
kpMóebnr	kpMóebnrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
olьásíæhr	olьásíæhr	V;NFIN;spanish
NNáàēd·aúēr	NNáàēd·aúērías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
jòàw'r	jòàw're	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
·uhtMōlNè-r	·uhtMōlNè-rá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
Swеï jvсбr	Swеï jvсбda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
CçèzVōvxr	CçèzVōvxn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
üg'Níeqṣr	üg'Níeqṣremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
еySșjēēr	еySșjēēeses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
fsîçókçéar	fsîçókçéa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ūêсpdar	ūêсpde	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ūиēqïVaCūar	ūиēqïVaCūe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
pkjfeēxçr	pkjfeēxçse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
àсpéȳr	àсpéȳs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
·vMūūșсovar	·vMūūșсováremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
·âôăuar	·âôăue	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
xñóNărnюr	xñóNărnюré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
võmysæbarse	võmysæben	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
yhVêhaaюerse	yhVêhaaюidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
țççñâúòôor	țççñâúòôos	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ȳkț·юшar	ȳkț·юшéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
âêñ'бюr	âêñ'бюran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ю'l ür	ю'l üse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
jūNîō'òțcar	jūNîō'òțquen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ṣgaúõjōSñVr	ṣgaúõjōSñVse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ăqhMīбñor	ăqhMīбñoremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
îtCêcar	îtCêcemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
o-ūuhюr	o-ūuhюres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ú-grîățraerir	ú-grîățrairiéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
-qèшmȳür	-qèшmȳün	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ăceqoșdar	ăceqoșdes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
âcxã·сòr	âcxã·сòba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
·cūòpáâçzàar	no ·cūòpáâçzàes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
íõēîïr	íõēîïba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ōhtàrar	ōhtàréis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
buии'âr	buии'âda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
Meìșèбdwyr	Meìșèбdwyrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
mzc ñubçarse	se mzc ñubçuen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ô'uôhgūkñr	ô'uôhgūkñsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
Chèēçãvar	Chèēçãvé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
whurt·qá'Sar	whurt·qá'Só	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
'aьkVõ r	'aьkVõ res	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ícpшшse	me ícpшшé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
inюūȳseor	inюūȳseoré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
vīéwúSюer	vīéwúSюieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
șmеéób'·ar	șmеéób'·a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
êhñcūocnar	êhñcūocnó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
à·ñxær	à·ñxæn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
·òõāñr	·òõāñdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
wSíayìșCôse	os wSíayìșCôíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ã·tóēcæsr	ã·tóēcæsba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ș'sì-gr	ș'sì-gba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
Nhzșw·ó-ar	Nhzșw·ó-éis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
VvиóSCütr	VvиóSCütremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Sбâxdzar	no Sбâxdces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
òitìaókr	òitìaókd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
țïaçâīеōdSr	țïaçâīеōdSríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
vìíôṣr	vìíôṣrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
jte owbmăcr	jte owbmăcndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
çòîȳșsér	çòîȳșsésteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
óșò't-ьoьr	óșò't-ьoьras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
nwhьxîcüеr	nwhьxîcüеd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ôfãòqnõbóиarse	me ôfãòqnõbóиo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
uüáïьw'qír	uüáïьw'qíres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
qīôddìg·Sar	qīôddìg·Sarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
éômnț·Var	no éômnț·Véis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
oêajvèCer	oêajvèCan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
сízwhber	сízwhya	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
Nțṣūaîьêr	Nțṣūaîьêras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
SãōwсîSr	SãōwсîSdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
еñhī'r	еñhī'das	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
úNïбиçg-vór	úNïбиçg-vóríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
qnōCjarse	se qnōCjen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ūṣюțiar	ūṣюțien	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
üàoăMuțāìvirse	me üàoăMuțāìví	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
üürdáìêar	no üürdáìêen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
vgnăōuи'dr	vgnăōuи'dre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
uçâôVçr	uçâôVçbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
șíūæfīyăqqar	șíūæfīyăqqó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
çș·tēr	çș·tēd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
òūáàиmbbqr	òūáàиmbbqr	V;NFIN;spanish
õ·ăāecar	no õ·ăāeque	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
vàíбhar	no vàíбhes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
zqïràr	zqïràres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
úSòNnucæâar	úSòNnucæâo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ūgüêhfzr	ūgüêhfzbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ãàбèccõeflr	ãàбèccõeflremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
'NM-N·ar	'NM-N·ásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
êьìâtedirse	te êьìâtedibas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
oxhVlnãôóCr	oxhVlnãôóCríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
yV'ôkьóbfṣar	yV'ôkьóbfṣa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
xNьюōdăȳsr	xNьюōdăȳsste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ïçrrgșṣīyïr	ïçrrgșṣīyïd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
êșòétюyCer	êșòétюyCera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
oüMăácar	oüMăácaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
dșèīșāțsе'ïar	dișèīșāțsе'ïo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
âõhéúîьíuìar	no âõhéúîьíuìemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
xçã Carse	nos xçã Cáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
'gòò-nar	no 'gòò-néis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
áâиеaeCqьr	áâиеaeCqьreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
íõqêш ñr	íõqêш ñda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ñrȳēăшNrēgr	ñrȳēăшNrēgr	V;NFIN;spanish
tófōṣoxxher	tófōṣoxxhemos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ьvàèdêwêúar	no ьvàèdêwêúéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ï'uxîtr	ï'uxîtste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
бăügсó-éar	бăügсó-éemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
éīçïсóêmïdr	éīçïсóêmïdra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ēēîmvqfoșr	ēēîmvqfoșmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
pșū·īăar	pșū·īăáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Snwā·àS·xúr	Snwā·àS·xúse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
üîCșCar	üîCșCes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ajìïàюōhōvr	ajìïàюōhōvrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
íбzāuôțéôsr	íбzāuôțéôsrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ãMüfārmēNar	ãMüfārmēNado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
șrdáhgōNr	șrdáhgōNríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
 ìțhvr	 ìțhvría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
Sȳ Cíáar	Sȳ Cíááramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
êăõūïfr	êăõūïfste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ïîúìl·õèhcar	no ïîúìl·õèhquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ã-èīCecir	ã-èīCigamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ōpebãr	ōpebãseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
юVìSàșar	юVìSàșes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ṣṣ'çьшìkr	ṣṣ'çьшìkr	V;NFIN;spanish
éòpmșеj'ar	éòpmșеj'ó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
nkpvōtr	nkpvōtras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ãțMȳ'ьpñr	ãțMȳ'ьpñréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ñcMltșȳ-Sr	ñcMltșȳ-Sre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
b-übțr	b-übțd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Mсmȳãьr	Mсmȳãьra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ãūīVеar	ãūīVеemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
pțw·бōșr	pțw·бōșríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
 шīqçáæîwjar	 шīqçáæîwjen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
tбăh'r	tбăh'ese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ȳòzñler	ȳòzñlíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
jòæppr	jòæppréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
țūjñjfṣiбarse	nos țūjñjfṣiбábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
xcCqxïcōțòar	xcCqxïcōțòáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
 cõ·àqșúãâse	se  cõ·àqșúãâán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
çthȳîhlôr	çthȳîhlôdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ohеṣșquomr	ohеṣșquomra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
Mâșbqșsèr	Mâșbqșsèrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
·-aïõr	·-aïõría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
éMьȳúȳgrеr	éMьȳúȳgrеs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
éSmēṣōìr	éSmēṣōìese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ēūfzæqséȳár	ēūfzæqséȳáremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ṣó'pēr	ṣó'pērías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
āiSvôéáìиpr	āiSvôéáìиpdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ибíôúmr	ибíôúmban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ævqēîMșMvșar	ævqēîMșMvșe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
iSkàьcwó·r	iSkàьcwó·ste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
iéuêшșūr	iéuêшșūda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
 шôúюdīèar	 шôúюdīèásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
bôCmóvūr	bôCmóvūreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
иqrzVюnmxer	иqrzVюnmxan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
шüiznr	шüiznmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ïpax'Cgôēfr	ïpax'Cgôēfren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
gбюígVõwpr	gбюígVõwpr	V;NFIN;spanish
áfș'úиír	áfș'úиísen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
vôïȳdòæȳdr	vôïȳdòæȳdsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
óçSrșr	óçSrșremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
õjáVсMōсar	õjáVсMōсo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
uìсbi rvir	uìсbi rvan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
-·myezōāNCr	-·myezōāNCba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ēmьæõȳиur	ēmьæõȳиuríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
făñzюăæuese	se făñzюăæueán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ìjțp'íaestir	ìjțp'íaistieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
īfșüôēoa'nr	īfșüôēoa'nríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ipüшpюar	ipüшpюáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
âьygúw fьrar	âьygúw fьro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
еîcōdslr	еîcōdslseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
iòwȳfèиr	iòwȳfèиre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
·æюúrr	·æюúrríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ēdlñüюr	ēdlñüюréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ãoț-бar	ãoț-бe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
fçõéVyàr	fçõéVyàren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
nárkç·ar	nárkç·emos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
юúòȳīārrcúr	юúòȳīārrcúmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ãhìūșollar	ãhìūșuelles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
·ōæàxóòoar	·ōæàxóòoásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
úaèìjиr	úaèìjиrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
kēșbóțr	kēșbóțremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
èxiȳêr	èxiȳêd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
èMsuNjr	èMsuNjra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ōȳoìaî-ar	ōȳoìaî-é	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
бlmюîṣñеCñr	бlmюîṣñеCñba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
a-'SìCSr	a-'SìCSrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
kMâõxajyxkcer	no kMâõxajyxkgas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ūlșȳhòșīnâuar	ūlșȳhòșīnâúan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ștю q·óțçæar	ștю q·óțçæáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
mMïñüdodlvar	mMïñüdodlves	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
úīóèьr	úīóèьran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
Clȳmgшmlõar	no Clȳmgшmlõen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
īp ãбhr	īp ãбhríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ūVpīôçaér	ūVpīôçaér	V;NFIN;spanish
и-Czáêюkr	и-Czáêюkba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
gqsñæúȳñwer	gqsñæúȳñwimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ríï eãшbeīr	ríï eãшbeīremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
āīNбșṣar	āīNбșṣes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
wàldăwihVír	wàldăwihVírían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
kCê'egúéïõr	kCê'egúéïõses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
èàjьq ṣier	èàjьq ṣiyéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
jmcí'бar	jmcí'бáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
òjbjjôr·eçr	òjbjjôr·eçbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
âxMâoy Nær	âxMâoy Næremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
qhu-ōpaèaбcar	qhu-ōpaèaбquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
сōãàco юr	сōãàco юste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
lãyfnjṣcer	lãyfnjṣzca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
țõuênădbr	țõuênădbren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ьămēшțr	ьămēшțr	V;NFIN;spanish
ponæécar	ponæéquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
êьhсãuar	êьhсãuáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
zăê'Vvqr	zăê'Vvqmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
bàésì·lr	bàésì·lban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ēú-nwçSynar	ēú-nwçSynáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
mōбàȳwjеMюarse	me mōбàȳwjеMюe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
șcjnSrr	șcjnSrbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
è ç сñr	è ç сñrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
сūjúVеâr	сūjúVеâeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
àюēpwVhuhtr	àюēpwVhuhtre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ìoízôâNyòrse	ìoízôâNyòos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
pàōnáàr	pàōnáàbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
iweoсaеōbr	iweoсaеōbr	V;NFIN;spanish
ьüõygâīM·ar	ьüõygâīM·áramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
dq x r	dq x n	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
wVVç-Sïr	wVVç-Sïsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
èúCéārеoCr	èúCéārеoCr	V;NFIN;spanish
aюMeòìúuxar	aюMeòìúuxásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ṣâakhSdr	ṣâakhSdda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
Sсvшlr	Sсvшld	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
àìSæ àбr	àìSæ àбrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
vuaalxNñdir	vuaalxNñdáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
·иkyȳúànar	·иkyȳúànó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
Cțṣю'bmшrúr	Cțṣю'bmшrúron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ūюțîçzCñюr	ūюțîçzCñюreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
fcюsṣkr	fcюsṣkse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
sīMfkr	sīMfkda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
еmèyãzar	еmèyãces	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ãбṣșиșwțéиr	ãбṣșиșwțéиras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ṣ·āêțеar	ṣ·āêțеe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
C·ssеuôсш-r	C·ssеuôсш-s	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
éīюăMer	éīюăMeran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
eüăōìir	eüăōìyeseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
rrzáCzиcar	rrzáCzиque	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
rïnюwNruār	rïnюwNruārían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
joeòãhōer	joeòãhōeréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
daōṣfxjpiir	daōṣfxjpien	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
uícиzr	uícиzremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ôsàи-îCâpr	ôsàи-îCâprías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
fēpwllr	fēpwllran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
Csæsеar	Csæsеemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
āúgeюwáxyer	āúgeюwáxye	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
c éS-êíâîar	c éS-êíâîe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
CâzjēwMōr	CâzjēwMōse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ișāiсțjâьer	ișāiсțjâьdría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
üSьNьr	üSьNьreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ājkaMar	no ājkaMe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
șmю ñēúSarse	no os șmю ñēúSéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
u·ézār	u·ézāda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ïèшüdrçr	ïèшüdrçrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ūūqèiiar	ūūqèiiábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
õìсuïеēr	õìсuïеēréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ôȳюcfNиâr	ôȳюcfNиâron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
șèôîúбàéêcr	șèôîúбàéêcdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
b'êéсêíCyarse	me b'êéсêíCyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
Vюjaèбȳ-zar	Vюjaèбȳ-cemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
шvíúvger	no шvíúvgamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
бngбṣggr	бngбṣggren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ățîāìnr	ățîāìnre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
çșее êîьar	no çșее êîьemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
gàúæōеîyar	gàúæōеîyemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
quNqrșr	quNqrșrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
éеăïāțr	éеăïāțse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
îlxNCúūMar	îlxNCúūMásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
àpȳwúCpār	àpȳwúCpārais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
îīâwāiсăr	îīâwāiсăron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
újïhïbar	újïhïba	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
-gp-шīșõar	-gp-шīșõásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
āиnúòrbțâer	āиnúòrbțâímos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
bōSNjNеr	bōSNjNеreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
-õãçyüSkr	-õãçyüSkre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
qgéюroar	qgéюroemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
nе'Vōôar	nе'Vōôéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
hxóçwb·huar	no hxóçwb·húes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
hoVpjsīar	hoVpjsīes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
îеâqòq r	îеâqòq s	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ôgõçșиțñgar	ôgõçșиțñgemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
m ·qïsòе ær	m ·qïsòе æras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
yțcô·jcæir	yțcô·jcæían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
d·ăaõer	d·ăaõieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
țăC·æer	țăC·æiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
gcūúшover	gcūúшueve	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
náwõqer	náwõqía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
òȳMîãhr	òȳMîãhres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
yzçиu-kyíór	yzçиu-kyíómos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
jēs·kar	jēs·káremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
éu'nbágēòjr	éu'nbágēòjdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
bmtkīçfir	no bmtkīçfyamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ñe·wV-æqr	ñe·wV-æqr	V;NFIN;spanish
ōiеètVVzr	ōiеètVVzría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ēесțsònăar	ēесțsònăábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
юlăedȳgselr	юlăedȳgselría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
e Sçü·ăìïêr	e Sçü·ăìïêríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
xõyóôôbșr	xõyóôôbșríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ôșāîūw'ar	no ôșāîūw'emos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
rwīæqeõênr	rwīæqeõênmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
sеfNSuиar	sеfNSuиen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
âēеôàno-zar	âēеôàno-ce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
șúC ōMьсr	șúC ōMьсre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ímfюcMșNr	ímfюcMșNrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ôõñçwțüar	ôõñçwțüó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ãàhlqnȳxnшr	ãàhlqnȳxnшban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
șwсmьedȳōar	no șwсmьedȳōéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
òеìocâüñr	òеìocâüñremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
üêȳèțúuar	no üêȳèțúúe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
uюrâír	uюrâímos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
'бìūшhìr	'бìūшhìban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
tăh-ihôююr	tăh-ihôююd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ôăēōñíçr	ôăēōñíçremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
' zxS-șyr	' zxS-șysteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
uxpíèōScr	uxpíèōScba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
īăь-шașSéñr	īăь-шașSéñs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
wбdNțr	wбdNțrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
üșȳñófțr	üșȳñófțra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
шüèlīdfarse	nos шüèlīdfábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
âhve·gr	âhve·gba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
kïgītr	kïgītses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
бãrvбcīr	бãrvбcīste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
kxōãfVCбàar	kxōãfVCбàen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ьūó'ñõm·ēdcir	ьūó'ñõm·ēdjera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
 èoísgșr	 èoísgșd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
fиēmòōaloyr	fиēmòōaloydos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ṣьvьăkVôā'ar	ṣьvьăkVôā'e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
uáõòсr	uáõòсbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
Mkíìznarse	Mkíìznémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ēüciCuar	ēüciCuábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ēṣcSüūer	ēṣcSüūisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
xVnțüȳār	xVnțüȳārías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
бāyrx r	бāyrx das	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
æшrìlr	æшrìlsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
fюāasbMēòzer	fюāasbMēòzéis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ôбñṣuóăhìțr	ôбñṣuóăhìțs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
юVVêvzjèer	юVVêvzjèías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ōCaéiăsar	no ōCaéiăses	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
y·aáyr	y·aáyd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
lîSêdr	lîSêdba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
læoafkxwlr	læoafkxwlse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
xàyū-qidr	xàyū-qidd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
áсdy-r	áсdy-re	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
dȳṣsúȳcr	dȳṣsúȳcra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
mãîóqñVér	mãîóqñVéses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
òььãшar	no òььãшes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
Vī-ēv-ь àertir	Vī-ēv-ь àierten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
õgeòôbr	õgeòôbseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
æüóāиar	æüóāиáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
țlínyr	țlínyra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
·ṣpïrmr	·ṣpïrmendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
 àqpбMьæoar	 àqpбMьæoásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
cmîj-țdïpar	cmîj-țdïpáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
cskūótúr	cskūótúd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
юōtVxdìȳar	no юōtVxdìȳemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
fçïсà·r	fçïсà·da	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
MàñxâúfpéMar	no MàñxâúfpéMuen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ì-óæâеêgoūar	ì-óæâеêgoūemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
bì-xdtâxar	bì-xdtâxáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
õn kír	õn kímos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
noNóèr	noNóèremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Mьbéēbccar	Mьbéēbcque	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ȳMfâōqïcMSar	ȳMfâōqïcMSemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ētбhï ar	no ētбhï ues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
kmégçær	kmégçæres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
xîюCóīáuñar	xîюCóīáuñe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ãnkсñsonūerse	se ãnkсñsonūía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
иéNcêar	иéNcêásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
nāòāãr	nāòāãríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
еypóòbóC ȳr	еypóòbóC ȳr	V;NFIN;spanish
țCñbiçar	țCñbiçemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
íîóhēșьīar	íîóhēșьīe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
MçNæȳеSr	MçNæȳеSd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
wySïõēṣ-ôr	wySïõēṣ-ôré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
òбxsсr	òбxsсra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ôèæéūül'r	ôèæéūül'ríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
êïofxсбțmr	êïofxсбțmrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ìüьNиr	ìüьNиría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
mqūzhшyēvr	mqūzhшyēvron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
læōkõir	no læōkõyáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
·éüîūr	·éüîūremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
gțènimNpāar	gțènimNpāa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ïêqCvcfaár	ïêqCvcfaás	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
úșūyсwàr	úșūyсwàréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
rṣètȳéïrăíer	rṣètȳéïrăíiéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
óиkōMōȳṣr	óиkōMōȳṣren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ñptMMar	ñptMMo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
lSsvèfuór	lSsvèfuómos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ikcñkïīer	ikcñkïīere	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
paçēmīșse	se paçēmīșán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ūdhfyur	ūdhfyudo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
jūvìCkâr	jūvìCkâba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
·exüzíir	·exüzíéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
i-iàckkSr	i-iàckkSmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ьqóìir	ьqóìiremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
mNgVèãerirse	mNgVèãiriéndose	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
æúpaoīr	æúpaoīmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
bсjèțrar	bсjèțre	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
hȳīсúrse	se hȳīсúba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
wибlьyr	wибlьyd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
rirȳsбæór	rirȳsбæóres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
oómàx·ræVer	oómàx·ræVdrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
òеc-qеьîp·ar	no òеc-qеьîp·e	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ūè'jfVbr	ūè'jfVbres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ūiwqñüār	ūiwqñüāra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
zббfṣñcyar	no zббfṣñcyen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ēūâîьãсbcr	ēūâîьãсbcrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
êsсñnôr	êsсñnôses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
êfьșüñiçr	êfьșüñiçran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
pîñсgsur	pîñсgsuda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ãиagșсir	no ãиagșсamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
-xqàslNюсwr	-xqàslNюсwr	V;NFIN;spanish
vjесíégar	vjесíégáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
áïgеòynyòar	áïgеòynyòáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
āNàшyсr	āNàшyсdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
êñюjérse	te êñюjéste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
oNȳgtê-r	oNȳgtê-rán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ôбdnóâōâarse	nos ôбdnóâōâáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
aqsfьxcar	no aqsfьxques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ōílюuir	ōílюuíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
èótṣūçfȳár	èótṣūçfȳád	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
сdюaïCirse	se сdюaïCían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
pvkшuzær	pvkшuzæere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
k'õeVr	k'õeVdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
d'éiCüúr	d'éiCüúra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
'ï·üèr	'ï·üèba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ñgúvíìr	ñgúvíìsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
úăbíiar	úăbíien	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
úNCowóar	no úNCowóen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
īăāòсессr	īăāòсессseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
úă ffSñir	úă ffSñiba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ȳæâṣюar	no ȳæâṣюuemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
zшwôèâиьçsar	zшwôèâиьçsáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
üqqCșezmbbse	me üqqCșezmbbé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
еbShCeíss·r	еbShCeíss·ba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
-ūțèxr	-ūțèxría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
бjgMòoшr	бjgMòoшríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
wpбēиãw-r	wpбēиãw-n	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ã'üē'saãñțertar	ã'üē'saãñțierta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ãs·òMījèșjr	ãs·òMījèșjría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
-ééâoеr	-ééâoеrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ṣc-kcVar	ṣc-kcVe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
óSbiюíìyhir	óSbiюíìyhyese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
yæеqēyæâòr	yæеqēyæâòremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
бæôbkhcãr	бæôbkhcãs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ïбwшôcr	ïбwшôcste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
fìlèwüțar	no fìlèwüțes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ṣâfóîar	ṣâfóîemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
iygãóãсȳòSr	iygãóãсȳòSrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
 ēьшâțoozar	 ēьшâțoocen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
õьìeâjqr	õьìeâjqrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
Mhìīyāîьbr	Mhìīyāîьbseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
nVșNpôómbr	nVșNpôómbdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
Cèòúâиr	Cèòúâиremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
omVgVzar	omVgVcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ñgțōár	ñgțōárás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
с'lè șNpmnr	с'lè șNpmnran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ōȳȳjNōr	ōȳȳjNōrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
òñúīCaăúãār	òñúīCaăúãāndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ar ьțṣr	ar ьțṣríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ñVMõmkòr	ñVMõmkòmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ṣàdțeīkkr	ṣàdțeīkkré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
vkskzșсīor	vkskzșсīoría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ôeìțnеir	ôeìțnеía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
íṣшãahgã·ear	íṣшãahgã·eó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
màc·èækñqr	màc·èækñqn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
àwsçīṣțar	àwsçīṣțáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
sháïūêîōer	sháïūêîōan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
VсfиVaiīr	VсfиVaiīmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
 ïæaayNràur	 ïæaayNràubais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
árjehbVzr	árjehbVzría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
lSskphшèkir	lSskphшèkes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
aōṣpbūr	aōṣpbūrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ṣșāçicãr	ṣșāçicãseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
еõāünбȳōar	еõāünбȳōó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
 ·ââ·ær	 ·ââ·ædo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ūdṣnjácюăar	ūdṣnjácюăa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
emæră-ȳín ar	emæră-ȳín éis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
q'mșcșæar	q'mșcșæen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
òrșvcqse	os òrșvcqíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
odbãy-ar	odbãy-e	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
çp-qdqSar	çp-qdqSemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
CtìdсyьèеSer	CtìdсyьèеSiese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
pæēuьoiar	pæēuьoíense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
keс ēèrse	se keс ēèse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ïfvïrеkzar	no ïfvïrеkces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ēvȳdCíM-ôēar	ēvȳdCíM-ôēe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
āúsbāȳбiōse	te āúsbāȳбiōás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
éиīçīmzar	éиīçīmcemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
āNzfõçSçVr	āNzfõçSçVda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
áеNeCSh'r	áеNeCSh'sen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
șиxūkrse	me șиxūkba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
'·'īîckr	'·'īîckdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ChæíCȳ-ar	ChæíCȳ-ásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ṣōCíèíar	no ṣōCíèíemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
çèCîlqaüar	çèCîlqaüa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
úmæюhzōer	úmæюhzōga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ênrtçāhar	ênrtçāháramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
õūhȳ·-òr	õūhȳ·-òbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
Cèшüșwkîv·ar	Cèшüșwkîv·a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
юdеSNar	no юdеSNes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
юyï ēțêàir	юyï ēțêàirías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
hсèhewMxíenir	hсèhewMxíiniera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ncgçṣæūk·r	ncgçṣæūk·ré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
êțmêь'r	êțmêь'remos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
iăòlzr	iăòlzste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
сhïìxmïtaMar	сhïìxmïtaMes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
шV úzwбCMlir	шV úzwбCMlían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
SpydlȳzáSentir	SpydlȳzáSintamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
-'æb-õbíar	-'æb-õbíemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
līțztar	līțztemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
сишãăCwttar	сишãăCwttáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
fèьokюxbVāar	fèьokюxbVāáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
vțãūgàr	vțãūgàreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
Vüȳīбjahüюr	Vüȳīбjahüюse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
lçб-pcar	no lçб-pquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
só ūNkoïôtar	só ūNkoïôtáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ȳúxVõíjskdr	ȳúxVõíjskdrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
qbMfïhnNêr	qbMfïhnNêr	V;NFIN;spanish
ñ-Mnzarse	nos ñ-Mnzáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
yшoеēīScqr	yшoеēīScqdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ēdSnõnr	ēdSnõnseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
êāxàycar	êāxàyque	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
yèy hmr	yèy hmmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
-ē spmqбēțr	-ē spmqбēțréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
õçēbwr	õçēbwrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ìuьêpṣuьevr	ìuьêpṣuьevrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
íjóéváNȳpar	no íjóéváNȳpéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
kzl-сgēolæar	kzl-сgēolæó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
éañáümwéer	no éañáümwéa	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
puwòpīo·ar	no puwòpīo·emos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
țțîюüNqr	țțîюüNqban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
efdușsăer	efdușsăiera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
á-lâ-r	á-lâ-mos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
е·VéàaâNmir	е·VéàaâNmís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
шxj'ṣaNcwtzar	шxj'ṣaNcwtce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
îkuxūlôse	os îkuxūlôais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
pиõéãhșbxr	pиõéãhșbxseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
eṣ'rïse	nos eṣ'rïíamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
áhți-êïar	áhți-êïó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
mебȳnzar	no mебȳnces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ãăȳNюõ'шar	ãăȳNюõ'шéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
róçficюcюṣr	róçficюcюṣrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
țSшóьwбar	țSшóьwбa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
zãñbMtï·õèer	zãñbMtï·õèí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
āVrēfkkōеêr	āVrēfkkōеêra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
æ tïсeêüìшr	æ tïсeêüìшbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ôõьсdkar	no ôõьсdkéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
cū'ráyor	cū'ráyose	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
qõеpkkMbar	qõеpkkMbe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
mñ'yywsar	mñ'yywses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
auьīúVóCr	auьīúVóCendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
víиzȳzúr	víиzȳzúras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
-ìòqбMū mur	-ìòqбMū muría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
sbrèyr	sbrèys	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ьōțe ôæxuíar	ьōțe ôæxuía	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
úfóqyб 'țțer	úfóqyб 'țțigan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
gdcèqrõar	gdcèqrõé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
иiāòear	иiāòeábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
tyfépār	tyfépāste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ūиб qár	ūиб qárais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
òíьñêVшivèr	òíьñêVшivèr	V;NFIN;spanish
ïwuьсjūãS-r	ïwuьсjūãS-seis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
úãwCеMgrèèr	úãwCеMgrèèba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
шâcșàr	шâcșàmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
бwcnesșvnṣr	бwcnesșvnṣdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
àiô'Cēеīr	àiô'Cēеīré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
dțwñьtpīnmr	dțwñьtpīnmdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
-Múãqóar	no -Múãqóéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ălzeiеàēar	ălzeiеàēe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
țrjюcí·'ar	țrjюcí·'emos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
t'üбbqr	t'üбbqrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
īó- wanăair	īó- wanăaamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
xjшìNer	xjшìNeres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
vïhàìõr	vïhàìõndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
èôōïìCjшìar	èôōïìCjшìó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
àShíxVk-r	àShíxVk-ren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
иkMSnèsúar	no иkMSnèsúue	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
Cvīòfar	Cvīòfáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
āéoèîăer	āéoèîăesteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
Mțṣш áȳjīar	Mțṣш áȳjīábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
vVx·aîar	vVx·aîa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
âьēțсoar	âьēțсoáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
drṣãpсçr	drṣãpсçr	V;NFIN;spanish
àc·waêur	àc·waêud	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ïcmțāóбîūr	ïcmțāóбîūría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ōă'múõïīzr	ōă'múõïīzrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
țïæīaczțr	țïæīaczțste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
érâMеar	érâMеé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ēююèеr	ēююèеrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
hSVSmxeCr	hSVSmxeCse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
òūōiælvhr	òūōiælvhseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
dmgūódṣr	dmgūódṣran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
eșoMor	eșoMoremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Mpdfuar	Mpdfuáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
æífãшüícàar	æífãшüícàen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
üüjtyr	üüjtydo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
xcеéюméīēr	xcеéюméīēría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
zarctx·uar	zarctx·uaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
s-MSüèìoblar	s-MSüèìueble	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
âīāüyoīfbijar	no âīāüyoīfbíjen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
dáбșș шhițr	dáбșș шhițrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
иuhkсțar	иuhkсțáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ìxṣṣââиñr	ìxṣṣââиñda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
õī-Mijиr	õī-Mijиn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
twgțmī·dȳêar	twgțmī·dȳêe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
gюutkе·ēōír	gюutkе·ēōísteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
M-h'ēáCèær	M-h'ēáCèæse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ețuòьür	ețuòьüron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
bnsæzmádp-r	bnsæzmádp-ron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
qeæhíNȳar	no qeæhíNȳemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ōdāükeguir	ōdāükiguierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
cìṣwxr	cìṣwxs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
Ctmykar	Ctmykó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
jfuNțúсãеçr	jfuNțúсãеçre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
udêfȳêar	udêfȳêáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
óădéüãar	óădéüãe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
qVz-ṣōôar	qVz-ṣōôábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
mõăêиïy'fr	mõăêиïy'fron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
dиēōàìqarse	dиēōàìqémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
âxeo-ț'evar	âxeo-ț'eváis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
бōrьсr	бōrьсdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ñcúṣïr	ñcúṣïn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
āóçēõț -Sr	āóçēõț -Sren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
õVtcî'ar	õVtcî'ábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
Sūdüьиi'oōarse	se Sūdüьиi'oōa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
lzgñxăâMoиr	lzgñxăâMoиste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
õūōcêlr	õūōcêlbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ãsæw'r	ãsæw'seis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
qиzьăāōer	no qиzьăāōas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
çшæ'ебpâucar	no çшæ'ебpâuques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ríătwéür	ríătwéüres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
kâMïbxar	kâMïbxábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ésdèçãr	ésdèçãre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
nfüțьkēoapr	nfüțьkēoapse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
í'Nmìfшеăüar	í'Nmìfшеăüéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
çṣwóōkсdegir	no çṣwóōkсdijan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ō·jțóеr	ō·jțóеríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ē-ígòxàher	ē-ígòxàhisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
S-сvçar	S-сvçéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Nõâr·úr	Nõâr·úeras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
áȳ·иãpбar	áȳ·иãpбéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ñìmȳpcSșoner	ñìmȳpcSșusierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
Cșoòcеr	Cșoòcеren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
eymīòêeír	eymīòêeíres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
îéCṣátțfecir	îéCṣátțfijéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
kwCюzxòīlïr	kwCюzxòīlïese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
òpțòюaoóur	òpțòюaoóuba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ьaюūèòōíьSr	ьaюūèòōíьSseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ãiеõgfr	ãiеõgfmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
qv ōsãюr	qv ōsãюría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
àéjMúcar	àéjMúqué	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
īVïbюìōp·r	īVïbюìōp·re	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
dúcīïūsior	dúcīïūsioses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
áñldór	áñldósen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
çMóșàúar	çMóșàúábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
-nzmиápòitar	-nzmиápòité	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
êvíбVjjr	êvíбVjjríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
бюfüfdr	бюfüfdban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ïjçñwar	ïjçñwáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ȳhõêpьuar	ȳhõêpьuarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
hōtõziîler	hōtõziîlieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
àțшjVtбr	àțшjVtбrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
иfjazr	иfjazn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
soúCgиcèēсbьar	sueúCgиcèēсbьo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ìuíèăzar	ìuíèăze	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
sãrzшūSò'icharse	sãrzшūSò'íchense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ôgááâcNrse	ôgááâcNos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ãțéиtoèúhzar	ãțéиtoèúhcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
uôȳăwwar	uôȳăwwa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
póufúюér	póufúюéra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
Vúnjáсâб'ir	Vúnjáсâб'yeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
iãăoьSühjr	iãăoьSühjríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
abtьêсr	abtьêсmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
èfiôor	èfiôora	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
çobópisr	çobópisn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ómãhîçóîfr	ómãhîçóîfba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
à·hókdòrr	à·hókdòrera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
āæqéīlq æar	no āæqéīlq æen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
xьáīȳir	xьáīȳiron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
gwéñūșȳ·fr	gwéñūșȳ·fba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
āâaçór	āâaçóremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
qqōîrr	qqōîrría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
iôôotyеSr	iôôotyеSsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
kôwzăōțher	kôwzăōțhese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
uíroóшoúáer	uíroóшoúáeban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
rìrìor	rìrìosen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
āсàōșVzшar	āсàōșVzшemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
Cxd·óqxjr	Cxd·óqxjban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
vyăшеVer	vyăшеVeseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
içóípūr	içóípūre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
âññшkсoьfсr	âññшkсoьfсría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
õvêиôṣar	õvêиôṣa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
bMīhṣár	bMīhṣáeres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ènâșьar	ènâșьe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
áuāpиr	áuāpиdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
gvncer	gvnceremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
zdçēkеr	zdçēkеn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ñCjôьïúeguir	ñCjôьïúiguiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
·CñúēCâr	·CñúēCâren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
lókiюr	lókiюses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
quçюīîSxcr	quçюīîSxcdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
șioóôàñór	șioóôàñódos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
â ohêær	â ohêæse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
țиádș 'âCr	țиádș 'âCreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
dçēæhqāñar	dçēæhqāñábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ucūmjr	ucūmjran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
Vîôíāgēōbar	Vîôíāgēōbéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ìiñēüȳшqouarse	se ìiñēüȳшqoúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
īïxiecșòxr	īïxiecșòxban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
lkúîбbuMMr	lkúîбbuMMra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
éelpêòvбēr	éelpêòvбēsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
Nkū·í-ãtr	Nkū·í-ãtse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ázīchшōgéôrse	nos ázīchшōgéômos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
юrñáyăcш ȳr	юrñáyăcш ȳmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
бrxêkjwêfr	бrxêkjwêfr	V;NFIN;spanish
ñôrêțkíēñar	ñôrêțkíēñé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
jrkūdaāūсar	no jrkūdaāūсemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
dâьSшr	dâьSшseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
Cgtiêóxãrdr	Cgtiêóxãrdste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
jõôpóòéar	no jõôpóòée	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
âàdzvïsar	âàdzvïsábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
cCoōьpder	cCoōьpdíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ūьcCVôбvòmr	ūьcCVôбvòmron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
zN'cpnlюr	zN'cpnlюdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
aáиcūuyr	aáиcūuysteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
çt-poear	çt-poead	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
-îæшēegr	-îæшēegrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
āñc  laur	āñc  laura	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
Ctȳeiăêr	Ctȳeiăêréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ăáșqér	ăáșqéd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ūffsSăar	no ūffsSăéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
uиēūfaar	uиēūfauviste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
Méyòváóñvr	Méyòváóñvreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
êáȳNtcpyr	êáȳNtcpyràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
îoC-gMeãōar	îoC-gMeãōéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
j·сNsr	j·сNsdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
бõçMõсàr	бõçMõсàrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
бmlæôṣar	бmlæôṣem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
·oayôkâr	·oayôkâren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
òiíșzar	òiíșzuéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ñūñșdhar	ñūñșdha	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
kăcéбōçõécar	kăcéбōçõéqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
-ūvàãàr	-ūvàãànt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
-iīríēar-se	-iīríēàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ṣnç ôr	ṣnç ôres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
jVșmьшòеkar	jVșmьшòеko	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
mêdеaìíț·r	mêdеaìíț·ts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
jõеbãóíknr	jõеbãóíknres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ēwúbȳwшr	ēwúbȳwшnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ббõâéVure	ббõâéVguéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
wNãāç·æиār	wNãāç·æиādes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ãqóVïшūòюçr	ãqóVïшūòюçda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ītmõбar	ītmõбen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
xüáw'еwrīr	xüáw'еwrīts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
hnбūúìïhar	hnбūúìïhes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
wиcìjr	wиcìjré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ēțююṣhqиîar	ēțююṣhqиîés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ê'ūèmsar	ê'ūèmsessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ьkьóбéîr	ьkьóбéîm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
éSìæMâar	éSìæMâàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
oеoȳaбиüōar	oеoȳaбиüōí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
CMfuiūar	CMfuiūessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
parèбCwеéēàr	pareбCwеéēàm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
еúpMpàrór	еúpMpàróràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
·vfñaar	·vfñaa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ț·itñr	ț·itñreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
MivíNNar	MivíNNí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
üæ·ãõgar	üæ·ãõgem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ăjxM ôïs-se	ăjxM ôïseu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
сkfṣgr	сkfṣgríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
u'ôбāiCcōànyer	u'ôбāiCcōanyíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
eôâè'-шmçcar	eôâè'-шmçquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
 g-órãшCur	 g-órãшCuren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
бü-îobr	бü-îobts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ñylmcб'îșr	ñylmcб'îșríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
Mīzêpçôïtar	Mīzêpçôïto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
шabсvSiõșúr	шabсvSiõșúm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
üīõüvar	üīõüvaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
goæMzCr	goæMzCr	V;NFIN;catalan
 lúVóсar	 lúVóсeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
qug'voīúqear	qug'voīúqeem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ūgévMjbr	ūgévMjbrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
üēèīēr	üēèīēríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
iCMsear	iCMseàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
'üaòsSuar	'üaòsSuem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
Mțìèrr	Mțìèrria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
Nqúlüure	Nqúlüïa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ōMp xõaïīar	ōMp xõaïīàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
qtṣdïшãwțar	qtṣdïшãwțés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
wyюêer	wyюêeràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ōьràéaar	ōьràéai	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
aáшàȳtgmīбr	aáшàȳtgmīбria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
myuсшcCr	myuсшcCria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
æșNxãr	æșNxãria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
îшjāçfavшkr	îшjāçfavшkren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
spī·fâèr	spī·fâèva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
oīljèеfwиr	oīljèеfwиva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ṣækêuãyobīr	ṣækêuãyobīràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
șíMàrqôoir	șíMàrqôoís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ìsüãíCiōír	ìsüãíCiōíria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ì-êṣsaxer	ì-êṣsaxeva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ïăæéde	ïăæédia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
òòSìkCcāēṣr	òòSìkCcāēṣdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
шNîNñõêñțбar	шNîNñõêñțбéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
énCzágjkar	énCzágjkés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
féôpawюțNṣar	féôpawюțNṣessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
hôюvṣñoóp-ar	hôюvṣñoóp-ueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
xyéfrîkar	xyéfrîkessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
'óиȳyșhșfr	'óиȳyșhșfr	V;NFIN;catalan
xpmóиæбr	xpmóиæбrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
-țāæô'-se	-țāæô'ies	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
xjиüūæātdre	xjиüūæātguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
wȳīwaеénar	wȳīwaеénàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
èшēhõvéêzar	èшēhõvéêzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ēiṣèūñêâSìr	ēiṣèūñêâSìr	V;NFIN;catalan
æюiíxar	æюiíxem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
k'ȳîlúêar	k'ȳîlúêi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ìīôṣòūir	ìīôṣòūí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
üfṣâVCiñnr	üfṣâVCiñnva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
бrиóȳьr	бrиóȳьrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
h'êñșàæxvȳar	h'êñșàæxvȳessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ṣfunòqăoāir	ṣfunòqăoāeix	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ãuî qiūsțæar	ãuî qiūsțæeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
бSkzañēõõr	бSkzañēõõríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ârV-óиhr	ârV-óиhven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
hugyér	hugyéres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
îбCSêбēar	îбCSêбēem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
àNȳăiиâ șhdre	àNȳăiиâ șhgueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
regõçâесC'údyar	circõçâесC'údyin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ōēātūr	ōēātūr	V;NFIN;catalan
ūpõymqâfu'ar	ūpõymqâfu'àreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
țxpe'еsükar	țxpe'еsükeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
nhсoüáar	nhсoüáa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
бēăãțre	бēăãțen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
élzhìMr	élzhìMts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
iMzéxS'pnor	iMzéxS'pnoran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ēâīțălar	ēâīțălà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
üèñôdиеiñr	üèñôdиеiñries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
àçgèï-îīîzdre	àçgèï-îīîzgueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ïæюgṣçúț'r	ïæюgṣçúț'nt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
n  șсetșúNar	n  șсetșúNàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ìïȳâïr	ìïȳâïdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
pâшãoær	pâшãoæria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ìюõuãr	ìюõuãdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
æxиVér	æxиVér	V;NFIN;catalan
òюohocar	òюohoquem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
Mvôgáàsìr	Mvôgáàsìves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
õtисôwar	õtисôwàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
xáúьïțбar	xáúьïțбa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
·ïíràòēsar	·ïíràòēseu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
Cbbãúbбfr	Cbbãúbбfrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
yȳebyæSçar	yȳebyæSces	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
uшă·üțwar	uшă·üțwéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
mkṣ-ïnor	mkṣ-ïnoríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
āpюhvódar	āpюhvódàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
vgsxșhț țüar	vgsxșhț țües	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
lîīōñvir-se	lîīōñvíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
Slīâēшr	Slīâēшreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
Skēțшyvțr	Skēțшyvțria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ātеãōSre	ātеãōSéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
êçațy ar	êçațy eu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
SéVõüāar	SéVõüāeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
mā-dküõar	mā-dküõà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
dwxlăшīó·nar	dwxlăшīó·nà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
и-áьeüțw'Sir	и-áьeüțw'Seixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
Cüôo-ò Mar	Cüôo-ò Meu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
úpõțáhuāar	úpõțáhuāem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
 șüūnure	 șüūnguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
àæêdáïhar	àæêdáïho	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ñūțáñlr	ñūțáñlria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ăSôa юar	ăSôa юessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ūvgæñr	ūvgæñva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
rюoáêdxpir	rюoáêdxpís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ēāбâиșâar	ēāбâиșâem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
еvtiwūàdre	еvtiwūàíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ădçējuïar	ădçējuïéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
иôàçū hgăãar	иôàçū hgăãàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
üìüàbîbvr	üìüàbîbvres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
·ēàSссōvápar	·ēàSссōvápo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ю țqâàêar	ю țqâàêueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ā'ôre·sьr	ā'ôre·sьres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
mxfúăSь'pr	mxfúăSь'pria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
țC'Cmnâēr	țC'Cmnâēr	V;NFIN;catalan
ōüăvìȳkar	ōüăvìȳkessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
áȳõьшшñúórrer	áȳõьшшñúorri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
fSwóélüãāшir	fSwóélüãāшïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
õvеṣțêiēéixer	õvеṣțêiēeixéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
'ìбaòбqr	'ìбaòбqven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ãțíVmú-r	ãțíVmú-va	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
Cõеkur	Cõеkuran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
smòo Cбáбe	smòo Cбáбíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
áьCúñr	áьCúñva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
êâēāujjе fr	êâēāujjе frà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ююbbбūñîr	ююbbбūñîres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
õьăæиCíеr	õьăæиCíеm	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
сãāpnr	сãāpnren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
wlmșmrir	wlmșmriran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
âōzсspar	âōzсspàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
dțbSoălr	dțbSoălrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
'i șōxófVbr	'i șōxófVbven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ăбáāruāhlar	ăбáāruāhlin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
oìvoúâíNar	oìvoúâíNem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
юChõiuōșâcar	юChõiuōșâqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
āïzSсuțuõar	āïzSсuțuõueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
jțtwqîîmúar	jțtwqîîmúàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
è rāhшar	è rāhшàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
Mjrōеṣbéóēar	Mjrōеṣbéóēàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
șș·æCăüihsr	șș·æCăüihsran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
еVzoîvmṣr	еVzoîvmṣves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
aṣciîje	aṣciîjien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
Sȳqffir	Sȳqffíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
rïõqêāSar	rïõqêāSa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ürhvțшiìgNr	ürhvțшiìgNrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
 ăçyíbfqиr	 ăçyíbfqиr	V;NFIN;catalan
áoеlaбbȳar	áoеlaбbȳàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
óêîcèãcar	óêîcèãquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
Săüшиîçūçāar	Săüшиîçūçāin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
qóésíSéȳaar	qóésíSéȳaessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
șótlеiar	șótlеien	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
èV'æüíôr	èV'æüíôries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
isíSсar	isíSсïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
vôèvбïáxure	vèiôèvбïáxm	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ôșíbõиar	ôșíbõиïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
·tózūdre	·tózūguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
swáVMr	swáVMr	V;NFIN;catalan
-ăõxdшîéóьar	-ăõxdшîéóьàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ïqkàеar	ïqkàеeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
cîvōvfïr	cîvōvfïven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
çāóìnâr	çāóìnâríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
fhmfoôfūā'ar	fhmfoôfūā'a	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
SțçékăVole	SțçékăVolà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
CSūtсâVfSMre	CSūtсâVfSMeren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
îьõīиñīír	îьõīиñīíria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
áæ pâüājar	áæ pâüāgéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
Míx·Cūâăjrir	Míx·Cūâăjrïen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ăhb·áíôór	ăhb·áíôóreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
êCnêеēzsr	êCnêеēzsda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
oюïpülețr	oюïpülețr	V;NFIN;catalan
rõãìāьȳzyūcar	rõãìāьȳzyūquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
сrtzê·ætdre	сrtzê·ætgués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ūшhá'àjñêar	ūшhá'àjñêàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
țș-çâkar	țș-çâka	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
āesqбófar	āesqбóféssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
hrьC'r	hrьC'gui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
Vôjțìkîâir	Vôjțìkîâiria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ewâăîíópōr	ewâăîíópōré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
oCбшCxисêr	oCбшCxисêda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
NõìúțCar	NõìúțCo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
nиăgūnōsьr	nиăgūnōsьràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
wfеîmr	wfеîmva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
юs ȳbür	юs ȳbünt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
bVstīâér	bVstīâéva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
юrçéсoar	юrçéсoi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
èütbṣrNar	èütbṣrNa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
çzóloCăar	çzóloCăés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ñsVzìvar	ñsVzìves	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
íSxюmșæюãar	íSxюmșæюãés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
cètfōьhar	cètfōьhis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
iñSțráâdre	iñSțráâgui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
țnșîñnãjstr	țnșîñnãjstr	V;NFIN;catalan
Vbá ó·ar	Vbá ó·àrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
SNtwfîé·qar	SNtwfîé·qàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
NeïNăr	NeïNăssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
itf-сfiar	itf-сfiàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
áNcбtō·ūár	áNcбtō·ūáràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
vavbȳar	vavbȳàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
âеюlāãсkбàar	âеюlāãсkбàà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
yбiçtàoēōèixer	yбiçtàoēōegueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
èи-сüббñr	èи-сüббñu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ȳVSèNăеr	ȳVSèNăеran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
VюMçț șïr	VюMçț șïríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
Nṣnüсoóīúr	Nṣnüсoóīúnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
wcNicr	wcNicr	V;NFIN;catalan
Cmbāár	Cmbāáreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ãеyâ -oar	ãеyâ -oo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
mṣõCg·ăṣr	mṣõCg·ăṣt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
âô·ñir	âô·ñiries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
Víюjïvиюar	Víюjïvиюà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
săqьïțr	săqьïțré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
Vhãсïr	Vhãсïr	V;NFIN;catalan
ríõsьbèæar	ríõsьbèæo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
keõсьéwtor	keõсьéwtoria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
SāștCôte	SāștCôte	V;NFIN;catalan
nțȳæsèȳс ír-se	nțȳæsèȳс ím	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
 āéefar	 āéefeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
īnkxеüVâôr	īnkxеüVâôva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
çíwiâñmlбr	çíwiâñmlбves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
Mgьzj'íïïdar	Mgьzj'íïïdessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
țæSzCr	țæSzCves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
éâhæir	éâhæiré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
õюpníьahxõdre	õюpníьahxõia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
pи-îïMȳjnèr	pи-îïMȳjnèria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
çujȳqar	çujȳqà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
àmṣsìar	àmṣsìessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
jwSeóñM ir	jwSeóñM í	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
üozSȳqre	üozSȳqin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
сàttòб Sqr	сàttòб Sqves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ūêeōzCir	ūêeōzCí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
-ṣmõțêvr	-ṣmõțêvrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
Méfēár	Méfēáva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
sюoéиṣìy'õr	sюoéиṣìy'õt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
oVtátõūçòr	oeVtátõūçòxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ṣxбssṣNṣúr	ṣxбssṣNṣúren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
бeâçqсxcar	бeâçqсxquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ãçăhMsòar	ãçăhMsòem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
üșbuõшæwsar	üșbuõшæwsueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
 ñmdíhfàure's	t' ñmdíhfàgueres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
òóàôеüar	òóàôеüessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ăalaòpr	ăalaòprà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
îmeãæêuar	îmeãæêuessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
àôNțcr	àôNțcres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ōañíwar	ōañíwàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
æiăīwhõr	æiăīwhõràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ñìNñиar	ñìNñиàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
dtrSzr	dtrSzria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
īdmüxCNăr	īdmüxCNănt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
v'cêīшccar	v'cêīшcqués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
еqеīñòoюr	еqеīñòoюríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
lшăōVtr	lшăōVtria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
g ækсm-ăòr	g ækсm-ăòves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ăcīcиar	ăcīcиa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
âõvṣúvãшr	âõvṣúvãшven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
üшkânȳar	üшkânȳà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
æqèсbsșífwir	æqèсbsșífwíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ī îиbr	ī îиbríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ìóknïr	ìóknïr	V;NFIN;catalan
юfw-еюîxe	юfw-еюîxà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
iükêáīSôr	iükêáīSôr	V;NFIN;catalan
ïy'hеrb·pшenir	ïy'hеrb·pшingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ьCmьjюòVwrr	ьCmьjюòVwrres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
gtôíxīбar	gtôíxīбi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
óăьM'ôr	óăьM'ôr	V;NFIN;catalan
zбévеș-ñcar	zбévеș-ñqui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
шfdïïar	шfdïïa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
'íoubăăar	'íoubăăen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
woîwțSèlиjar	woîwțSèlиgin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
qāâzêсxшNar	qāâzêсxшNo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
oèpypàõzar	oèpypàõzem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
țṣuwwmōr	țṣuwwmōria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ăwūcòȳíyîüortir	ăwūcòȳíyîüurt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ákicoçir	ákicoçeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
âeMbюávar	âeMbюávàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ïlçâæáVur	ïlçâæáVuràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
èCеîãre	èCеîãeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ărpăсtkūèár	ărpăсtkūèáríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ìmgaCiâar	ìmgaCiâa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ȳēóátèràure	ȳēóátèràguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
âȳüMșōy·var	âȳüMșōy·vem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
wsêãàqppìir	wsêãàqppìí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
âеuюCôppiar	âеuюCôppieu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
vâ·ēaar	vâ·ēain	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
шóúâCï·éMer	шóúâCï·éMeren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ū'ьódràar	ū'ьódrào	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
etāNȳgendre	etāNȳgès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ãñșõVṣcar	ãñșõVṣquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ñtzkсbvMüir	ñtzkсbvMüeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
djēoòzîr	djēoòzîen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
lìíí' xar	lìíí' xin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
eítávar	eítávàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
duïhшéãñr	duïhшéãñr	V;NFIN;catalan
ишaōеar	ишaōеem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
бáюeMșd āwdre	бáюeMșd āwguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
ōtéúāéeuõr	ōtéúāéeuõreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
mschâSr	mschâSríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
vàbmșar	vàbmșà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
Cîrnïбçar	Cîrnïбcen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ztdõãṣ-óendre	ztdõãṣ-óès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
шșnăшar	шșnăшéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
qVȳîowar	qVȳîowi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
hãñderïâure	havãñderïâm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
bSjkòsüqwar	bSjkòsüqwem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
wCcòuēar	wCcòuēuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
'çgyăr	'çgyăda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
õz'y-qsиlxir	õz'y-qsиlxí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
'ȳCūșãcuqàr	'ȳCūșãcuqàven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
m·akēhṣr	m·akēhṣrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ôlиăqèīr	ôlиăqèīreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
t·bшámar	t·bшámi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
īygàwlMбâūr	īygàwlMбâūries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
āN'qyr	āN'qyven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ьàwwèиr	ьàwwèиnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
gēMáēkfVar	gēMáēkfVeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ūdüe·úìeṣr	ūdüe·úìeṣda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ípàcăṣеcar	ípàcăṣеqueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
еñàáîir	еñàáîíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ãíю·lócar	ãíю·lóquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
àyîpсīṣer	àyîpсīṣer	V;NFIN;catalan
è·ьâ âāê-ōir	è·ьâ âāê-ōïssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
юеȳfēиūȳбór	юеȳfēиūȳбóven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
nyóVсv íSar	nyóVсv íSi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
иòèțMr	иòèțMr	V;NFIN;catalan
шyț ìpînlar	шyț ìpînlés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
æēășkūбr	æēășkūбnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
xlíõñr	xlíõñven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
gòjшSòar	gòjшSòés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
êçyq-áсшar	êçyq-áсшuis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
muūVîr	muūVîssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
zúNîșôūwb-r	zúNîșôūwb-res	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
qlȳpòyr	qlȳpòyríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ôïrwūir	ôïrwūiré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
qïqCdóțr	qïqCdóțries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
qбtãbs ñar	qбtãbs ñàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
flóиīïar	flóиīïés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
oō uôéaar	oō uôéaàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
bēшtîifьlar	bēшtîifьleu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
fCtzbïõáar	fCtzbïõáem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
Npçeïïar	Npçeïïés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
skVèòèncer	skVèòencérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ȳббNCôr	ȳббNCôríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ypàzpkar	ypàzpkés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
fúkșVptir	fúkșVptíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ūrhеîyètéșr	ūrhеîyètéșré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
țôíuñzir	țôíuñzeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
șōqçáюp ure	șōqçáюp gui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
Mṣsăwш·âr	Mṣsăwш·âda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
MxьuōèMMjeir	MxьuōèMMjeís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
cyîkkar	cyîkkà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ăeMrtīVr	ăeMrtīVran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
naăjāádmlсr	naăjāádmlсnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
sfsêçṣdre	sfsêçṣies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
cnyõuCojar	cnyõuCogis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
nnáyæepēar	nnáyæepēa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ьínóêиæē·war	ьínóêиæē·wo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ōeūṣéțar	ōeūṣéțà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
N'õ-ṣr	N'õ-ṣré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
NæíqиюdēōMr	NæíqиюdēōMr	V;NFIN;catalan
mâșțâuñār	mâșțâuñānt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
éúāьjuìr	éúāьjuìnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
îею сōюr	îею сōюdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ț t·sr	ț t·sa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
úsççãâçgo-se	úsççãâçgoeu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
īāzṣeükrar	īāzṣeükrà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
īшfãetṣmьar	īшfãetṣmьeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
êbȳhévãăôr	êbȳhévãăôria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ïæoóír	ïæoóíré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
éfшavìóvfmr	éfшavìóvfmrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ăejçè·r	ăejçè·rem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
Vhpjwq ar	Vhpjwq àveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ōpьkèqir	ōpьkèqíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
õāìaсêîȳjôar	õāìaсêîȳjôis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
бáьthсăr	бáьthсădes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
lè'whсzăr	lè'whсzărem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
õçféuNnnr	õçféuNnnré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
·gVшсgr	·gVшсgria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
âēk-ãóNar	âēk-ãóNem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
țmCșṣr	țmCșṣries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ștèvьVíêr	ștèvьVíêr	V;NFIN;catalan
nūvсìhбar-se	nūvсìhбis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
pṣCêib·o'ȳar	pṣCêib·o'ȳàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
nohuôtúæēxar	nohuôtúæēxàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
êțìCzьir-se	êțìCzьíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
çNSjSloghenir	çNSjSloghindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
шceífdr	шceífdran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
qíæìiçz-se	qíæìiçzàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
òæyâpāūúrar	òæyâpāūúra	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
wçîns·õюñțar	wçîns·õюñțessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
țrțlqqēar	țrțlqqēem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
îMæôf'íüguar	îMæôf'íüguui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
fâеìеác uà-se	fâеìеác uàen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
i-Vtdìçáxar	i-Vtdìçáxés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
úuēèysar	úuēèysen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
-cúî·ênèшшr	-cúî·ênèшшran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
бṣiõșar	бṣiõșes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
vūшîúr	vūшîúràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
CSțāсàqar	CSțāсàqis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
cidMàățar	cidMàățin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
agühdâcьr	agühdâcьreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
'æSêõúãpôure	'æSêõúãpôui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
óṣiēkar	óṣiēkessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
âăшêir	âăшêir	V;NFIN;catalan
-àNóñqzṣar	-àNóñqzṣuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
īúçūVóvïêar	īúçūVóvïêin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
wfсjēеăègar	wfсjēеăègessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
êêōбaôr	êêōбaôts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
'Nánàmбjir	'Nánàmбjí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
êtNāȳe	êtNāȳíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
с·õüàuьr	с·õüàuьria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
óæqsjnṣïjójar	óæqsjnṣïjóges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
éṣâzсeïnar	éṣâzсeïnem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
gсsсjïsjar	gсsсjïsgeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
tMīeMțar	tMīeMțarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
cèț îüюCr	cèț îüюCrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
fīюшrr	fīюшrran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
aāãюíkôиюjr	aāãюíkôиюjres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
SNȳæúōar	SNȳæúōessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
rșMjgNSmvhr	rșMjgNSmvhries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
tcôgòqar	tcôgòqem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
vdvюçìêàar	vdvюçìêàéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
jшóиfrеõ·wr	jшóиfrеõ·wríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
fe-rôиèükèixer	fe-rôиèükeixeran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
fшêè·ær	fшêè·æries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
шdșaāñсôyr	шdșaāñсôyr	V;NFIN;catalan
roMélr	roMélrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ōMшcqar	ōMшcqen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ābьшhюuwr	ābьшhюuwrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
 jōòéqywr	 jōòéqywrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
бsíxшhehdìr	бsíxшhehdìrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
țăṣhdbjșcar	țăṣhdbjșquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
íшāēdòar	íшāēdòades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ïdjȳjvy-vnir	ïdjȳjvy-vnís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
шṣțòõïī ír	шṣțòõïī íria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
шȳaīò·r	шȳaīò·ven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
C'õqMюvríar	C'õqMюvríem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
еîvīиmr	еîvīиmrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
drüNpиõár	drüNpиõáreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ècàéбñшqr	ècàéбñшqries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
õеõsCr	õеõsCr	V;NFIN;catalan
'ãdoõir	'ãdoõit	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
íìóá·șCar	íìóá·șCin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ãNpâṣóêñеr	ãNpâṣóêñеnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ãшór êиqñêr	ãшór êиqñêva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
āòсúțdòш·b-se	āòсúțdòш·ban	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ácīāCVar	ácīāCVem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ôòNêCиííìar	ôòNêCиííìes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
æșīсúCïсr	æșīсúCïсria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
eíиVsāér	eíиVsāéves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
vnlæ-Vir	vnlæ-Veixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
āeáM·pìlxôir	āeáM·pìlxôïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
iCâMiõér	iCâMiõét	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
éìțāīбqüìsdre	éìțāīбqüìsguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ūãryúâr	ūãryúâm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ú'kòlgúpMюar	ú'kòlgúpMюàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
Sxõ·zNcèixer	Sxõ·zNcegueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ēиnúăgoсmr	ēиnúăgoсmts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
юeôṣCïшkr	юeôṣCïшkria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
w ñȳãеuāür	w ñȳãеuāüm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
-æzqéwwbțsar	-æzqéwwbțsa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
zimjȳSțoьuar	zimjȳSțoьuin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ælpná·r	ælpná·ssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ófèèшьāèūdr	ófèèшьāèūdva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
bCCеkxșêúáar	bCCеkxșêúáem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ñoēóiēüṣpñar	ñoēóiēüṣpñen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
wnqṣàir	wnqṣàïu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
VçîебсVr	VçîебсVres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
çu·ìésюеCшr	çu·ìésюеCшres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ș·ôobíxïr	ș·ôobíxïnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ffçūoêōūifr	ffçūoêōūifdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ówāôSă'îr	ówāôSă'îrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
dVîеzîúr	dVîеzîúen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
īūñuzeéüar	īūñuzeéüàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
șīafьrsîșar	șīafьrsîși	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ChxòwNéб·ure	ChxòwNéб·guin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ēõâòqVr	ēõâòqVreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
vu·æMиóqéîr	vu·æMиóqéîreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
vufìêïr	vufìêïr	V;NFIN;catalan
lьeâēoóêar	lьeâēoóêes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
țpòlyíar	țpòlyíessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
pшшy ьr	pшшy ьries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
fjñhcîNpqṣr	fjñhcîNpqṣren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
m·Vāmsеkьar	m·Vāmsеkьí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ôà·Cjar	ôà·Cjo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
jãukvïvr	jãukvïvran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
tqсMçhzeèair	tqсMçhzeèaïu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
wcjtsrșyàie	wcjtsrșyàià	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
cișīюüsõMar	cișīюüsõMàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
æéxúp' êcar	æéxúp' êquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
áădèôççêáiar	áădèôççêáia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
țèíбеekr	țèíбеekva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
āaxm·'êr	āaxm·'êria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
āè-ṣеar	āè-ṣеi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
gàNNqr	gàNNqré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
сūzьir	сūzьiren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
 ·ìxȳṣī r	 ·ìxȳṣī ts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
'zz·Cеuṣgre	'zz·Cеuṣgi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
õuçVlagVìîar	õuçVlagVìîéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
eâúêéșSr	eâúêéșSa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
xìv-Séar	xìv-Séi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
yàsqçеvïxсar	yàsqçеvïxсi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
õfииèш'ühar	õfииèш'ühéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
ьhíôшю·jbar	ьhíôшю·jbin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
Cиõ·jīxNtSr	Cиõ·jīxNtSu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ôúywēôьe	ôúywēôьàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
шSætkṣîcar	шSætkṣîà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
Ssgиār	Ssgиārien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ōȳkæīе-șṣir	ōȳkæīе-șṣiva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
hN'иãer	hN'иãeves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
xwóïāoôjMêcar	xwóïāoôjMêqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
CrqmaMre	CrqmaMia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
иMīSșïüиcōr	иMīSșïüиcōda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
yīíodCиmuir	yīíodCиmueixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
țсâpeúr	țсâpeúda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
àбōïgsyar	àбōïgsyem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
çyêvfàpáōāir	çyêvfàpáōāïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
sèebțõìwțìar	sèebțõìwțìo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
zbêòntèCy'r	zbêòntèCy'ré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
arz-ēr	arz-ēríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
nhájpïñar	nhájpïñàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ьfqáCê ar	ьfqáCê a	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
á·óôhar	á·óôheu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
jSCætãâr-se	jSCætãât	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
õțõiь·Sиr	õțõiь·Sиria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
șиéãpēgr	șиéãpēgria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ūçwōòêàar	ūçwōòêàí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
òwóṣúȳSōwar	òwóṣúȳSōwis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
шuăюkb-r	шuăюkb-rà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
биnúfȳyīçar	биnúfȳyīcí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
bēsиôсūbíldre	bēsиôсūbílguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
zrțdv·kr	zrțdv·kran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
zaiăēagzir	zaiăēagzí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
sbõ êr	sbõ êu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ìrcюofenir	ìrcюofingudes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
wsáçCpшr	wsáçCpшreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
иgēòăãâюr	иgēòăãâюríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
sdw ṣr	sdw ṣdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
шyoìсmar	шyoìсmà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
æṣSīбcè uūar	æṣSīбcè uūí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
üvávìfr	üvávìfr	V;NFIN;catalan
юьюNīṣdre	юьюNīṣguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
áèñuagíubáar	áèñuagíubáes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ȳàèāon'êūar	ȳàèāon'êūi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
kṣô kюSr	kṣô kюSria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
oămóaătââïar	oămóaătââïem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
néбjwïñr	naбjwïñria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
șsõxNnnwr	șsõxNnnwves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ṣCìñNbr	ṣCìñNbré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
'иìòȳãăãar	'иìòȳãăãessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ô'éwîțñr	ô'éwîțñrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
hõșșóar	hõșșóem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
çNúreьlòușr	çNúreьlòușres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
acSM'r	acSM'va	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
-ïnȳь buíkr	-ïnȳь buíkm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
șеïjcwzr	șеïjcwzràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
cshóNilVkar	cshóNilVkéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ñysjSar	ñysjSeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
шēmeîиeăôȳar	шēmeîиeăôȳà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
réïóю·ìtre	réïóю·ìt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
æüggbar	æüggbes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
êv'M·Cиìõar	êv'M·Cиìõàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
 ṣs'nшáæazar	 ṣs'nшáæazes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
fCõchñțшōír	fCõchñțшōíts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
- yMoūrar	- yMoūrin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
'êиüõir	'êиüõeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
jòvèсvtōar	jòvèсvtōa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ôbȳêuüwéqir	ôbȳêuüwéqïssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
èãṣüír	èãṣüída	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ïîīour	ïîīouva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
tbòzșèixer	tbòzșeixeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
èàìbāēṣ-áar	èàìbāēṣ-áa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
еiăhxâсbhxar	еiăhxâсbhxàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ïycădbar	ïycădbaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ddòāõwșțúr	ddòāõwșțúrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ī'nrççvbhure	ī'nrççvbhu	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
шôâãkr	шôâãkríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ā·æCngãar	ā·æCngãeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
uи'rôsr	uи'rôsres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ïțьṣNï·sülar	ïțьṣNï·sülo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
gõāúcôṣюpar	gõāúcôṣюpa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
Nñișgwț mr	Nñișgwț mu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
üéôCmòar	üéôCmòeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
lțCș·ar	lțCș·à	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
aóеóțzêoar	aóеóțzêoem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
fpayōèixer	fpayōeguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ш·càoiuure	ш·càoiuguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
õdCôSfMțr	õdCôSfMțven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ì pâmfеêur	ì pâmfеêuria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
pããS'MadVar	pããS'MadVa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
àpváoy'ú-re	àpváoy'ú-í	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
Mlægæю·ṣar	Mlægæю·ṣem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
nîçlokêr	nîçlokêves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
yôïy S-z-ar	yôïy S-z-em	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
bō·V ir	bō·V í	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ñêæьrăsñar	ñêæьrăsñàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
áюcrxñūîr	áюcrxñūîran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ȳí-a'r	ȳí-a'ren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
xCõ éhúdr	xCõ éhúdssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ìáMêyūâāmиe	ìáMêyūâāmиíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
æ'ṣzyer	æ'ṣzyaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ṣūīãhâr	ṣūīãhâves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ūîçSaōkbônar	ūîçSaōkbônin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
gиāáeáīòar	gиāáeáīòis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ñеddgsenir	ñеddgsindríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
gècwxwàéear	gècwxwàéeés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
Cõæstò-se	Cõæstòes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
bmgjéîpdre	bmgjéîpguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
trku-õăш·r	trku-õăш·ven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
tq'ïōr	tq'ïōr	V;NFIN;catalan
țõò·rțce	țõò·rțcien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
éõMòòmSr	éõMòòmSré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
rō-ōèúñyr	rō-ōèúñym	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
N'çăzțéjwCr	N'çăzțéjwCrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
сrS--·æar	сrS--·æeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ōdxóqíMïtăar	ōdxóqíMïtăo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
qnzcàar	qnzcàa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
qíbúēюìar	qíbúēюìessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
âàā·ăSònrr	âàā·ăSònrries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
tôiūiübr	tôiūiübria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
àçñtVçfnr	àçñtVçfndes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
îāémüd·ògr	îāémüd·ògva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ókr-gr	ókr-gts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ă īxhr-se	ă īxhssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
êïvбóābir	êïvбóābíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
сбbеãíovVhar	сбbеãíovVheu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ōíupfcar	ōíupfquí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
qьeсçàr	qьeсçàts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
çūîõеèNæõtenir	çūîõеèNæõtindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
il'aívxCèar	il'aívxCèeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
băñюVcбиьsr	băñюVcбиьsrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
fãào'rure	fãào'ries	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ñNxõSēьí-ar-se	ñNxõSēьí-es	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
õüôrïz'ar	õüôrïz'eu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
Nțà·únȳиcar	Nțà·únȳиqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
iñíxсбr	iñíxсбr	V;NFIN;catalan
ìà-âeūur	ìà-âeūuràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
üeSàюîir	üeSàюîeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
иúçhæCr	иúçhæCrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ôkõōăSииar	ôkõōăSииem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
êæшîеe	êæшîеia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
бæiïșar	бæiïșa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
úáâьpr	úáâьpràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
āCétMbõnoar	āCétMbõnoem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
īàīеñorūvăr	īàīеñorūvăres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
tì-gxar	tì-gxàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
qrçf·Vr	qrçf·Vríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
 eéjàásir	 eéjàáseixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
Môdșwr	Môdșwrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ōōovícar	ōōovíquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
merèūáæüdNr	mereūáæüdNré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ьīāòшótȳr	ьīāòшótȳssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
fvnbì lhõer	fvnbì lhõeries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
hàüxеr	hàüxеt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
àióxbv'wure	àióxbv'wvent	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
õбveиy-ṣr	õбveиy-ṣrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
hìkMñèșpór	hìkMñèșpóda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
SNшnzndre	SNшnzn	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
Câïиșb ar	Câïиșb o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
üfgóç-mюr	üfgóç-mюria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
·kțăsōērar	·kțăsōēràreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
 е'âsfjīãar	 е'âsfjīãí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
șicюp-uôgíar	șicюp-uôgíeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
иædlgar	иædlgem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
-üvMxv·ã ir	-üvMxv·ã iran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ьh-ãüāMr	ьh-ãüāMreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
юсaãеzò'r	юсaãеzò'ries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ïwdбNēr	ïwdбNēren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
fçèrMq 'sxir	fçèrMq 'sxeixen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
шȳipțæNar	шȳipțæNi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
kñăkñr	kñăkñries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
éсyădNòar	éсyădNòàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ьs lâеgar	ьs lâеgeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
owōogrr	owōogrts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
иkȳușīīrôar	иkȳușīīrôi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ăéhбtn·ir	ăéhбtn·eixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
āé ãcr	āé ãcran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ézьюã иôòenir	ézьюã иôòindria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
bMkqáar	bMkqáueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
àîîæṣvar	àîîæṣvin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ēpюèюdr	ēpюèюdreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
dúеwòçbSеūr	dúеwòçbSеūrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
õíeè'mjūțar	õíeè'mjūțuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ãeòvõсшcar	ãeòvõсшquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
rreoиkdre	rreoиkíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
fíãōèæïōír	fíãōèæïōír	V;NFIN;catalan
êṣēfîdr	êṣēfîdrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
íéôzhàēсãr	íéôzhàēсãreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
èâéțgàбar	èâéțgàбessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
úíèōȳjíõir	úíèōȳjíõeixin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
hqdædVpi çar	hqdædVpi cem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
jCèăgzîènyer	jCèăgzîenyéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
lòCuwècar	lòCuwèqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ōh··ṣCбȳer	ōh··ṣCбȳeva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
īhñrēr	īhñrēré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
m-vиïdâr	m-vиïdâr	V;NFIN;catalan
rюâṣNāCāṣar	rюâṣNāCāṣàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ìõuâêívsãîr	ìõuâêívsãîria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
șvNnìar	șvNnìeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
сîăь·бr	сîăь·бdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
-Nàüóikr	-Nàüóikts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ōсnúpsr	ōсnúpsts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ôèțáxkbwьшar	ôèțáxkbwьшeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
иfihüisòêr	иfihüisòêva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
īæxúш êVṣar	īæxúш êVṣo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
īfiиșæéïar	īfiиșæéïeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
hVx-kíar	hVx-kíis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
hzçиsjr	hzçиsjrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
șéwṣlVòòar	șéwṣlVòòàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
xC·cīNeMar-se	xC·cīNeMo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
zòymõïpmdre	zòymõïpmen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
u·īеgṣvêéar	u·īеgṣvêéessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
uīūçere	uīūçeí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ñiìсàãur	ñiìсàãuda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
иSæeóir	иSæeóeixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
gțúwюgбà-țr	gțúwюgбà-țríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ēíSõáauar	ēíSõáaüessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
vì gșxïar	vì gșxïessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
lшeõrьçēàe	lшeõrьçēàe	V;NFIN;catalan
āеVlȳar	āеVlȳàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
zoyȳáCбoear	zoyȳáCбoei	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
àăgюсюòje	àăgюсюòjia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
țóàtïñūr	țóàtïñūts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
êãsyêSVjbr	êãsyêSVjbríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
êürãṣṣar	êürãṣṣava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
xszpòçr	xszpòçríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ьón·tüæсēór	ьón·tüæсēória	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
æānüòCиar	æānüòCиem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ôàсșNȳòpīdre	ôàсșNȳòpīeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
юMyăæayvâr	юMyăæayvârà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ahиkèvбcar	ahиkèvбqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
șēmȳȳбáqсâr	șēmȳȳбáqсâran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
vāèȳdr	vāèȳdr	V;NFIN;catalan
xkșwjñnar	xkșwjñnessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
aáțeiâïar	aáțeiâïem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
Cáșājā·pkūar	Cáșājā·pkūés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
áьț'èüNiúr	áьț'èüNiúrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
VSțиțṣvkiar	VSțиțṣvkiéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
īïMêбgzjuâar	īïMêбgzjuâa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ēáōVnuōsar	ēáōVnuōsi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
сlьūácvṣar	сlьūácvṣessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
s'oșeшckш·ar	s'oșeшckш·àvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
fьvï-r	fьvï-ssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
vūìNaōãhôdre	vūìNaōãhôguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ṣlàîь-õr	ṣlàîь-õrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
k-ēzшíar	k-ēzшíàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
pеuīūCjar	pеuīūCgéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
êюãôțēüțar	êюãôțēüțés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
'ìî-ț -Mюar	'ìî-ț -Mюessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
Vbzâōr	Vbzâōva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
юypșāer	юypșāeves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
·éhwnбrjar	·éhwnбrgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ku'aîcáьvlar	ku'aîcáьvles	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
óæìăMьșãūбre	óæìăMьșãūбut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
õȳшæь-еâdar	õȳшæь-еâdà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
eyșgxxrwar	eyșgxxrwí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
юõqьwбī·â'r	юõqьwбī·â't	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
бeшCșuãțtre	бeшCșuãțt	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
rsjNdlSr	rsjNdlSes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
șьìсiMiwr	șьìсiMiwva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
tîaеūüбêcr	tîaеūüбêcran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
luōțìr	luōțìres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
éòæaiNkār	éòæaiNkār	V;NFIN;catalan
àNá·æóar	àNá·æóin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
с·ñfòar	с·ñfòis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
úâçáe'ьàșjr	úâçáe'ьàșjts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
yăvgaбar	yăvgaбàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
cmNțшar	cmNțшi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Scáüâr	Scáüâr	V;NFIN;catalan
jômiããr	jômiããva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
áüvшâr	áüvшâren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ăqóсьpîar	ăqóсьpîeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
íâkçșțеfr	íâkçșțеfran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
íioæ'r	íioæ'ria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ṣuṣãāèшpxr	ṣuṣãāèшpxven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
kpōóиñețre	kpōóиñețin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
xgàòееyãtāar	xgàòееyãtāin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
áòüænțr	áòüænțren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
иèșNCMеrçàar	иèșNCMеrçàeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
юиNiàòar	юиNiàòés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ê·qVïüиșêwar	ê·qVïüиșêwí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
vúêújòMеar	vúêújòMеuin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
бīpòîìàu ṣr	бīpòîìàu ṣran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
skhpCбVæar	skhpCбVæat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
īōcêȳțíar	īōcêȳțíarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
tllș euèixer	tllș eueguis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ñbSrxæhūar	ñbSrxæhūeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
Vēidюor-se	Vēidюoda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
hMêãòñníīcar	hMêãòñníīquessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
tréaȳāar-se	tréaȳāí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
îüqmūrьar	îüqmūrьàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ci'æúur	ci'æúuts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
kбlàиr	kбlàиré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ṣqāōnMiîwar	ṣqāōnMiîwi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
āãõüиṣr	āãõüиṣríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ṣnàăéi-ēar	ṣnàăéi-ēeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
zéõcūáàõzNenir	zéõcūáàõzNingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
êюæ-òīzSȳòar	êюæ-òīzSȳòà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
kеSxíp'çoir	kеSxíp'çoeix	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
cȳç -īSīSsr	cȳç -īSīSsren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ogьúшmzar	ogьúшmza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ìçSáāsôar	ìçSáāsôar	V;NFIN;catalan
wūxēúhar	wūxēúhi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
àúyòțсàqār	àúyòțсàqādes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ăVfṣdăqóȳer	ăVfṣdăqóȳeren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
Müêṣñ ir	Müêṣñ ís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
tCieqìbóüSr	tCieqìbóüSva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
íîviю'âear	íîviю'âein	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ṣìăṣеpçar	ṣìăṣеpçem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
áyuiieâNuar	áyuiieâNua	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
êèóáúbãwqr	êèóáúbãwqnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
úrjñēr	úrjñēva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
kMôúfieïбăir	kMôúfieïбăeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
-ñzfícr	-ñzfícria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
eaVеuVюdшr	eaVеuVюdшren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
jgàūpMzar	jgàūpMzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ī-ṣīõifr	ī-ṣīõift	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ūṣdūéàérNhdre	ūṣdūéàérNhgué	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
óōVîïrèar	óōVîïrèéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
еkôиo'r	еkôиo'ven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
iюñypêkar	iюñypêkàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ìàpēdnar	ìàpēdneu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
óçrwúVóe	óçrwúVóà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
- шãèr	- шãèríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ñóüïúr	ñóüïúres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
āìúîсljzMr	āìúîсljzMs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ṣxzsjærjr	ṣxzsjærjré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
țkṣMék-ar	țkṣMék-eu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
yõV·xеxar	yõV·xеxes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
pбâāâr	pбâāâreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
regâеȳyār	circâеȳyāren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
uòștæxïr	uòștæxïda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
Nóáa'иgôgtar	Nóáa'иgôgta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ôăüāusòêr	ôăüāusòêríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
gtuáw'èeâar	gtuáw'èeâàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
șшüṣcxséMvr	șшüṣcxséMvrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
tekdtôíõúer	tekdtôíõúdreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
úcшhæîюgṣar	úcшhæîюgṣa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ēVæшs'mâòṣr	ēVæшs'mâòṣrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
wеãcür	wеãcüu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ūìóxhxSãṣar	ūìóxhxSãṣàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
țcō-сăv-'æar	țcō-сăv-'æis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
zãбūîxìar	zãбūîxìi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ṣe·țièar	ṣe·țièeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
h Măàégmsgar	h Măàégmsgeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
óюñSamir	óюñSamíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ōăêéăar	ōăêéăàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ñăææCàȳāūr	ñăææCàȳāūen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
CūṣîõVóс·r	CūṣîõVóс·en	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
loòíSækíre	loòíSækíuda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
бkwkàïaar	бkwkàïaà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
xьбērṣúxôr	xьбērṣúxôria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ṣpеáñar	ṣpеáñem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
kcpwêver	kcpwêuries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
dcüíágîyògar	dcüíágîyògàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
âznбuoar	âznбuoà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ȳVtôțrkеcar	ȳVtôțrkеqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
āqdpivjar	āqdpivgés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ôbеNúwбиér	ôbеNúwбиéven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
vȳãStr	vȳãStves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
fb ãи·xr	fb ãи·xràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
 xrfádțnâSr	 xrfádțnâSres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
âuuázkíṣar	âuuázkíṣin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
plcevāиyõxar	plcevāиyõxa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
Covêúar	Covêúaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
àăïbбVr	àăïbбVré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
bãēpiêar	bãēpiêem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
țúMēócar	țúMēóqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
lfóìãr	lfóìãrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
iàèeșíjar	iàèeșígis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
îné·or	îné·oran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
vuèe'āțsàqjar	vuèe'āțsàqgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
mécúwțyir	mécúwțyís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
Mvílu·еâar	Mvílu·еâin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
cvбь·r	cvбь·nt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
еīoiw'āțūar	еīoiw'āțūuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
fthūâár	fthūâáda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
wеīpMjáSr	wеīpMjáSt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
qîúdîCxênar	qîúdîCxêna	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
îlüCiNur	îlüCiNuria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
nüâóōyòar	nüâóōyòo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
o'ylcеâar	o'ylcеâis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
eсiwíò·nêsar	eсiwíò·nêsessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
íg âNеoeur	íg âNеoeures	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
Shюõcir	Shюõceixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
V'·íMãnîfìr	V'·íMãnîfìts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
SfvshãS'r	SfvshãS'ria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
-súòбăr'r	-súòбăr'ria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
px ïîṣchóxr	px ïîṣchóxran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
èæú-jrar	èæú-jrues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
èôrwtvcrêēr	èôrwtvcrêēres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ìãîoă șr	ìãîoă șrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
сcqwüwòkar	сcqwüwòkàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ôæuhâMNăr	ôæuhâMNăríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
SçñíçisSvpure	SçñíçisSvpguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
-NmêíțyVar	-NmêíțyVem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ṣúȳelkúar	ṣúȳelkúï	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
īqbfṣīkmar	īqbfṣīkmí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
úãôpȳhсüсr	úãôpȳhсüсria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
çàñюgar	çàñюgem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ōjиõzьáder	ōjиõzьáts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
zSrшNMñkáar	zSrшNMñkáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
иSòșôāpar	иSòșôāpessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ófбçhkr	ófбçhkries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
dkțxīșr	dkțxīșu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ēMõxòюбīбr	ēMõxòюбīбríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
cNïюîсNkïēr	cNïюîсNkïēran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
àūíaāmæ Mr	àūíaāmæ Mràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
âSìüñænr	âSìüñænres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
āSiVgvæyr	āSiVgvæyria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
îoiõшâlțMr	îoiõшâlțMnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
gjõuõNсwkar	gjõuõNсwkàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
юzêcìṣr	юzêcìṣven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
īсtgék gar	īсtgék gàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
obōzăȳóqenir	obōzăȳóqinguts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
īMúCàè·yv'r	īMúCàè·yv'des	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
pcêàoюsCar	pcêàoюsCessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
llmiVar	llmiVéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
vghtâwūgir	vghtâwūgïm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
 ēàMdtcâïgure	 ēàMdtcâïgu	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
çjшfVçīélSr	çjшfVçīélSré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
b npеīVr	b npеīVva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
çúcиyar	çúcиya	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
Vшūóbqvïñṣar	Vшūóbqvïñṣi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
jêcc еNæar	jêcc еNæa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
gNêmcr	gNêmcré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
jkSlṣсâir	jkSlṣсâíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
üàüívkfăūūr	üàüívkfăūūríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
hâVеāшr	hâVеāшven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
Ndjăèr	Ndjăèda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
é'aâd'шuar	é'aâd'шui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
Cüájtsvüīpar	Cüájtsvüīpa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
èиuăStíīar	èиuăStíīa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
Mюēūzr	Mюēūznt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
iúsõȳ n·Ntr	iúsõȳ n·Ntves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
Skțsj üșê r	Skțsj üșê rà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ôcеvúț'ṣьеar	ôcеvúț'ṣьеa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
fárâîr	fárâîves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
kūȳzōzaòōțar	kūȳzōzaòōțueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
бuõșguíãcar	бuõșguíãquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
çüíSбálréNr	çüíSбálréNràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
jṣ-õșíе·vr	jṣ-õșíе·vva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ēVбdṣuure	ēVбdṣuguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
xaïíăMīar-se	xaïíăMīessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ьh'ēōor	ьh'ēōoré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
сdôòkVáïdr	сdôòkVáïdda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ríèñVȳ-'NNr	ríèñVȳ-'NNva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
Nūgqôïòmìíar	Nūgqôïòmìíen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
xk·Mâсбìxæir	xk·Mâсбìxæíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
rñaēvflȳáar	rñaēvflȳáàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
Vñîюāar	Vñîюāin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
cбēcțсïà·ar	cбēcțсïà·a	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
țюāõNбîôure	țюāõNбîôguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
сsósêaar	сsósêao	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
dhn ăr	dhn ăts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
úьySиbōar	úьySиbōa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
uNиõNãr	uNиõNãva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
qkéèеr	qkéèеrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ēīшMbgxwCr	ēīшMbgxwCran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
úȳüvàюîr	úȳüvàюîr	V;NFIN;catalan
-tzNmçñàõúr	-tzNmçñàõúríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
émáòīôMñzïir	émáòīôMñzïí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
kьnïãóñõar	kьnïãóñõo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
úìōīweãar	úìōīweãem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ākv SCеgõcure	ākv SCеgõcsquérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
nCșNúibszr	nCșNúibszries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
âõ ōóóîñr	âõ ōóóîñnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
zjéyõюâbr	zjéyõюâbz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
cõ·o'er	cõ·o'ât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ēеôșoсSer	ēеôșoсSasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
юṣCãéxь'indre	юṣCãéxь'mons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
oyêqī'ycàóer	oyêqī'ycàóe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
üoõxāãñr	üoõxāãñrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
àêăúr'er	àêăúr'e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
faȳfâwòõer	faȳfâwòõant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
-gūāañïxer	-gūāañïxâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
bс·hüãer	bс·hüãe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
pàælãr	pàælãr	V;NFIN;french
îlzxtèr	îlzxtès	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
dōṣбюūxâr	dōṣбюūxâras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
mиoȳnб-юr	mиoȳnб-юra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
Vuшãhqyyr	Vuшãhqyyras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
õkōíjeeíьêr	õkōíjeeíьêront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
'șçthīñer	en 'șçthīñant	V.CVB;PRS;french
xnóîç·er	xnóîç·ait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
wōțãúer	wōțãúassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
yūl·âsqьàer	yūl·âsqьàât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
Mç·æxюàêNr	Mç·æxюàêNrois	V;COND;2;SG;french
ìçăNșăî ïr	ìçăNșăî ïs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
vShсúzwser	vShсúzwsions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
иüюēīcnôer	иüюēīcnôe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
fbâVîer	fbâVîé	V.PTCP;PST;french
cçrîcôndre	en cçrîcôgnant	V.CVB;PRS;french
î-óãVxSaõer	î-óãVxSaõassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
slyaòNrer	slyaòNraient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ăiбéôàbr	ăiбéôàbra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
-ăæieîшr	-ăæieîшrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
е·юCssr	е·юCssriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
Nxãdșêbâer	Nxãdșêbââtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
Næfāâôьxr	Næfāâôьxraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
hôdáuoьr	hôdáuoьrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
wnüïбoMCșr	wnüïбoMCșrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
MбpVzer	MбpVzasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
rȳṣkõ·ăyier	rȳṣkõ·ăyeriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
īā òьшàиr	īā òьшàиnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ykôqțer	ykôqțiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
сãõôxíz õler	сãõôxíz õus	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
jьòāïêer	jьòāïêais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
úьìăkȳdqhūr	úьìăkȳdqhūrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
tçïìíxqvaire	tçïìíxqvîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
áшșōúьr	áшșōúьra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
õàaVqer	õàaVqassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
uaïïòūuàșer	uaïïòūuàșa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
țüyâper	țüyâpiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
áVььõãïer	áVььõãïâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
сkçxüuúpber	сkçxüuúpbât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
īеleièr'òer	īеleièr'òe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
Víāæqbñçеr	Víāæqbñçеraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
țșzçê ïōбțer	țșzçê ïōбțais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ēṣópūеyMzēer	ēṣópūеyMzēa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
иæшMю-ãr	иæшMю-ãz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
móêukáṣer	móêukáṣai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ñúūnqier	ñúūnqasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ki·yñer	ki·yñèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
íīȳūüjâNSVer	íīȳūüjâNSVe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
șcj'ōuūōr	șcj'ōuūōrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
üumñшNr	üumñшNs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
cбьòaìdatper	cбьòaìdatpe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
iNūçeêVóer	iNūçeêVóe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
bȳiôeиșàNier	bȳiôeиșàNasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
jdìvеer	jdìvеe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
êõȳfmer	êõȳfmassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ñuțu-шæer	ñuțu-шæassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
euețüáq'çer	euețüáq'çâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
șю·óșámüșer	șю·óșámüșassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
bșònlȳèlar	bșònlȳèlarai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
cюfyбægçüer	cюfyбægçüe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
àȳálиoōṣr	àȳálиoōṣr	V;NFIN;french
bhN·æVNîеer	bhN·æVNîеa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
Vrcṣìиer	Vrcṣìиa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ôjghoéȳã-Mer	ôjghoéȳã-Mssoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ííбáūvær	ííбáūvæssions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
èMôVõSSôr	èMôVõSSôras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
üòcūțôdndre	üòcūțôdgnissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
óáwãNwíñ ier	óáwãNwíñ eroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
fucagier	fucagoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
tcïaSCer	tcïaSCais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ṣìporõūr	ṣìporõūrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ṣîhñaeoyer	ṣîhñaeerrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
nó  șìüpnrer	nó  șìüpnrasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ьшóшêăr	ьшóшêărai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
Níбxиer	Níбxиas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
o-'mȳétrer	o-'mȳètre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
çc·állwсr	çc·állwсriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
óȳc-·ãèșNéndre	óȳc-·ãèșNégnoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
élSgMuñșбler	élSgMuñșбlassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
sò'xșzVēer	sò'xșzVēais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
vd·ògkjr	vd·ògkjras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
sæȳwhбūcCer	tæȳwhбūcCasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
õúvññõüee	õúvññõüeons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
xpæòsr	xpæòss	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
иcaюiīóúсer	иcaюiīóúсe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
vmgzáôōbr	vmgzáôōbssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ugāúpkãpîár	ugāúpkãpîárez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ãrcdăúàVôvr	ãrcdăúàVôvrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
yqkCābȳer	yqkCābȳe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
bôõnéõdk'érer	bôõnéõdk'èreriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
шüdàquîr	шüdàquînt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
cāmȳéș üașr	cāmȳéș üașt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
òmábñьȳr	òmábñьȳz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
klбNōuwhr	klбNōuwhraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
țиvslzuīíír	țиvslzuīíínt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
kaòlójбúnVr	kaòlójбúnVs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ṣfC'meféïçer	ṣfC'meféïçe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
h'üāyēkVăzer	h'üāyēkVăzant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
yVqàūȳur	yVqàūȳussant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
zCãăōmr	zCãăōmriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ȳãîro-er	ȳãîro-assiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
țCnьìbugóṣer	țCnьìbugóṣe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
еvdăuer	еvdăuais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
uеpòăMr	uеpòăMr	V;NFIN;french
vṣpêC'-r	vṣpêC'-r	V;NFIN;french
еw zăílăer	еw zăílăais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
gdțõdṣõr	gdțõdṣõrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ā vюбer	ā vюбais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
úиzçьúíer	úиzçьúíassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
'éāaăr	'éāaărions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ūbpьmvс-òzr	ūbpьmvс-òzrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
æīēшtșzüer	æīēшtșzüent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
arzçayter	arzçayte	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
бūìțbtr	бūìțbts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
éqôâínügéler	éqôâínügèle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ôrc-hõtьdțer	ôrc-hõtьdțassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
VtipaoVssyir	VtipaoVssyeraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
vVèâuúer	vVèâuúe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
éеvòêиmïer	éеvòêиmïe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ldçâæer	ldçâæiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ō-rêcer	ō-rêcé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ôüumzюàmñãr	ôüumzюàmñãrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
æàoîèer	æàoîèiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
vêóchr	vêócht	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
șīбwp-ãéüqer	șīбwp-ãéüqe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
lnūâüișr	lnūâüișrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ôujîçūr	ôujîçūz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
NslyãhMbrer	NslyãhMbrèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ád'еú-tôer	ád'еú-tôiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ēãиmúNer	ēãиmúNâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
 àõȳôer	 àõȳôastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
êüбìòcìñer	êüбìòcìñions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
rюoìюïñиer	rюoìюïñиâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
'īuеîā-er	'īuеîā-assiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
юCṣdhсṣer	юCṣdhсṣas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ēoăàæbàer	ēoăàæbàons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ãveskNюêêcer	ãveskNюêêcé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ōCшюõcr	ōCшюõcront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
Sóôсe'áer	Sóôсe'áons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
Vk ūxn·er	Vk ūxn·é	V.PTCP;PST;french
éjxеnzoóãter	éjxеnzoóãtasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
íṣшeēer	íṣшeēais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
-yéæ·Méеșеre	-yéæ·Méеșеe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ȳēiеzdser	ȳēiеzdsai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
èídVсēúqr	èídVсēúqriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
Msnzēìюūãer	Msnzēìюūãais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ătī'néæāer	ătī'néæāa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
-gșēsȳêèăfer	-gșēsȳêèăs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
gèюNòeter	gèюNòète	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ciбãшñer	ciбãшñassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
cçúæègüvíéner	cçúæègüvíènerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
làvSôdăиCrer	làvSôdăиCriez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
-āō·vmсcer	-āō·vmсçant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
úCбdcюșyюer	úCбdcюșyюèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ìбhxōòmer	ìбhxōòmasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
бóôfe ier	бóôfe es	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
xpôȳô-àuüír	xpôȳô-àuüínt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ȳSū·Vfñer	ȳSū·Vfñions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ìqșеàêăòr	ìqșеàêăòra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ȳunófoиer	ȳunófoиions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
w lt·èr	w lt·èssez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
nVryçьéer	nVryçьéèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ṣñbwìazțcr	ṣñbwìazțcrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ēíūâüāxr	ēíūâüāxrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
òьuòиcer	òьuòиciez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
huájеâvиūer	huájеâvиūiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
oиoêfàzuòшr	oиoêfàzuòшrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
иfôáîīàtr	иfôáîīàts	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
çlSfâír	çlSfâíssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
 íbююè·ger	 íbююè·james	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ã-ēaȳer	ã-ēaȳe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
сïqìNer	сïqìNe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ïбabe--uer	ïбabe--ue	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ljgïìíqṣer	ljgïìíqṣé	V.PTCP;PST;french
Mcqõăòdêer	Mcqõăòdêassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
VибmиìVrr	VибmиìVrra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
юòwьăшlkder	юòwьăшlkdèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
óxf'íüîьer	óxf'íüîьe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ūjшïaìer	ūjшïaìiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
юôthéȳr	юôthéȳz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ien'mr	ien'ms	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
çàīyēMôțer	çàīyēMôțasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
làuü·ōer	làuü·ōe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
еnqṣbplñrser	еnqṣbplñrse	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
êôiabīēücor	êôiabīēücont	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
îCеpner	îCеpnai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ìūìîеxer	ìūìîеxons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
еșqțúūбшr	еșqțúūбшr	V;NFIN;french
òūvеāCqеr	òūvеāCqеz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
NúVjúr	NúVjús	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
Sèăbater	Sèăbatais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
șVtîVбtyèõr	șVtîVбtyèõront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ōCnиõoújer	ōCnиõoújé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ērduíérer	ērduíèrerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
țṣqéюxìôer	țṣqéюxìôassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
īăïúôCékír	īăïúôCékíra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ànãāиōtMler	ànãāиōtMaut	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
yâMüyèóer	yâMüyèóe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ñuVi·țer	ñuVi·țât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
gVюSmи r	gVюSmи rons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
биâiāīáōer	биâiāīáōant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
sîērger	sîērge	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
șиkçțgzxcer	șиkçțgzxça	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
āьêbaèCkōyer	āьêbaèCkōyions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
бòCшmr	бòCшmz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
иiæãN·xer	иiæãN·xât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
hòdeēíer	hòdeēíèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
īïõbwáver	īïõbwávait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
qáxãemer	qáxãemassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
dêzræūer	dêzræūe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
æațūwfèòfōer	æațūwfèòfōas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
бsíaáюțir	бsíaáюțîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
çиtíwèūșr	çиtíwèūșz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
extrairșõēiaóò-àe	șõēiaóò-àN	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ãaиьèMăсîier	ãaиьèMăсîent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ïztñnòõer	ïztñnòõé	V.PTCP;PST;french
juSțlīor	jüSțlīoriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
Mácégõer	Mácégõons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
cìeóțòSêăzer	cìeóțòSêăzions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
CcNáȳ-r	CcNáȳ-z	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
юfçеmáюбdȳer	юfçеmáюбdȳé	V.PTCP;PST;french
шoсadk'qr	шoсadk'qssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ñuīæãȳêMêr	ñuīæãȳêMênt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
jèbесtюier	jèbесtюions	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
üéàwyier	üéàwyiant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ȳ'pî-jer	se ȳ'pî-je	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
 qïеюer	 qïеюe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
lșиãюõбer	lșиãюõбons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
iq-Mæer	iq-Mæait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
xșgшVōer	xșgшVōons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
шhâōõīe	шhâōõīaient	V;COND;3;PL;french
aæbîșéNăer	aæbîșéNăassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
qюīшêM'er	qюīшêM'é	V.PTCP;PST;french
fçmúrfāсer	fçmúrfāсât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
Ny·Nô·lúēer	Ny·Nô·lúēant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
Mããó·șNбer	Mããó·șNбâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
yúеâcsôr	yúеâcsôrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
dkìțVüNer	dkìțVüNassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
gyhuoă ăюær	gyhuoă ăюærais	V;COND;2;SG;french
io'îtãèrèèever	io'îtãèrèèèveras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ṣrpmhaиèr	ṣrpmhaиènt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
·hççezāãçțr	·hççezāãçțroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
ōpōhсbr	ōpōhсbras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ṣ·èṣșnāșшlr	ṣ·èṣșnāșшlraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
emñèzțtюer	emñèzțtюons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
VtrōсtC cdr	VtrōсtC cdz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
æugNfr	æugNfrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
-mțēãter	-mțēãtas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
шdNtōVçțer	шdNtōVçțé	V.PTCP;PST;french
MSăìxōaú're	MSăìxōaú'ent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
xhūyeôșNer	xhūyeôșNiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
yoMnfȳer	yoMnfȳât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ṣqțишwшr	ṣqțишwшrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
õNūMțáer	õNūMțáons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
gzūăNg'Ner	gzūăNg'Nons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
mшădébȳȳṣăr	mшădébȳȳṣăront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
иьpȳṣèzà cier	иьpȳṣèzà çons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
Vòâdyzkâcer	Vòâdyzkâcions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ìxțhūvpier	ìxțhūvpa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ōēè·-'țzïcer	ōēè·-'țzïcs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
êüdьàrêār	êüdьàrêānt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
fièãbagier	fièãbajoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ūāá'îôюéder	ūāá'îôюède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ãȳиàñïSçшer	ãȳиàñïSçшé	V.PTCP;PST;french
fîræóñ ier	fîræóñ ie	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ȳdṣvñíîțír	ȳdṣvñíîțíssais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ïăиuqî·șêȳr	ïăиuqî·șêȳras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
sCōîêсfúr	sCōîêсfúz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ìmețrсer	ìmețrсe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ōé-ixmr	ōé-ixmrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
hgêбcr	hgêбcriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
vz·șuõúīier	vz·șuõúīoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
kúиúSьшīбюr	kúиúSьшīбюras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
õoîêgr	õoîêgroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
pcсôîêшȳer	pcсôîêшȳassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
Cnюç ·șcr	Cnюç ·șcrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ȳìsqeer	ȳìsqee	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
сçìtVr	сçìtVras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
æьgpjiṣldr	æьgpjiṣldz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
б-tíãюú'țüer	б-tíãюú'țüons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
xrçaāì ȳиr	xrçaāì ȳиras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
çā üēwkr	çā üēwkront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ь  īсzíner	ь  īсzíne	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ā'ôēNеbáçer	ā'ôēNеbáçassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
üïôõсr	üïôõсrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ééā·юmldșer	ééā·юmldșe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
cnvшvăier	cnvшvăe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
úcwèeïбīȳr	úcwèeïбīȳs	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ôьfèüxfVr	ôьfèüxfVrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ēūck·yătr	ēūck·yătz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
hâbíx'-rSеr	hâbíx'-rSеs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
êpN-éer	êpN-éoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
eșp der	eșp dais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ēсе·ômū-ôér	ēсе·ômū-ôés	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
xyorã-ïàсr	xyorã-ïàсr	V;NFIN;french
ăuálбюõer	ăuálбюõiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
bbãüír	bbãüísses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
conk·еküâr	k·еküâiens	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
âveшzсer	âveшzсe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ȳqbjîòzir	ȳqbjîòzis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
шîjîzar	шîjîzarions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ш'ìjāber	ш'ìjābasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
èg-uüăïòr	èg-uüăïòra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
șēyapîà'xr	șēyapîà'xrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
qюxîh'rñer	qюxîh'rñèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
úd·òyбãr	úd·òyбãront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ьü'kièM-'ēr	ьü'kièM-'ēz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ìsóxVōhfr	ìsóxVōhfrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ūеêlăN'hjăr	ūеêlăN'hjăs	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
yzиóuȳсer	yzиóuȳсa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
íj'üú·ïюиãier	íj'üú·ïюиãasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
zñьбèevzí-r	zñьбèevzí-rions	V;COND;1;PL;french
Ccîvfíăêr	Ccîvfíăêrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
õîfzbīóēer	õîfzbīóēâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
éūíuñеabâer	éūíuñеabâassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
p-ãooțmger	p-ãooțmgiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
êōwêSōêbòâer	êōwêSōêbòâe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
jбõeüNбer	jбõeüNбerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
Vîçьxr	Vîçьxz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
çwâеш-er	çwâеш-ons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
еóuàwюисr	еóuàwюисz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ēàāpȳñer	en ēàāpȳñant	V.CVB;PRS;french
êçïzóer	êçïzóaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ïțițnáiòvr	ïțițnáiòvnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
xvéìuor	xvéìuorons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
éçюuíCer	éçюuíCe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
hzúgbuwyer	hzúgbuwyiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
tcб'rM·wțer	tcб'rM·wțant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ьí kьNier	ьí kьNassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ãïqсōã-áer	ãïqсōã-áas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
cVшhçmïr	cVшhçmïrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ьtбmóvōüwgier	ьtбmóvōüwjoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
șkówюeèæãīer	șkówюeèæãīassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
raxõoиêеhVer	raxõoиêеhVions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
hūō'içtNzr	hūō'içtNzs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
hïajsVer	hïajsVe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ukṣõсr	ukṣõсnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
'lîșVêSyr	'lîșVêSyraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
бьftȳãér	бьftȳãéas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
aæV ōyMfьer	aæV ōyMfьe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ṣôxūōógâōer	ṣôxūōógâōassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
Veàkēььer	Veàkēььaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
сSómèvăìrer	сSómèvăìriez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
шиăȳéthv·oer	шиăȳéthv·oais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
еüîиVwlaître	еüîиVwlus	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
Vīиúâáîṣhener	Vīиúâáîṣhèneriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ñȳuhwòr	ñȳuhwòz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
uêṣVṣer	uêṣVṣions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
æôīúNñr	æôīúNñront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
сãïm·dmиier	сãïm·dmиant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ufòеyăzer	ufòеyăzassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
scô·jMõèr	scô·jMõèons	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
asSсșer	asSсșant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
gṣæôêēer	en gṣæôêēant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ȳd·aSuóer	ȳd·aSuóassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
eèȳáиtȳer	eèȳáиtȳaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
āæk·ôwèer	āæk·ôwèasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
oçóōūr	oçóōūs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
éèizеwõ·er	éèizеwõ·ais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
zõáьd'er	en zõáьd'ant	V.CVB;PRS;french
áшêçyfNșbr	áшêçyfNșbroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
ūtCqovaier	ūtCqovaasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
еfsбoïиêìșr	еfsбoïиêìșrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
çzeàpvr	çzeàpvrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
gòztúæier	gòztúæe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
țюváòóbr	țюváòóbssaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ȳxȳî·dkr	ȳxȳî·dkrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
yò·ūcweler	yò·ūcwèlerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
CãïêòñNбxr	CãïêòñNбxraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
еjиãîSòr	еjиãîSòrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ṣvuq ūõr	ṣvuq ūõrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ïiüōîs'Nr	ïiüōîs'Nr	V;NFIN;french
xūüī'ьCwgōer	xūüī'ьCwgōèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
-êиgrer	-êиgroit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
wnCõsrèarer	wnCõsrèaré	V.PTCP;PST;french
rMиțçюer	rMиțçюassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
 Caшēzer	 Caшēzant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
Cbzúîer	Cbzúîassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ббwvюōeïăюer	ббwvюōeïăюai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ōьmīāúæuVSter	ōьmīāúæuVSt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
òoōgõeâr	òoōgõeâz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ōüuNțèqíșār	ōüuNțèqíșāra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
șьṣôàăāer	șьṣôàăāassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ñtfNúíáâer	ñtfNúíáâant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
làNxеōé-șr	làNxеōé-șr	V;NFIN;french
õj éuбțădêpourvoir	õj éuбțădêvu	V.PTCP;PST;french
еūàVz·ȳókãr	еūàVz·ȳókãr	V;NFIN;french
ykjlCæcVMr	ykjlCæcVMrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
șȳlāóòñNier	șȳlāóòñNeroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
áêțMüéíer	áêțMüéíassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
õōzfòbū·r	õōzfòbū·ssent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
íkfàwâșāюjer	íkfàwâșāюje	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
iaMcõlNōSêtre	iaMcõlNōSêsse	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
gqūãиMsier	gqūãиMsasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
uxh·бr	uxh·бrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ãVāáōer	ãVāáōasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
vàiсxшñṣer	vàiсxшñṣasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
nmmōñqôâr	nmmōñqôârai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
еñúíūzer	еñúíūzassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
fõēâoîțeṣéer	fõēâoîțeṣéiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Mrtēūьòюer	Mrtēūьòюait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
õféь'ur	õféь'urions	V;COND;1;PL;french
vȳjōeбȳsūr	vȳjōeбȳsūront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
íêMqcer	íêMqcas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
cṣșVãìáær	cṣșVãìáæs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ьqcVãü-îer	ьqcVãü-îé	V.PTCP;PST;french
'ôCüìkâCr	'ôCüìkâCnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
MSæūôobbиier	MSæūôobbиiais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ìSzhāéser	ìSzhāèsent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
áíțòjшlñer	áíțòjшlñtes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
шăpqórr	шăpqórz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
wȳynе'er	wȳynе'âmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
șkvêṣgьger	șkvêṣgьjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ьtmkMúr	ьtmkMúai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
шñVьnr	шñVьnr	V;NFIN;french
zxṣapher	zxṣaphiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ā rеV nôer	ā rеV nôaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
-ïgCüȳиer	-ïgCüȳиons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ìиpсū'qCr	ìиpсū'qCrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ìgădèāòсr	ìgădèāòсrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
ì chçkеer	ì chçkеions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ьkkúțòr	ьkkúțòraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
·rVēbsôár	·rVēbsôás	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
MеM'бr	MеM'бra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ïkmюñю-бaire	ïkmюñю-бerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
æсriāuéder	æсriāuède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
tșcæbиífșшr	tșcæbиífșшrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
üòmîțèzver	üòmîțèzve	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
jшènír	jшèníroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ivcбáMxсer	en ivcбáMxсant	V.CVB;PRS;french
 'êāāênôõ·er	 'êāāênôõ·assiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
șVеãбrqer	en șVеãбrqant	V.CVB;PRS;french
 āьîoсVțбaer	 āьîoсVțбae	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
бñșârer	бñșâré	V.PTCP;PST;french
'gã'rïer	'gã'rïai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ādâîãser	ādâîãsiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Mеṣăuzár	Mеṣăuzárais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ìăsȳjèбçȳòier	ìăsȳjèбçȳòerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
kūõeqkmzqṣr	kūõeqkmzqṣz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
rásьjdlir	rásьjdlons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
gțnбíõțer	gțnбíõțais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
āțuhüre	āțuhüsis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
æõãțpryCèr	æõãțpryCènt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
jîêюsшyșsūr	jîêюsшyșsūr	V;NFIN;french
epbiïler	epbiïle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
úășțhæer	úășțhæons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ēaюььtCVȳre	ēaюььtCVȳs	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
çzșCycer	çzșCycais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
Mi-èceier	Mi-èceerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
îìnhíer	îìnhíé	V.PTCP;PST;french
óvăāâòеàer	óvăāâòеàa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
heóxzsēò'·er	heóxzsēò'·e	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ôшehéьêer	ôшehéьêât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
rṣèCõюr	rṣèCõюroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
 Cáòfșêșer	 Cáòfșêșasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
grfṣê'er	grfṣê'astes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ò·еūш·Mсer	ò·еūш·Mсé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ïçwæeóṣīir	ïçwæeóṣīais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
íшôcxшler	íшôcxшlissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
Cēgôēirre	Cēgôēirve	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
üwșòьkçer	üwșòьkçèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
шòêbber	шòêbbons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ySīVaqr	ySīVaqs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
îē-иner	îē-иne	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
láēьçMcer	láēьçMçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
țyVcáшòïìer	țyVcáшòïìe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
бшChl·er	s'бшChl·oient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
bбsūbțṣóи·r	bбsūbțṣóи·ras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ēâgwCuăбūMer	ēâgwCuăбūMât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
kzūVееēbàr	kzūVееēbàz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
îywòȳ-țшr	îywòȳ-țшra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
uvṣsāшṣer	uvṣsāшṣions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
pñи'hr	pñи'hrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
cMōecer	cMōecions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
wmōàsctçger	wmōàsctçge	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
·xhv lr	·xhv ls	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
íéVșīutñçr	íéVșīutñçrois	V;COND;2;SG;french
būyrиüir	būyrиüîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
igkoer	igkoeriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
сșéi  áóīēer	сșéi  áóīēai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
dtiúéæшr	dtiúéæшrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
tyáwôâgr	tyáwôâgras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
rсmlanăer	rсmlanăe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
úãr·Mr·èoáer	úãr·Mr·èoáassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ūсüNrtr	ūсüNrtrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
çôá'óāñïer	çôá'óāñïâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
oāúréer	oāúréassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
иzfyç-·îver	иzfyç-·îve	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ūōnsxnȳr	ūōnsxnȳrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
aóñ bôer	aóñ bôons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
șlïāеer	șlïāеiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ȳgqiller	ȳgqillai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ücMmьíeuer	ücMmьíeuait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
mюșüSpáer	mюșüSpáe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
òñ-â'éner	òñ-â'ènes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
āшóxkre	āшóxkssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
üújuèuóãer	üújuèuóãe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
VgdngMner	VgdngMniiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
fṣăb·oьr	fṣăb·oьroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
 ṣ ьmõgìer	 ṣ ьmõgìoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
îeâōNuêkōær	îeâōNuêkōæroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
șbkușóer	șbkușóe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ānàrfhеțxqer	ānàrfhеțxqasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
nūâñīmșâбer	nūâñīmșâбe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
æoxaeсìMer	æoxaeсìMe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
·MéæV-шer	·MéæV-шâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
üaеàеer	üaеàеa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ìlṣīgīrller	ìlṣīgīrllasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
oеyêìàçeūer	oеyêìàçeūa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
юиMiãêñr	юиMiãêñrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
иákюnõбç'er	иákюnõбç'ais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
âó'gōVer	âó'gōViez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
âvkеwéõшr	âvkеwéõшras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
úеīyāer	úеīyāe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ь·gfmer	ь·gfmais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
M·ôúVjṣçer	M·ôúVjṣçais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
m·aïçíMtсer	m·aïçíMtсé	V.PTCP;PST;french
zuãbler	zuãblons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
бl-naébr	бl-naébz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
шçãṣsüïer	шçãṣsüïait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
SáóMjfer	SáóMjf	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
õȳūșõmàer	õȳūșõmàassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ngzpìõdēujer	ngzpìõdēujai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
и·koêíêbсer	и·koêíêbсons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
æuеn ōàòēCer	æuеn ōàòēCé	V.PTCP;PST;french
z·ïévñèer	z·ïévñèoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
âí-rxшler	âí-rxшle	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
бSmpeȳìâюæcer	бSmpeȳìâюæçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
aæVôcbôeюr	aæVôcbôeюra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
èê-ánVбNr	èê-ánVбNs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
mpñmṣáre	mpñmṣáais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
 ṣõìбqеaper	 ṣõìбqеapassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ídNьūr	ídNьūr	V;NFIN;french
ôâеиãer	ôâеиãe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
dpoțüMre	dpoțüMisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ююlшhr	ююlшhras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
dïю ōhñ'pr	dïю ōhñ'pr	V;NFIN;french
üсev-îíler	üсev-îílions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
сțpșeьóír	сțpșeьóírons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
téюīfrr	téюīfrs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
mȳrvṣjer	mȳrvṣje	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
dôpgçtre	dôpgçssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
yxvd lñer	yxvd lñe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
dúxbõSer	dúxbõSâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
fúбõïgūrr	fúбõïgūras	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
æzб·ígãсbr	æzб·ígãсbrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
àqrāeṣr	àqrāeṣraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
xlīșesíăuer	xlīșesíăuiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ôújá'шiór	ôújá'шiórais	V;COND;1;SG;french
iōăwnpywire	iōăwnpywyait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
сCsxñbmaáer	сCsxñbmaáâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
āāuhnivșcxer	āāuhnivșcxoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
Mñăçãfàéder	Mñăçãfàède	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
сãyṣC āшíțer	сãyṣC āшíțons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ã·б-lsшбfer	ã·б-lsшбfe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
păēéșț-ȳSnr	păēéșț-ȳSnrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
üydaV õôæzr	üydaV õôæzriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ōgțțиsèüïker	ōgțțиsèüïkiiens	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
àôkrpïr	àôkrpïssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
fиyàxãvõsòer	fиyàxãvõsòions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ōlãlrvbfūre	ōlãlrvbfūsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
î· fVr	î· fVras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
íṣjìvìer	íṣjìvìassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
æïforruer	æïforrue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
æüсиúēьúīr	æüсиúēьúīr	V;NFIN;french
mlã'-s-ēìáer	mlã'-s-ēìáe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ññьúgūãñwr	ññьúgūãñwsses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
êбūōVîer	êбūōVîé	V.PTCP;PST;french
xçèòăçkсïr	xçèòăçkсïz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
yz·qēîâьāèr	yz·qēîâьāèrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
NaéhfūvâñNer	NaéhfūvâñNasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
rvfyàpir	rvfyàpïssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
tāю·éCvьáoer	tāю·éCvьáoèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
иbüjkñer	иbüjkñât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
eóṣòòer	eóṣòòe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
àwulюшr	àwulюшriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
òñæиár	òñæиárais	V;COND;1;SG;french
Marьïsñeler	Marьïsñèle	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
îdēñdāăиer	îdēñdāăиissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
vxêâõīxüer	en vxêâõīxüant	V.CVB;PRS;french
mæl··wæюzár	mæl··wæюzár	V;NFIN;french
măсNьēr	măсNьērais	V;COND;2;SG;french
àózêō'tшztre	àózêō'tшzṣisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ñwюьnúããõr	ñwюьnúããõr	V;NFIN;french
xjkVõï re	xjkVõï ait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
nсmămzюár	nсmămzюárez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
àióS'и·r	àióS'и·ras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
бSNьhôеòeer	бSNьhôеòeais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
Nmèãò'·rMMdre	Nmèãò'·rMMez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ïшòlúpCenir	ïшòlúpCiendra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
бvõбçиer	бvõбçиassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
бюāoáīer	бюāoáīiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
иîüíier	иîüíions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Ceõìíre	Ceõìísaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
еiq·Cboer	еiq·Cboions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
бCбîиe	бCбîиons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
иṣьæper	иṣьæpât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
-cxv'ьMer	-cxv'ьMaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ikïpãNsîcer	ikïpãNsîçais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
mșõõббxr	mșõõббxs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ȳâ·óyar	ȳâ·óyara	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
mqи-rîeīūvre	mqи-rîeīūvsissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
Mhișшéìpfūr	Mhișшéìpfūr	V;NFIN;french
àóúсăbykr	àóúсăbykraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ȳxèiî-сer	ȳxèiî-сassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
òеюãêēēr	òеюãêēēnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
шxzṣ·ãшmjSer	шxzṣ·ãшmjSâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
eãpìōṣòer	eãpìōṣòions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
oñkxó'ūṣ·er	oñkxó'ūṣ·iez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
pīīaâCeīūór	pīīaâCeīūór	V;NFIN;french
eēóyçpīêurir	eēóyçpīêuert	V.PTCP;PST;french
сfMьfg·hvçer	сfMьfg·hvçteraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
 VюïāăéNtīer	 VюïāăéNtīe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
oCêuиpеr er	en oCêuиpеr ant	V.CVB;PRS;french
íшknâsVr	íшknâsVrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ūîìuxer	ūîìuxas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
àwòеoæбr	àwòеoæбrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
еaș'ïVNqner	еaș'ïVNqne	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ūuéolcьñer	ūuéolcьñions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
mxúúî ñ·z·er	mxúúî ñ·z·ais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
Vțìfüpêìūer	Vțìfüpêìūiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
süțrūr	süțrūz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
lMmāêær	lMmāêænt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
NMuêșCxșшmer	NMuêșCxșшmassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
еàṣàбSīôr r	еàṣàбSīôr ras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
·ègóēer	·ègóēa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ăifìmșáшr	ăifìmșáшs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
boiсãeȳбōmyu-e	beсãeȳбōmyu-iiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
iюñâküüier	iюñâküüiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
бшçrdêpьir	бшçrdêpьîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ēkl'fêq--vr	ēkl'fêq--vnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ṣMMnNer	ṣMMnNâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
õēSlfîrеибer	õēSlfîrеибât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
Vиzиьlxer	Vиzиьlxiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
бx'nwr	бx'nwras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
rxgbmzr	rxgbmzrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
òsiîàedre	òsiîàesist	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
aăCæșyer	aăCæșie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
cñôNūçr	cñôNūçsse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
MōlaæCüCier	MōlaæCüCiames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ṣæçhædīlãr	ṣæçhædīlãrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
éíáòūāer	éíáòūāais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
Mìõ'sñs'r	Mìõ'sñs'rez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
Syâíçéшюwēçoivre	Syâíçéшюwēcevons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
īîțhàãìñàer	īîțhàãìñàions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
é'òôM'еzr	é'òôM'еznt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ííȳbwtr	ííȳbwtrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
qSțhíer	qSțhíasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
āājVãñюи'r	āājVãñюи'rais	V;COND;1;SG;french
pò шôā шNār	pò шôā шNāz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
âfñvekиyker	âfñvekиykast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ьæsṣèеer	ьæsṣèеons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
óãzlюer	óãzlюe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ìúaæsьîer	ìúaæsьîa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
īfqmoțngțier	īfqmoțngțoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
óèīēxCêíér	óèīēxCêíéssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
òăècôzper	òăècôzpasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
õīíhȳófōer	õīíhȳófōaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
y·üômpVer	y·üômpViez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
tãvbræer	tãvbræassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ïrdkxnser	ïrdkxnsa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
àõqõçâæVemer	àõqõçâæVemoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
īvwrȳṣwãavillir	īvwrȳṣwãavudront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
tjèã sàer	tjèã sàasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
águreuьêr	águreuьêra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ēpȳSrúïür	m'ēpȳSrúïüroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
hōzõlbñyxyer	hōzõlbñyxyèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ôîūohkējēer	ôîūohkējēerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ībníxlçyr	ībníxlçyssiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
еèесьïier	еèесьïeroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
Níbvăufшter	Níbvăufшte	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ăoīâüMr	ăoīâüMnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
iñãuìṣúìïer	iñãuìṣúìïaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
rēеæpçșer	rēеæpçșassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ōsìсyooȳucer	ōsìсyooȳuciez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
oиâiqr	oиâiqz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ó юü îz-zwr	ó юü îz-zwz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ōwCïgi·r	ōwCïgi·roit	V;COND;3;SG;french
ecшüõ-ăâer	ecшüõ-ăâais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
géüyãsȳàсr	gèüyãsȳàсra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ōшjò·k wyēer	ōшjò·k wyēions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
fțеoбSer	fțеoбSâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
иī-ēçmțier	иī-ēçmțiait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ьс·ôō·àôṣȳer	ьс·ôō·àôṣȳé	V.PTCP;PST;french
àjózôer	àjózôe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ïãmfìjyăuer	ïãmfìjyăua	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
kьgòyàюqr	kьgòyàюqras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ãxzdeēȳger	ãxzdeēȳgé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ósómf·âuier	ósómf·âuiâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
uêìïCSçtêãr	uêìïCSçtêãriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
ēṣîhсlèшr	ēṣîhсlèшrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ì-ïūiūüer	ì-ïūiūüé	V.PTCP;PST;french
юüSóăbèшier	юüSóăbèшent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
Srdyêàtțõger	Srdyêàtțõge	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
õбjūȳyier	õбjūȳyoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
f·aâáxbcer	f·aâáxbce	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ì·eбçêsõqôer	ì·eбçêsõqôe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
-шç-ïyьxr	-шç-ïyьxr	V;NFIN;french
ōNюdMìōêüer	ōNюdMìōêüast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
'бfèōæjór	'бfèōæjóra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
êgüȳàâgшr	êgüȳàâgшrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
Cìïilszbcr	Cìïilszbcrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
бúáóVer	бúáóViez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
еēmãlçbVóSer	еēmãlçbVóSa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
míăеiììer	míăеiììons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ēсçsdore	ēсçsdoiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ьõloúérer	ьõloúère	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ècuweuoer	ècuweuoe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
vkwmáшer	vkwmáшassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
peōrïūьñznr	pèōrïūьñznrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
òépCéăиîer	òépCéăиîé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ãțāçmber	ãțāçmbé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ïltrîьqțr	ïltrîьqțs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
Mă ïèsçr	Mă ïèsçrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
óêóoqner	óêóoqnasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
æиá·õôñràr	æиá·õôñràrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
xyūSàaéqnCr	xyūSàaéqnCrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
çdțNñer	çdțNñais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
lrp·VеvāìSer	lrp·VеvāìSasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
бzàóVoyșnwr	бzàóVoyșnwnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
kqõìæhãuder	kqõìæhãudiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Nbyçе-ār	Nbyçе-ār	V;NFIN;french
ìxõoõlæòjger	ìxõoõlæòjgait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ṣēçvzâr	ṣēçvzâra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
Vȳdüиbшs er	Vȳdüиbшs e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
bōüóçer	bōüóçât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
çñuūsиdæ·eer	çñuūsиdæ·eant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
õcbükndre	õcbükgne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
çNyvkNиzâr	çNyvkNиzârez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
wqàçțer	wqàçțant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
vnmãqzkáс'r	vnmãqzkáс's	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
tсVṣjóier	tсVṣjóeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
țьyNjõшãer	țьyNjõшãe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
óêюwüber	óêюwübât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
yfôáyîer	en yfôáyîant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ypьrwer	ypьrwe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
nqénjáer	en nqénjáant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ēfqzțñr·еàer	ēfqzțñr·еàât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
endìhсã·òer	endìhсã·òe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ôrшьówȳzæMillir	ôrшьówȳzæMli	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
сюñàSébàr	сюñàSébàs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ãсbïn æețNr	ãсbïn æețNrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
āīxāșçàîer	āīxāșçàîassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ôṣf ñèvíhder	ôṣf ñèvíhdons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
aăpõãmiber	aăpõãmibas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
aõãеïṣálaier	aõãеïṣálaeroiz	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
eíȳ fr	eíȳ ft	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ièàșê·dier	ièàșê·uz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ãṣúìwïer	ãṣúìwïe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
svâēcētìr	svâēcētìr	V;NFIN;french
ññïîyшr	ññïîyшra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
tèeoiV'æõиer	tèeoiV'æõиais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
țç áбīger	țç áбīgassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ōô'czfúülr	ōô'czfúülra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
üсюhăjēer	üсюhăjēèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
 üõzьzover	 üõzьzuissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
lïpgõȳâr	lïpgõȳâr	V;NFIN;french
'füSебeir	'füSебïstes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
puuyāóæSìer	puuyāóæSìiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
dșjăiár	dșjăiárent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
сюCããer	сюCããé	V.PTCP;PST;french
vkāvgNier	vkāvgNiions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
еüāahnhr	еüāahnhz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ṣn б-ì iîer	ṣn б-ì iîe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ȳcūfüṣbõr	ȳcūfüṣbõssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
spēkō·fbūer	spēkō·fbūâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
бîãVxțer	бîãVxțais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ãvú èșiибendre	ãvú èșiибît	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
·îòătюfюer	·îòătюfюe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
aăteōóCier	aăteōóCerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ryfbúr	ryfbúra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
Mheàxer	en Mheàxant	V.CVB;PRS;french
a ru·Nir	a ru·Ni	V.PTCP;PST;french
õēșrïvjr	õēșrïvjraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
òNéèṣer	òNéèṣe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ьçê hâr	ьçê hârait	V;COND;3;SG;french
aoșôüver	aoșôüva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
èúrбkqékgбer	èúrбkqékgбâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
lștiáțer	lștiáțois	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ūrțеdjNer	ūrțеdjNant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
MwuæSïāuwer	MwuæSïāuwai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ôïãSdáïâr	ôïãSdáïânt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
dṣūòāglrr	dṣūòāglrz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
cеôzxērCMr	cеôzxērCMrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
иgṣìàtkìweoir	иgṣìàtkìwoiriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
șcwCyеrïàçr	șcwCyеrïàçz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
õzьSkar	õzьSkariez	V;COND;2;PL;french
·ūpсtber	·ūpсtbions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
īthșșīr	īthșșīrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
nNāōx-èper	nNāōx-èpe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
óñâàmбșбеțndre	óñâàmбșбеțgnez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ìéçüșīloir	ìéçüșīdrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ōmüMиăk'mMer	ōmüMиăk'mMèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
бôíçyèer	бôíçyèe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
vbиăhșājoer	vbиăhșājoassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
éṣēôēnâçer	éṣēôēnâçai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
úcāVnVô ṣer	úcāVnVô ṣe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
maübVr	maübVraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ãâюæбr	ãâюæбrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
æãhьs'yèéer	æãhьs'yèéâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
jgtnyīãer	jgtnyīãiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
Véwà-kxṣñder	Véwà-kxṣñdions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
êōюṣиjīdNеtre	êōюṣиjīdNеsant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
æVшшwer	en æVшшwant	V.CVB;PRS;french
бòȳñиir	бòȳñиiraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
шícețmxîVîcer	шícețmxîVîçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ï·úiбșxer	ï·úiбșxaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ôvbțMjer	ôvbțMjé	V.PTCP;PST;french
hçqìțr	hçqìțrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
lkpnюсqêérer	lkpnюсqêèreront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
Mo'v'r	Mo'v'z	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
-țibçvçáîȳr	-țibçvçáîȳz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
Vèȳæ'țìer	Vèȳæ'țìoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
еmõúúvúиxíer	еmõúúvúиxíe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
kCwnzler	kCwnzle	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ôyCçafr	ôyCçafrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
áêéí·șõer	áêéí·șõaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
sеṣēuer	sеṣēuons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
dñètõfâêr	dñètõfâênt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ãsà údâd'r	ãsà údâd'rait	V;COND;3;SG;french
éñïșscer	éñïșsçasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ȳuovSaîer	ȳuovSaîassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
иôю иā·çēer	иôю иā·çēe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
áãеõ'vüèãêétrer	áãеõ'vüèãêètres	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
·Nzzăer	·Nzzăs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ldîñSMpyăer	ldîñSMpyăant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ïи-êюaăr	ïи-êюaăra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
aēîMôū'r	aēîMôū's	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
àVheocyer	àVheocierions	V;COND;1;PL;french
lăóekõrïser	lăóekõrïsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ñêCiNu'sór	ñêCiNu'sórez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ȳțriīCwer	ȳțriīCwât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
иbCârf ōier	иbCârf ōeassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
īьtrьõwer	īьtrьõwe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
òêq·ūter	òêq·ūta	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ôdyюüòáēr	se ôdyюüòáēront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
tàсyēre	tàсyēsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
Vбsuãeswer	Vбsuãeswions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
agkîьānòeer	agkîьānòeoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
бâț tker	бâț tkasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
òòúc-·óàer	òòúc-·óàions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
léсbõиpæшVr	léсbõиpæшVz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
Nииõrúēшюer	Nииõrúēшюassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
opüq-er	opüq-ions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
êсjțtæúr	êсjțtæúz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
sеițбúápīire	sеițбúápīusse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
gāṣóèczer	gāṣóèczions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
īaiMȳzer	īaiMȳzissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
·Cqóúñcer	·Cqóúñçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
īõюkăūver	īõюkăūvait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
úV-ú-eсkñr	úV-ú-eсkñnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
Vcwêüxümõer	Vcwêüxümõèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
uțezsVìxer	uțezsVìxiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
șàqyóïòer	șàqyóïòâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
dæéбMṣțiюoer	dæéбMṣțiюoassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
 Vym èmer	 Vym èmaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
·ñèNfwxīer	·ñèNfwxīons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
fõtóæeàè'r	fõtóæeàè'ront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ṣițеægúü·ber	ṣițеægúü·bât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
kxpúîpсôæntre	kxpúîpсôænsoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
mNюьîyțсțgre	mNюьîyțсțgions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
jdñxoáer	jdñxoáé	V.PTCP;PST;french
jüáqm-āgr	jüáqm-āgrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ppōïæūïser	ppōïæūïsant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
aòcjṣr	aòcjṣras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
gьсíñșеS'wer	gьсíñșеS'wait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
âéõyáxюēиr	âéõyáxюēиnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
üSи-æcï·hâr	üSи-æcï·hârons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
áèmшțéшer	áèmшțéшiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
üеrwīāïêr	üеrwīāïêront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ṣuàôüēqqìer	ṣuàôüēqqìasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
бēæ'ăwker	бēæ'ăwke	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
țætãîuer	țætãîuassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
шêüõvïk·xêer	шêüõvïk·xêait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
hlюwșr	hlюwșriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ьíqõbîáer	ьíqõbîáassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
--zūrer	--zūrai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
snșftădșr	snșftădșr	V;NFIN;french
ōVбkreēer	ōVбkreēions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
çшàṣdúSàеyer	çшàṣdúSàеyast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
qaã'Vr	qaã'Vra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
zxvñèr	zxvñèrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
îā'сwеиoêter	îā'сwеиoêtâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
gèïбçбõr	gèïбçбõrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
yâüãuer	yâüãuiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
mшNSüMóбr	mшNSüMóбrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ēgzxhSе ür	ēgzxhSе ünt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ixюnoī er	ixюnoī a	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
āílCăfêer	āílCăfêant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
bxr vóîer	bxr vóîâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ȳaCNqr	ȳaCNqraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
căиòwzсxôr	căиòwzсxôrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
tvìw qer	tvìw qe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
àȳúȳyéшwMr	àȳúȳyéшwMs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
xîîṣfîvțбæer	xîîṣfîvțбæait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ūîâCfer	ūîâCfe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
бaCēMjāóāшr	бaCēMjāóāшrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
âьoēéanțr	âьoēéanțrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
MháMьCVer	MháMьCVai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
foíôăxher	foíôăxhât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
àtySсer	àtySсe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
duyVmiber	duyVmibais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
úóóăãr	úóóăãnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
úvōòșьVoîer	úvōòșьVoîasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
âófdôjéūìôître	âófdôjéūìôissez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
oюkīààăiēr	oюkīààăiēssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ōеìedr	ōеìedrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
īvkбóadàȳсier	īvkбóadàȳсe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
eñõñNíõțr	eñõñNíõțriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ōüénnf·væóer	ōüénnf·væóassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
·Mь·găer	·Mь·găons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Nçèшсo éer	Nçèшсo éiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ïețȳrìêшár	ïețȳrìêшárai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ôépòsir	ôépòsîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
сlsgīr	сlsgīz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
wúāēătlêzaébrer	wúāēătlêzaèbres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
woêõṣs-àâсer	woêõṣs-àâсasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
'ьñbíñbá'cier	'ьñbíñbá'z	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
òNàï·Móôwjer	òNàï·Móôwjâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
éîíūеre	éîíūеsiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Cjqîьæòoer	Cjqîьæòoèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ãăéōóir	ãăéōóirait	V;COND;3;SG;french
tçyéseVer	tçyéseViez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ṣgzșfxōer	ṣgzșfxōions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
еóúezger	еóúezgaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
õșîêbarenir	õșîêbariens	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ñlșôșêáer	ñlșôșêáassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ȳьNíüēȳünīr	ȳьNíüēȳünīs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ṣш·õcr	ṣш·õcrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
Meāaxю'ñer	Meāaxю'ñais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
wșṣMxer	wșṣMxiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Noьhúçhиããr	Noьhúçhиããz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
dâшjrcser	dâшjrcsassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
m·skóюçêVer	m·skóюçêVât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ybgbMbōer	ybgbMbōer	V;NFIN;french
àсбmtmāer	àсбmtmāais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
èaóSèzăer	èaóSèzăe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
иtúrer	иtúrer	V;NFIN;french
vcūCúzeger	vcūCúzegasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
MеMâxбuer	MеMâxбuoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
pmafur	pmafuras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
fèșôncâNer	fèșôncâNe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ṣîddâțr	ṣîddâțrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
hțóuMàoyer	hțóuMàerrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
erü бôṣMr	erü бôṣMnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
æñбìюcqer	æñбìюcqiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ïиīшșăàxNNr	ïиīшșăàxNNriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
qьaи-çr	qьaи-çront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
lțṣfv'yerre	lțṣfv'yiere	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
îсșykérer	îсșykèrerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
kfàūèr-бôr	kfàūèr-бôront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ãsòjâjer	ãsòjâjais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
kíïükp'ïíer	kíïükp'ïíe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
Sïaеkșōur	Sïaеkșōuront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ãôиtū-r	ãôиtū-ras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
āídãæihеíer	āídãæihеíe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
hàxqVăíer	hàxqVăíast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ēhòșălndre	ēhòșălgnis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
èv·ìé mюVxer	èv·ìé mюVxèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
 èéīòē''ir	 èéīòē''e	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
úkvnpyāæeôr	úkvnpyāæeôra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
àrfSbèVr	àrfSbèVraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ærõgæêgr	ærõgæêgs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
VшțàMбóòær	VшțàMбóòæs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
CNqp șbțшser	CNqp șbțшsèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
hțõîôr	hțõîôriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
Càçîoșòer	Càçîoșòèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
āădizr	āădizriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ææéquȳïr	ææéquȳïssions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
tăenwr	tăenwra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ãweīj'Cwór	ãweīj'Cwós	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
êiuюșr	êiuюșrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
·jfN'âțbãr	·jfN'âțbãnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ūr·ṣârьеēer	ūr·ṣârьеēaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
êtсrír	êtсrís	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
șūōvсír	șūōvсíz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
īxбìcîer	īxбìcîa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
áãNāér	áãNāér	V;NFIN;french
wēш-·rюer	wēш-·rюessons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ējpiúr	ējpiúra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
èvîõôиxer	èvîõôиxassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ăюômóqsgr	ăюômóqsgr	V;NFIN;french
ōaMltNшôr	ōaMltNшôrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
â·VwMer	â·VwMait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
юccNuxб бer	юccNuxб бassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
rgшjwer	rgшjwiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
jtjṣ òer	jtjṣ òe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ôāuvrwóMter	ôāuvrwóMtassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
țañfīneȳer	țañfīneȳasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
-юáūăr	-юáūărias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
èçwьеsīõqșar	èçwьеsīõqșásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
oш'ȳсyüvr	oш'ȳсyüvis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãȳvg êиr	ãȳvg êиria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
сNjiюMtălr	сNjiюMtălvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īpēшfr	īpēшfndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
usNăóèMr	usNăóèMdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
bсõìçțvîjr	bсõìçțvîjr	V;NFIN;portuguese
qScюkr	qScюkrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
pScpCcar	pScpCce	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èēCégāôar	èēCégāôássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăūñūtr	ăūñūtr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
néïêàrúáçar	néïêàrúáce	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
șMe ūā'юar	șMe ūā'юem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
Niáhār	Niáhār	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ãāçīïar	ãāçīïuem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ïеbñfCṣhr	ïеbñfCṣhr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
yюúdaшțb r	yюúdaшțb r	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
шūçaVиar	шūçaVиámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ìyîçdr	ìyîçdstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
gьătиor	gьătиodas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
èóur·æ-îьir	èóur·æ-îьam	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
eõьqVúáVеar	eõьqVúáVеou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ewãáMōar	ewãáMōámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ēèhúS'oar	ēèhúS'oamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Nô-çõōrMõMar	Nô-çõōrMõMe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
viīkáar	viīkáávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úușūôar	úușūôes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ynêtеar	ynêtеe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ïишțgōMîñdr	ïишțgōMîñdr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çñьCír	çñьCísses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īбюvïȳlir	īбюvïȳlirias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
d'mSūuсér	d'mSūuсéres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
-dшhhțvòr	-dшhhțvòrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
iеlșúcr	iеlșúcdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
gióôbōr	gióôbōr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
-ci ãîduNr	-ci ãîduNrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
юèăш'ygīgar	юèăш'ygīgou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ãlīè'r	ãlīè'ríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
țyüáv ír	țyüáv índo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ităюübr	ităюübdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
pxfgMèîâãür	pxfgMèîâãür	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
gulrшcôìбrr	gulrшcôìбrrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Vãtīñar	Vãtīñes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
mMNâṣentir	mMNâṣinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
üȳеṣсar	üȳеṣсei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·bȳhbãéir	·bȳhbãéíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иîeaiăVṣuæar	иîeaiăVṣuæe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
e·àuṣzбr	e·àuṣzбras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
yāxôèæáVâr	yāxôèæáVârmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
õеuеbï·ar	õеuеbï·es	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ēæãюna'u'r	ēæãюna'u'ríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
țăṣoháиôjr	țăṣoháиôjvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юnìæM'âr	юnìæM'âstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ìóVdиfMțar	ìóVdиfMțe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ìvюăiyūéúar	ìvюăiyūéúeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Cròéìíxïjr	Cròéìíxïjr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
vбhSúr	vбhSúrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
иqсèūȳbr	иqсèūȳbssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pNóyшâr	pNóyшâra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Mõьàиir	Mõьàиíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
zxēãюmюеr	zxēãюmюеs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãçbìjltȳæar	ãçbìjltȳæásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üбúȳwhlSàr	üбúȳwhlSàdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
òremúr	òremússe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ūēoьúmêrvюr	ūēoьúmêrvюva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êi-kênr	êi-kênvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xzīóиájòMar	xzīóиájòMes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
âfæp-áíqr	âfæp-áíqreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
īwêmNçāq wr	īwêmNçāq wis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ììomrhr	ììomrhres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ōkM-óyшar	ōkM-óyшáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
rcbôāьṣr	rcbôāьṣremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
mwoqVofr	mwoqVofrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
úæâôa'ôr	úæâôa'ôremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
æbюеюūkбr	æbюеюūkбres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
āīnzrr	āīnzrstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
еqбyáēïbzór	еqбyáēïbzóa	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úên âr	úên ârem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
'áȳêtNwñrr	'áȳêtNwñrstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
āṣìCáãñȳūrr	āṣìCáãñȳūrr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
òшtgăîr	òшtgăîreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ìьóuсõsâNr	ìьóuсõsâNres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ăgìtīr	ăgìtīremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
kōçaéṣcær	kōçaéṣcæm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
bgēьqar	bgēьqa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
rpьīy-õar	rpьīy-õam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
vïzpṣõr	vïzpṣõdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
сōxôиtшíâr	сōxôиtшíâr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Mjjaștur	Mjjaștustes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
țèaw-wr	țèaw-wria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ehaçôсеVür	ehaçôсеVürão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
qgшиòóiæNr	qgшиòóiæNrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
áoê иȳōar	áoê иȳōaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
mcñjai-ṣr	mcñjai-ṣdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
zNеàVir	zNеàVira	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
vãōMzVèāíсr	vãōMzVèāíсssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьbcâfæàNaéar	ьbcâfæàNaéem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
zūеæôar	zūеæôeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
qìțN·Cîăüar	qìțN·Cîăüo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
vçjсSear	vçjсSeámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
flñNkâãeyer	flñNkâãeyamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
gárxõr	gárxõvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳy·çеaryar	ȳy·çеarya	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
țsôlămêvr	țsôlămêvr	V;NFIN;portuguese
éehVluñóшr	éehVluñóшr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
MñjôzCṣlr	MñjôzCṣlram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
еsíиohgțmr	еsíиohgțmra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Cóqñeșūõr	Cóqñeșūõrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ēеgæzpr	ēеgæzpis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ōçõühMăgăr	ōçõühMăgărei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
bykodgìшCar	bykodgìшCes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Nèàçpиāar	Nèàçpиāáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ăeôVüjáâīr	ăeôVüjáâīrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
wuôüCar	wuôüCa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
jibmūñеêar	jibmūñеêe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ïюșrõṣhr	ïюșrõṣhndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
 áêlbêhir	 áêlbêhíam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nеиrшaè-șçar	nеиrшaè-șcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ьqcиuzìævcar	ьqcиuzìævque	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
е-M-lzr	е-M-lzdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
cgīhóiwïar	cgīhóiwïia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ațèrêõSar	ațèrêõSe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
MwéwsMNófar	MwéwsMNófemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
бdõțbïàr	бdõțbïàste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ōüиéбoj'êr	ōüиéбoj'êrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
vòшxyéсdr	vòшxyéсdria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
üænrnr	üænrnsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōscôdēēar	ōscôdēēemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ãsjeбdqr	ãsjeбdqis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
qoNīãш-r	qoNīãш-dos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
hṣțe·éoxxr	hṣțe·éoxxi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dãæïcīãшtr	dãæïcīãшtssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шôòN·uюpr	шôòN·uюpdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
alã'țr	alã'țvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìvăēêьюqr	ìvăēêьюqva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Vvòṣoшăúpr	Vvòṣoшăúpram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·ōçșnш ñr	·ōçșnш ñs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūõváòzdyțàr	ūõváòzdyțàrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
yjkñюçaar	yjkñюçaa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
wmȳCèü-ar	wmȳCèü-áreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
âçpáaMṣãNr	âçpáaMṣãNva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·āāòôetlr	·āāòôetlram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sdasñr	sdasñva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïnṣzããiîüeguir	ïnṣzããiîüigas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
tи сúãfjar	tи сúãfjáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vuïòêàM țr	vuïòêàM țdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
gjxȳéȳpdgVar	gjxȳéȳpdgVes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țеâkbóìõar	țеâkbóìõávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òw-ṣîшj'ar	òw-ṣîшj'ei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
xțçwaòióãēr	xțçwaòióãējais	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
çpédtfūr	çpédtfūria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
àrfk ñ·éȳcr	àrfk ñ·éȳcvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōjçōhnr	ōjçōhnria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
șzwdrúr	șzwdrúríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
ãjñVír	ãjñVírás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
æCюéwеr	æCюéwеríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
üāgшúCбâêar	üāgшúCбâêei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ãîSïo lòr	ãîSïo lòda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
uīkīwāūwüçr	uīkīwāūwüçrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
V òбpr	V òбpra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
iиhnьōar	iиhnьōáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ьMțеrmrar	ьMțеrmraas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
pêȳбш fcer	pêȳбш fça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ăgêбṣăăñvîr	ăgêбṣăăñvîrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
uíìsõr	uíìsõste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
o·Cāñār	o·Cāñāste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tuôvēr	tuôvēres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
viadшMéîеñr	viadшMéîеñvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñиȳépr	ñиȳépva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãбVóàюsnã·r	ãбVóàюsnã·rmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
èz-ṣüzlar	èz-ṣüzla	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
asêiiõṣr	asêiiõṣr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
-k-юh-tbNr	-k-юh-tbNra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·ṣèôār	·ṣèôāra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
qwàесôñṣar	qwàесôñṣem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
aб·sNar	aб·sNámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ôx·ôбïràõñar	ôx·ôбïràõñáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
u-бbfyar	u-бbfyar	V;NFIN;portuguese
ōúóókuṣNr	ōúóókuṣNriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ṣqæãacar	ṣqæãacáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
hkōCôūatr	hkōCôūatva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hü mюōlшjir	hü mюōlшjíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
áviNlṣr	áviNlṣras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ïebdMSór	ïebdMSói	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
hèñCțīêVr	hèñCțīêVra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Naюzyáér	Naюzyáéra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
âéljoyьēr	âéljoyьērdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
cьtăîrñ'nçr	cьtăîrñ'nçr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pvìăúṣăbюwar	pvìăúṣăbюwa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ōuzшòàr	ōuzшòàrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
íïñlō·r	íïñlō·ndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
b ōê æòr	b ōê æòstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ïluéouīar	ïluéouīie	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
āиhíшlgr	āиhíшlgra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
óюïpjqnsar	óюïpjqnsue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
īSăx'Scxzõr	īSăx'Scxzõste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ācōиțēzș-ȳr	ācōиțēzș-ȳreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ìõásâïér	ìõásâïéria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
íæèééеōar	íæèééеōemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
iüwșfpar	iüwșfpa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ïúMиzóăar	ïúMиzóăásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бürțșïCr	бürțșïCr	V;NFIN;portuguese
y·юōrar	y·юōre	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
gușjôyir	gușjôyem	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ìбmōkâr	ìбmōkâsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьNpȳç·æbzar	ьNpȳç·æbzem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ȳægиêjgìțxr	ȳægиêjgìțxva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çhшóàar	çhшóàáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
uN·сõr	uN·сõrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
tșlūșCãr	tșlūșCãríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ēkōсrbиjr	ēkōсrbиjs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
êoṣșiïr	êoṣșiïras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
fōófder	fōófdermos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
jrerkkr	jrerkkrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
'Ctlàjūбūâr	'Ctlàjūбūâram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
MēhMár	MēhMásse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еpīбCblúlgr	еpīбCblúlgram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
qîçyor	qîçyoremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
rdătêar	rdătêes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
'ê'wCиèjбr	'ê'wCиèjбsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rvlsō-țlñūr	rvlsō-țlñūrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
шõaîüCшúõqr	шõaîüCшúõqndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
'üMwîír	'üMwîírá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
iêàéеqlzюīar	iêàéеqlzюīa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ìăibçõdr	ìăibçõdvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьиiMnrìāеr	ьиiMnrìāеram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ü'omoбhr	ü'omoбhrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ūṣìzáSêïeеr	ūṣìzáSêïeеsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
M·tb·ar	M·tb·em	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
uеàôó-úиr	uеàôó-úиrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
mwïChVòéшar	mwïChVòéшa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
üсNáir	üсNáiríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
òqçpâcar	òqçpâquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
qskzéițr	qskzéițsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
umáC·cr	umáC·cm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
çpàòltcar	çpàòltquemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
êóēõ-ìȳíбr	êóēõ-ìȳíбdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
 țoîâăūr	 țoîâăūsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'бèōnzcqoMr	'бèōnzcqoMria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
zṣià·ar	zṣià·ia	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ьõNeюrdh ir	ьõNeюrdh íssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òduvșr	òduvșres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
-hṣbfar	-hṣbfámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ìūșìpd'ar	ìūșìpd'emos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
mjṣxōr	mjṣxōr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țuìбgшêìèNr	țuìбgшêìèNi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
fhvòõr	fhvòõrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
бéézjēów·nr	бéézjēów·nndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ьcюîar	ьcюîardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ééеqьr	ééеqьis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
-ìüīшdèeCr	-ìüīшdèeCrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
āemüișōôñar	āemüișōôñáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ïsшțṣvpr	ïsшțṣvpríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ăiâūãgæSăсr	ăiâūãgæSăсvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Nàṣеp útèolir	Nàṣеp útèula	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
dVūNN'nr	dVūNN'nria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
mïyăиūj·rlr	mïyăиūj·rlstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
бñш'êьàxdr	бñш'êьàxdndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
èvсíàhìêr	èvсíàhìêras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
MdMpn·s-Nr	MdMpn·s-Ner	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
шшpdCar	шшpdCe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
pqеîñr	pqеîñvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țMí-юNyir	țMí-юNyíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
étï'rr	étï'rsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rjō·ySjr	rjō·ySjda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
gpwpyfìïegar	gpwpyfìïegáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
á·Sшíçr	á·Sшíçrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юāṣîū'ōsȳr	юāṣîū'ōsȳvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ēêñjȳüиwēr	ēêñjȳüиwērá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
qwcuāóur	qwcuāóurás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
épvçșàȳuodar	épvçșàȳuoda	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
âuñòâar	âuñòâáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rṣCьșür	rṣCьșürmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
nupsVāxuar	nupsVāxue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Slеí-hr	Slеí-hrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
qfáēMïõr	qfáēMïõrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
âqxеèVé çnr	âqxеèVé çnrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
lūïñçar	lūïñçemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
â-zшegcшar	â-zшegcшemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
mȳи-onшrr	mȳи-onшrdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
-üCюêiīсttr	-üCюêiīсtti	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
zõūhzr	zõūhzr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
'íyêìrr	'íyêìrdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
VxipüSr	VxipüSres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
iweõшNçzr	iweõшNçzra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ūūâydxeçr	ūūâydxeçrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
qy'-çi-düúar	qy'-çi-düúávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еlēcșăēlr	еlēcșăēlremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ūoūюma'ôr	ūoūюma'ôi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
jșoq'r	jșoq'r	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
fōcюiбr	fōcюiбríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
SīsCìfar	SīsCìfueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Núṣuār	Núṣuādas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
cюțíêьüàâCr	cюțíêьüàâCras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
иă ūVæ'bбr	иă ūVæ'bбda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
qrìo'oеțñar	qrìo'oеțñes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ălōacSapr	ălōacSapr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Mqеьrr	Mqеьrmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
 -ôfür	 -ôfüdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
sSmuеdqülgir	sSmuеdqüljas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
 ôjæьar	 ôjæьa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
сьcrсōеiar	сьcrсōеiávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æașdõizāyr	æașdõizāydas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
âcbsсcçar	âcbsсcçe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
íííиāèēюmr	íííиāèēюmr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
lcaеjçüôьuar	lcaеjçüôьuámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ūñm--iæájr	ūñm--iæájr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ôṣījб·òvr	ôṣījб·òvra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Sțîzìséyar	Sțîzìséyemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
éMșóhúr	éMșóhúvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
oMțòCNсtr	oMțòCNсtr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
z-iȳânūșCr	z-iȳânūșCram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ãCfññnár	ãCfññnáreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
úuwñàăgr	úuwñàăgram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
üdaṣàюïюMrr	üdaṣàюïюMrm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
qăcȳīăVâêdar	qăcȳīăVâêdem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ñatürr	ñatürrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
 ãáóiȳr	 ãáóiȳrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
beīțéáшr	beīțéáшrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
zïwбóôCṣr	zïwбóôCṣra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ьdьîюиeеr	ьdьîюиeеvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'ȳúkohbçсr	'ȳúkohbçсres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
shqȳõ țír	shqȳõ țír	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
zãxxvoNSkar	zãxxvoNSka	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
-üs·wancar	-üs·wanques	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
âsьêṣìaxr	âsьêṣìaxm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
юôæi'юvīqbr	юôæi'юvīqbrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
æāztCãūâr	æāztCãūâríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
āüóьôàбqor	āüóьôàбqormos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
N·tāmtaūóiar	N·tāmtaūóies	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
mpбьxçar	mpбьxçeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
-õkõéfhr	-õkõéfhres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ìClțCçuhfr	ìClțCçuhfr	V;NFIN;portuguese
·īsñìīãaôáar	·īsñìīãaôáemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
áNиif r	áNиif stes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
''шk-zãCr	''шk-zãCr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ôná'ибar	ôná'ибemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
с'ãxy-ïar	с'ãxy-ïemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
wãSyboõsgoar	wãSyboõsgoei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ācâMçnr	ācâMçnríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
iōṣgáșMãr	iōṣgáșMãis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūNēñjõwg sar	ūNēñjõwg se	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
wūusàēpæȳбr	wūusàēpæȳбram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
M'pôyеșr	M'pôyеșrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
MMClwòr	MMClwòva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ūoáиaõñr	ūoáиaõñras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·ñèmzúūNțtr	·ñèmzúūNțtrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
úāiȳxr	úāiȳxi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
иtесæбéxr	иtесæбéxria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
'·àxиküVSar	'·àxиküVSar	V;NFIN;portuguese
ráímjțīсīr	ráímjțīсīr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
èfñôoy-éaar	èfñôoy-éao	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
eí·uqбar	eí·uqбa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
Vkăæaшсбr	Vkăæaшсбdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
lqçțverer	lqçțvisesses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nôémюïar	nôémюïáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qюyṣîlcr	qюyṣîlcram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
èíèïbrar	èíèïbrávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
küṣMSàcxr	küṣMSàcxria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ecqṣdūVüear	ecqṣdūVüeo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
oïewæêițr	oïewæêițrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
üNxmCr	üNxmCram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
lhMèwar	lhMèwemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
-ááaêkar	-ááaêkáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ū-aõlr	ū-aõlrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
Cț'CūnSïMír	Cț'CūnSïMíra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ūnfñweшșar	ūnfñweшșámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
anzgháñr	anzgháñremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
jçе шNșr	jçе шNșram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
êt CrgóVñuar	êt CrgóVñuemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
uõtūȳçr	uõtūȳçmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūNhūâNшsr	ūNhūâNшsres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
îgьutar	îgьutarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
xêáṣôȳôScar	xêáṣôȳôScámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
apvsm-r	apvsm-ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
bVèæьсar	bVèæьсáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
и-ìṣêvfшfwr	и-ìṣêvfшfwres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
eā-iúàar	eā-iúào	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
сx·î'ar	сx·î'ámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
çNсìCxïdr	çNсìCxïddos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
üm-ṣgaVs-ar	üm-ṣgaVs-ou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иñòjȳçõиyr	иñòjȳçõиyrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
íбóuúãqgìár	íбóuúãqgìáva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 ãrwéṣtáīúr	 ãrwéṣtáīúram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
сèīțüõar	сèīțüõávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Suvgеar	Suvgеeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Vç·uâ·āer	Vç·uâ·āe	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
сțīæóó·írfir	сțīæóó·írfa	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
æyõьōar	æyõьōem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
mkсllбçâar	mkсllбçâáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
xr·иaеâiîr	xr·иaеâiîstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
éбaMȳîr	éбaMȳîm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ïdõãú·fêțár	ïdõãú·fêțáva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иx Sеēr	иx Sеērão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
юxkиȳьáar	юxkиȳьáa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ulьюdóōr	ulьюdóōra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
êș zюær	êș zюæs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
vgшèiețr	vgшèiețndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ãcīeиṣSăar	ãcīeиṣSăem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ìfídN·r	ìfídN·nham	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
юшьxtàVșúxr	юшьxtàVșúxsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æíkmga-Car	æíkmga-Cei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
еcшSс'ьãюiar	еcшSс'ьãюiemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
mdеdxîêrïr	mdеdxîêrïrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
īôȳô·бjcar	īôȳô·бjque	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
vēòêj'r	vēòêj'ste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ìæшàaóóāur	ìæшàaóóāures	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fêüюcSăēăãr	fêüюcSăēăãr	V;NFIN;portuguese
Mtūúnar	Mtūúnásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īьșî·çr	īьșî·çrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
êæbȳemūr	êæbȳemūva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çCVеșúér	çCVеșúérem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
íwïșir	íwïșires	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ñwóósиjr	ñwóósиjdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
șó·vôbșqr	șó·vôbșqres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ȳoãykиuèōâar	ȳoãykиuèōâeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
бīNíSueïíer	бīNíSueïíais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
bêpnjâgar	bêpnjâgem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
NïmābèCæMâar	NïmābèCæMâes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ówbjìānш·r	ówbjìānш·ríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
úюhqõir	úюhqõíres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
áhmîшar	áhmîшa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
VfôæMr	VfôæMr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
'иìâNwxūáær	'иìâNwxūáærem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
l xṣfr	l xṣfria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
êjш hvîæSMr	êjш hvîæSMva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'CшōõṣqtzCr	'CшōõṣqtzCr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
бṣx сàăr	бṣx сàăra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
țьwVïеkьr	țьwVïеkьríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
сāMtMr	сāMtMra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
íēdüūr	íēdüūria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
èpā-иū'dūbr	èpā-иū'dūbdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
zēюçюṣódțr	zēюçюṣódțu	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
vūrê-ăṣor	vūrê-ăṣões	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ónеnìūxr	ónеnìūxrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
Mquáиnāar	Mquáиnāáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
yçblòar	yçblòa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
eșãaìr	eșãaìra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
SjūdìSr	SjūdìSr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
çôh'бMïmiюar	çôh'бMïmiюem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
eьț·șúxbr	eьț·șúxbvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ūkațl șеïшcar	ūkațl șеïшquem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ьȳdqwar	ьȳdqwásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īúṣâór	īúṣâóram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
daaçCr	daaçCdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
еò·бç ar	еò·бç e	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
īòqïsṣьéóar	īòqïsṣьéóou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·è·ьшшüækNar	·è·ьшшüækNássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éîtṣājюṣr	éîtṣājюṣrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ōúòбríCar	ōúòбríCa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
üсîxèúar	üсîxèúe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
nfwăxсșьãir	nfwăxсșьãe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
tíüīiüsVvir	tíüīiüsVvíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
âdíêbñbār	âdíêbñbāriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
íüьïееsiar	íüьïееsia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
qṣюbōòr	qṣюbōòsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
óqNīàar	óqNīàem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ssrdțõoéCtr	ssrdțõoéCtreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ōq·ьCbar	ōq·ьCbem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
vqdāühïnsar	vqdāühïnsámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
gpíêóàи·ar	gpíêóàи·e	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
qăügшácer	qăügшáçamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Sшô oõüàr	Sшô oõüàssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cúxtxhbñNșr	cúxtxhbñNșrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
æàofçkar	æàofçkem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
æVúбñwhr	æVúбñwhríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
ār n-wășér	ār n-wășérão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
g ȳmīeìșr	g ȳmīeìșva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ūüêthqSer	ūüêthqSivera	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ăюhüjàõбȳāar	ăюhüjàõбȳāa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ósSшàr	ósSшàsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 ü'ãm·xCñïr	 ü'ãm·xCñïsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Nиfāá·Cnmsr	Nиfāá·Cnmssse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
CjîьNMïr	CjîьNMïr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
òóêïșóar	òóêïșóo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
hlăbsópqvr	hlăbsópqvrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ôdănсñ·yrêr	ôdănсñ·yrêvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ürūoójr	ürūoójrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
сhîèòir	сhîèòirmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
uțaȳryêȳr	uțaȳryêȳstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
f'ēSüсféüsr	f'ēSüсféüsi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
úhāyqir	úhāyqíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ilșòtwr	ilșòtwrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
șíàh'nșōãшr	șíàh'nșōãшres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
âиô·шr	âиô·шda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
Sьīwēìrïir	Sьīwēìrïiríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
çțсxdqgir	çțсxdqjam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
бüNuzvzеjr	бüNuzvzеjdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
yбoó'ābnpar	yбoó'ābnpáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
gșéеgr	gșéеgríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
·ȳcṣur	·ȳcṣusses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nüāòwr	nüāòwrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
xū·еōáqtшсr	xū·еōáqtшсríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ēaVtæ·r	ēaVtæ·vam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
áь·ȳиyar	áь·ȳиyáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éhíāюjNhr	éhíāюjNhr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
NóNăãar	NóNăãem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
hpejer	hpejeio	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūñMôfdar	ūñMôfde	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ēM'бâr	ēM'бârdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
üю-șиmNōar	üю-șиmNōemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ïṣzțȳæēēoīr	ïṣzțȳæēēoīnham	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
țṣMàgééṣVhr	țṣMàgééṣVhsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
îobóбñsș ar	îobóбñsș ávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lbèqVaāar	lbèqVaāe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
шāxôìàìlzr	шāxôìàìlzda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
î·óahoāȳiñar	î·óahoāȳiñeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ūp âūir	ūp âūamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
àñáăéьàúèpr	àñáăéьàúèpsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æçügSîyiher	æçügSîyiham	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
kb'iюwюïиòar	kb'iюwюïиòa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
dhrбmêïar	dhrбmêïem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
pīCNxôNãшēr	pīCNxôNãшēria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
çüeõãr	çüeõãríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ïórqòhбòêēr	ïórqòhбòêēva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êюè-lṣnr	êюè-lṣnrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
âzmua·r	âzmua·res	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
zNwxeюtnr	zNwxeюtni	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
éCìсtàfṣgir	éCìсtàfṣja	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ãâ -íwr	ãâ -íwra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
óvótìïar	óvótìïem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сțïбõeîr	сțïбõeîr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
юéMcenērīr	юéMcenērīvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
oțàúdr	oțàúdi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
rhūNqr	rhūNqsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-iьmь·r	-iьmь·rem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pkìqd·àñr	pkìqd·àñram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
æNèhāïr	æNèhāïstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
eюqâеéôr	eюqâеéôrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
сìьNиdar	сìьNиdásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
meamfr	meamfva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
âьūeiór	âьūeiória	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
õoьàòiïyr	õoьàòiïyr	V;NFIN;portuguese
ãkCȳhógàr	ãkCȳhógàriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
Vguăeòjer	Vguăeòjo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
qășôjеar	qășôjеo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
SuVṣuCюkāer	SuVṣuCюkāamos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
õSòtсar	õSòtсásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñôēèìьgóir	ñôēèìьgóíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ējēūïdkrer	ējēūïdkrerias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
hïuvōzír	hïuvōzírão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ïīMiooxr	ïīMiooxrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
éCtfé-car	éCtfé-cáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
eōbSòCr	eōbSòCva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
o·Mmîеșr	o·Mmîеșrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
wqìdèțayfber	wqìdèțayfbiam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãьkáóār	ãьkáóārás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
u ūxlàér	u ūxlàér	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qițētüqúar	qițētüqúeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
êróçîViar	êróçîViemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ææNñjVеșlVar	ææNñjVеșlVe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ówzCсh·ūr	ówzCсh·ūrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fíшâyôSScr	fíшâyôSScsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юmN·àãăăwar	юmN·àãăăwem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
еñwásȳьiêȳr	еñwásȳьiêȳdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
uьîìțtkíīzar	uьîìțtkíīze	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
īõиsìr	īõиsìi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
kâfïhvюf·r	kâfïhvюf·reis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
nālñăс șüиar	nālñăс șüиei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
âāyòьéar	âāyòьéássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Snăьjr	Snăьjrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
úqxfôâwlyr	úqxfôâwlyras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
êoítvVr	êoítvVrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Mâyïvеьnr	Mâyïvеьnndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ïdidȳūãir	ïdidȳūãir	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ātmxCñrr	ātmxCñrrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
èfínlNqr	èfínlNqrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ūïM'êеïr	ūïM'êеïr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
rãīăīkêròr	rãīăīkêròríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
êțVaūmōiúar	êțVaūmōiúar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
-àôljar	-àôljemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
nõcîoṣêCur	nõcîoṣêCuras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·Sóîòúïâdar	·Sóîòúïâde	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
zhîā·țиejar	zhîā·țиejássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñõēàmnúòór	ñõēàmnúòórem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ì ogfNêávæar	ì ogfNêávæe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
vdбíyêvеr	vdбíyêvеste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ēcbCgær	ēcbCgævam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Sbaüwr	Sbaüwsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úāwáprôr	úāwáprôrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
sсg·'r	sсg·'r	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
xȳiȳsòa Mṣar	xȳiȳsòa Mṣássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
iūишmūar	iūишmūivéramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ñṣююri·ir	ñṣююri·ais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
àzhcvvăæmúr	àzhcvvăæmúrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
·hVêetVdr	·hVêetVdi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
șșюбspîеr	șșюбspîеsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăṣṣikrCôür	ăṣṣikrCôüríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
'xwpwсqeómar	'xwpwсqeómeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ñgVáôvr	ñgVáôvsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éюēyбõíàìar	éюēyбõíàìáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōбmvâgyar	ōбmvâgye	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
nelē·üacoir	nelē·üacoirmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ăfxбghôççôr	ăfxбghôççôram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
āfzòmkúngūer	āfzòmkúngūêssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
árãàpõnuббr	árãàpõnuббríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
zьódșбçyștar	zьódșбçyștemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
òóæmoêúüo'ar	òóæmoêúüo'e	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
düNēngCg-gr	düNēngCg-grias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ēs'oïr	ēs'oïr	V;NFIN;portuguese
nóiьūzçqr	nóiьūzçqra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
 h·īб·ar	 h·īб·ásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
mèdиíáеC-r	mèdиíáеC-vas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
é-ôюàūr	é-ôюàūríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
rCçáèăar	rCçáèăem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
qCшfīir	qCшfīisse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üшüбíȳr	üшüбíȳríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
uSüôïéhVéьar	uSüôïéhVéьámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
éæhrh·шr	éæhrh·шríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ìăūisōCr	ìăūisōCdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
hêtȳCduar	hêtȳCdueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ïáеôșr	ïáеôșsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
híōpàr	híōpàmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
c ñïàar	c ñïàei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ōюrôțшēȳjr	ōюrôțшēȳjsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãúïórțūr	ãúïórțūvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ădîqсòêar	ădîqсòêe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
aбwíMeviьāar	aбwíMeviьāa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
hīr'юcêūar	hīr'юcêūávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăâиșyȳtr	ăâиșyȳtrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
·pxêсшêmбar	·pxêсшêmбemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ьôx'óüiar	ьôx'óüiue	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ãlfãdāSür	ãlfãdāSündo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ūíçfxr	ūíçfxrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
шrçhn ir	шrçhn i	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Cṣç'Sü ar	Cṣç'Sü e	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
óæçисáVgar	óæçисáVge	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
yēôhkñãr	yēôhkñãis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ynõãшr	ynõãшis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ávāvar	ávāvares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
çCnēôNr	çCnēôNrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
úюì-ôюir	úюì-ôюes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
êîȳсē'xúr	êîȳсē'xúste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
îlшtāçãr	îlшtāçãrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ārțmVir	ārțmVíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
īīréēr	īīréēres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
īïбìdVr	īïбìdVsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
u yиSar	u yиSemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
șVбéCear	șVбéCeei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
wSl'īzer	wSl'īze	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
xjwñèr	xjwñèdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
pôсVòhtr	pôсVòhtndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ьîéNòVúlüer	ьîéNòVúlüido	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
dôhōéèíar	dôhōéèíáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳhçēir	ȳhçēires	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ñhcюnṣehūMr	ñhcюnṣehūMi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
nбíòêr	nбíòêis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ă·bâózшvqar	ă·bâózшvqásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ēxuă'ar	ēxuă'ues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
uиșìȳar	uиșìȳe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
 ôìâ-dkNr	 ôìâ-dkNs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
hсuüuhȳor	hсuüuhȳusesse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fâpïòèāyædr	fâpïòèāyædsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
klMшtdиgvr	klMшtdиgvra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
èôkvSaõ ·r	èôkvSaõ ·vam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳqиCбôCéxdr	ȳqиCбôCéxda	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-tháieaóеr	-tháieaóеm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
êșæ·ear	êșæ·eueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
fõàеõș cNCr	fõàеõș cNCdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
úêūSær	úêūSæsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òçúáṣàar	òçúáṣàei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ȳVêêáNóar	ȳVêêáNóei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·ūoyfr	·ūoyfndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ṣæyȳízlṣюâar	ṣæyȳízlṣюâe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ìōìãănir	ìōìãănais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
mplṣáíóūțr	mplṣáíóūțste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
kVā-æ·ar	kVā-æ·a	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãăüō'vеCqVar	ãăüō'vеCqVeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ñaèlkv'ar	ñaèlkv'áveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
iăõzmqēșïor	iăõzmqēșïor	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ăbêêьNjâиècar	ăbêêьNjâиèque	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ăáócеьor	ăáócеьordes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ôvõSêzV-r	ôvõSêzV-dos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
fṣūьjâāar	fṣūьjâāa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
șéèîâūíâMdr	șéèîâūíâMdvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rõōfu·r	rõōfu·sse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xV·âaar	xV·âaemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ȳ·gèhé'r	ȳ·gèhé'res	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
éãȳшеȳiсíar	éãȳшеȳiсíámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
юșpganеtшr	юșpganеtшreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
īàæṣíàшNgnazer	īàæṣíàшNgnizerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ãеțfdwr	ãеțfdwrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
tviáVNêàír	tviáVNêàíres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ôznjnеkãïr	ôznjnеkãïis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
·xбmâdr	·xбmâdras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
îиunnqшNNr	îиunnqшNNrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
 æzьSjar	 æzьSjes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
âlzaãшC ar	âlzaãшC e	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
uīínāar	uīínāaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ūSqéáNi·шmr	ūSqéáNi·шmremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
uīбьímṣār	uīбьímṣāres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
eăшïi'vãиar	eăшïi'vãиemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
lâcïpæār	lâcïpæāsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·üēvrееáVr	·üēvrееáVs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
éóãēgеâSсar	éóãēgеâSсuemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țj·ãxăr	țj·ãxăda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
iāïсç·r	iāïсç·mos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
qtVrwñr	qtVrwñmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zéíbír	zéíbírdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
 șdṣóiбü·êar	 șdṣóiбü·êásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éîròirjr	éîròirjram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ēãMüōiCSr	ēãMüōiCSriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ш·ūюṣür	ш·ūюṣürem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ñeéиár	ñeéиármos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
é-ïōȳMr	é-ïōȳMram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Vú·ешfar	Vú·ешfes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ódciíèār	ódciíèāvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șü æōæodúar	șü æōæodúávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
jbtsyìr	jbtsyìres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
lбшòàã āentir	lбшòàã āinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
æiêgèīêóîlr	æiêgèīêóîlr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
phârâVeçfór	phârâVeçfór	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
éâș 'é·jâr	éâș 'é·jâstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ēȳgōzwvñá'ar	ēȳgōzwvñá'a	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ápȳCь юșr	ápȳCь юșsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zspñzlrdõāar	zspñzlrdõāáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
èíúoSkr	èíúoSkvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uzеюær	uzеюæram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ftююseïcìSr	ftююseïcìSria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
qsîьțhtьáair	qsîьțhtьáaíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ïroé ṣnr	ïroé ṣnmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
oēcpCfбúeüar	oēcpCfбúeües	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
êSMseïx·r	êSMseïx·r	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
zçCсèápcar	zçCсèápcou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
o·îãõoîsș-r	o·îãõoîsș-riam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
úăxēюtr	úăxēюtste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ijêpMr	ijêpMra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
eñmïüxêærūr	eñmïüxêærūrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
иôò·иar	иôò·иemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
yеnōxîīVțr	yеnōxîīVțnhas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
бnșsìr	бnșsìria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
иṣíсuar	иṣíсuies	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ãюhj-unVьáir	ãюhj-unVьái	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
-òfoàylr	-òfoàylndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
çïúîôcar	çïúîôcem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
шméбèòьōr	шméбèòьōrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
июlmu··sr	июlmu··sr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
āõqó·rú-Cr	āõqó·rú-Csses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣhtȳómшpéVr	ṣhtȳómшpéVrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
-SMézăoCztar	-SMézăoCztemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
âțjc-eîr	âțjc-eîdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
сшiï·âьar	сшiï·âьemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ñSеiêíțrsr	ñSеiêíțrssses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bfeбn·ūãqar	bfeбn·ūãqei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
msīcōr	msīcōrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qṣō'бōăir	qṣō'бōăi	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
çèügñr	çèügñda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
ãyhьбôītțēr	ãyhьбôītțēr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ii fãñóâr	ii fãñóâres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pțбьxâShr	pțбьxâShrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ïеьșâéсиar	ïеьșâéсиe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ȳægșjеfer	ȳægșjеfam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
aиeìãar	aиeìãaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ubбèсæìr	ubбèсæìdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
âNíșeьōar	âNíșeьōe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
slvиеãiãȳar	slvиеãiãȳe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
àsîбer	àsîбedos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
māāюSâfar	māāюSâfemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ēhzțṣr	ēhzțṣria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ã·Vyïȳìvñar	ã·Vyïȳìvñáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣúñp·úïșíâar	ṣúñp·úïșíâuem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dbиíaíjîбr	dbиíaíjîбrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
jòèæbNihSór	jòèæbNihSória	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
iбvțñãver	iбvțñãja	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
piqzāfṣ·yr	piqzāfṣ·yrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
iuиæér	iuиæédas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
üuōlиr	üuōlиsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ekMñæōr	ekMñæōva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cés·êr	cés·êr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ȳyìjpSyr	ȳyìjpSyrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
'yaãõhèor	'yaãõhèuserem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
bюtlâhüar	bюtlâhüe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ȳīnâqиír	ȳīnâqиíras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
æbsuáVjr	æbsuáVjstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
yãcüīMõCìеr	yãcüīMõCìеdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
ăNîеwüzü-àr	ăNîеwüzü-àdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
бêwcиyêïaеer	бêwcиyêïaеe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ph ōьбá· r	ph ōьбá· ssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cívüôr	cívüôm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūìõVīxшsar	ūìõVīxшsei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ã'íȳóȳțzrzr	ã'íȳóȳțzrzram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
l·úqCkr	l·úqCkres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çōv-еr	çōv-еrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
еîápīeâ·ir	еîápīeâ·iria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
dxtjăьr	dxtjăьrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
êàèupțr	êàèupțram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
nõ-ïāē·еr	nõ-ïāē·еrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
биșVñstñvr	биșVñstñvda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
ōиamб r	ōиamб mos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
èãțapír	èãțapírem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ãVȳíNfiibir	ãVȳíNfiíbais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
nbjsōVVбr	nbjsōVVбsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lеxșеr	lеxșеva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'úē-yìr	'úē-yìrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
юàȳdfíṣar	юàȳdfíṣuem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ȳțçSdkxvсr	ȳțçSdkxvсras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
pīïMæсēñar	pīïMæсēñes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
uôóça-òíxr	uôóça-òíxremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
бu úoюtpMar	бu úoюtpMemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
sõ'bSêьîюr	sõ'bSêьîюrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
Cj'üyììïбr	Cj'üyììïбras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ēшkmtănâîar	ēшkmtănâîei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иjmilюr	иjmilюrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ñú oïr	ñú oïríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
ōâí-sеd сr	ōâí-sеd сs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
éúшçuôțSar	éúшçuôțSe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
sbSoeNtMar	sbSoeNtMe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
иctnêcæsiar	иctnêcæsiei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
'țaôçar	'țaôçe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
dN  Vr	dN  Vndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ãõmpíșr	ãõmpíșr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
aîēôōбēhgr	aîēôōбēhgrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
 'âșwиüæwr	 'âșwиüæwrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
eсe·dgSеr	eсe·dgSеríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
üêănиóeāçér	üêănиóeāçéríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
læìteyr	læìteyrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
·ò bsvCṣr	·ò bsvCṣrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
íбișțsțõar	íбișțsțõássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
u юubez'çmr	u юubez'çmram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
réCāṣōèíar	réCāṣōèíásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cNăíșиpīr	cNăíșиpīsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ūCMиīбòôSr	ūCMиīбòôSres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣбxôaȳMбr	ṣбxôaȳMбra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ūñææsúóar	ūñææsúóei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
'çáéсr	'çáéсr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
бā Meюшêar	бā Meюшêámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
āsrlgțar	āsrlgțou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õNdoüиȳr	õNdoüиȳrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rìæMãCNaer	rìæMãCNaíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
āèāsjnfṣõr	āèāsjnfṣõrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
țCñ wkzṣ·ūr	țCñ wkzṣ·ūrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
zãúăzr	zãúăzrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
gãgṣqSar	gãgṣqSáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
iòiãūūzсr	iòiãūūzсra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
șее·êīr	șее·êīras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
à-guбópșșar	à-guбópșșa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
õīzwgCūvăer	õīzwgCūvăe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãiáéüìér	ãiáéüìéres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
iSâēñyar	iSâēñyáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
сiæVtòçôpcer	сiæVtòçôpça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ьюïêèlMar	ьюïêèlMei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
 èīmòír	 èīmòíram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ṣeōõãr	ṣeōõãdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ükūṣãar	ükūṣãemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
æyéțkezéar	æyéțkezéáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nîæNCéăçóMr	nîæNCéăçóMr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
òbqàür	òbqàürá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
vиziyúr	vиziyúr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
hMюM-Sțr	hMюM-Sțs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
èьmáõbôfȳr	èьmáõbôfȳram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ā·ïõuàhCбàr	ā·ïõuàhCбàs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
tieōvēr	tieōvēdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
-mȳãçver	-mȳãçvidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
Sṣr æir	Sṣr æiria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
gîôüxиêr	gîôüxиêrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
îjс zèar	îjс zèássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ï ñNMar	ï ñNMuemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ōеnèer	ōеnèereis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ьțcjеtr	ьțcjеtr	V;NFIN;portuguese
pбсxrçar	pбсxrcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
xūkȳtar	xūkȳte	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
 êïāиüìar	 êïāиüìe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
hMédídàr	hMédídàra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
июáNăsdăear	июáNăsdăeem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èсSшõrír	èсSшõríi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
aüàbúüçōar	aüàbúüçōáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ï-q'âzr	ï-q'âzra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
иwgnCшoьюMar	иwgnCшoьюMa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
vîs·rīòaar	vîs·rīòaem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
шSсzlwSar	шSсzlwSue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
yîsfôеr	yîsfôеstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
êōyçìиar	êōyçìиem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
āNăõlōìyr	āNăõlōìyr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ãēеeãir	ãēеeãíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
biȳaõ Vеtbr	biȳaõ Vеtbrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
aáñ rr	aáñ rrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
síсшôâñòCcar	síсшôâñòCquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Vāūcmygúr	Vāūcmygúis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
wāhmoár	wāhmoárdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
wnqxеéâr	wnqxеéâr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rō-ădtááȳir	rō-ădtááȳís	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
'éьfgxyg·ār	'éьfgxyg·āriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ézīMbar	ézīMbou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
pçõyôūбpr	pçõyôūбpssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nñràvàSìçar	nñràvàSìçássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еï-bqVáūr	еï-bqVáūdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
zéckæшṣr	zéckæшṣis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
íñṣSêór	íñṣSêória	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
lсhVjxr	lсhVjxrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
шеdăìāà'r	шеdăìāà'va	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úpjēcььmlîar	úpjēcььmlîou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ȳüàáîȳr	ȳüàáîȳriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ryâl·yìar	ryâl·yìemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
шîāōșhmzïgr	шîāōșhmzïgva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éVūîãzïиūqar	éVūîãzïиūqeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
wgàюoбCăìhr	wgàюoбCăìham	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çVèìãсyсa-r	çVèìãсyсa-ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ãȳVи-iãõr	ãȳVи-iãõva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șșéNnir	șșéNnes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
g'uшfiNūr	g'uшfiNūsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шсñbq'ūiutr	шсñbq'ūiutrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
eójb·tеvcr	eójb·tеvcria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ádíiNūar	ádíiNūáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ȳïîṣàêkyôar	ȳïîṣàêkyôa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
xw'ṣNīãшar	xw'ṣNīãшemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
бóeVuōgr	бóeVuōgr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Ngбîсi'r	Ngбîсi'sse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
u zzbïьō'ar	u zzbïьō'emos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
xrMñȳlbçür	xrMñȳlbçür	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
æñx-ьȳeáïr	æñx-ьȳeáïreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
сMășсr	сMășсr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
zófíVr	zófíVrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
Cб-ṣdSar	Cб-ṣdSáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fáīìaшtãpr	fáīìaшtãpdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
éüêсær	éüêсærás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
æmìȳēlшixīr	æmìȳēlшixīrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
îuūtiōèvюr	îuūtiōèvюndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
çeūbñō·Mшr	çeūbñō·Mшssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
wtāNșâșr	wtāNșâșjamos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
zāòeMi'Crar	zāòeMi'Crei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
âxôȳæzbьer	âxôȳæzbьermos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
éo qīyīfo r	éo qīyīfo das	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ílçиSuìç yar	ílçиSuìç ya	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
mшSеòtêñbr	mшSеòtêñbram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
сērēVr	сērēVram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
бxiúVæïâr	бxiúVæïâva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
soçñâpñиñțr	soçñâpñиñțrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
иêMāțr	иêMāțsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òxhñȳSr	òxhñȳSr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
mâāpṣȳnær	mâāpṣȳnæsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vímūēMaór	vímūēMaórdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
еgjáсr	еgjáсr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dē·kшr	dē·kшríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
çwòșifr	çwòșifi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
âú cēr	âú cēssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
kbñNèrSr	kbñNèrSrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
íeâōcïyxêr	íeâōcïyxêsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
etmюæūqècar	etmюæūqèquem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Cxaăkpyllr	Cxaăkpyllria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
òdosеьúèigir	òdosеьúèijam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
húSCMsбиăar	húSCMsбиăem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dsâgæìr	dsâgæìreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
üqсеnMVar	üqсеnMVou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
шnțzhyaxr	шnțzhyaxs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ìíü-lqьznr	ìíü-lqьznrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
āedșóar	āedșóe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
сMãсzúūêyVar	сMãсzúūêyVe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
daṣòьtar	daṣòьtou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mpúìjсè r	mpúìjсè rão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
wóțwroṣōçr	wóțwroṣōçr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ш-æāșyvьr	ш-æāșyvьrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
krțzòykjбr	krțzòykjбmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãüjȳìюōíñar	ãüjȳìюōíñarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
'xбеíāzcr	'xбеíāzcres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
iígbfìr	iígbfìram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ăeюkxr	ăeюkxrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
fòиàēpar	fòиàēpo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
 țmC·бr	 țmC·бram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ōkбñeúeær	ōkбñeúeæis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
eāíwūбr	eāíwūбres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣïMéMrōr	ṣïMéMrōríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
uúbādqūr	uúbādqūrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
tșеeéó ar	tșеeéó e	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
éjèīt·еdōócar	éjèīt·еdōóqueis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
SêáwuVàhôcr	SêáwuVàhôcsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òáбnpvyçă'ir	òáбnpvyçă'am	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Sjc·ьãrï aer	Sjc·ьãrï aidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
à-èьVmdar	à-èьVmdámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mjеkkìr	mjеkkìdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ôSшáăæïóțìr	ôSшáăæïóțìríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
kò uuțlõíir	kò uuțlõíirmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
kuīwNàlá ·r	kuīwNàlá ·ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
бtwqюr	бtwqюdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
màomir	màomiriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
иvțkVa'aSr	иvțkVa'aSsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 àīútеéSñr	 àīútеéSñsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lȳgyìṣăṣeór	lȳgyìṣăṣeóm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Căȳṣíyr	Căȳṣíyra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
brбm'mш-gar	brбm'mш-gues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
òmCsâí-ar	òmCsâí-áveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еyîwêar	еyîwêue	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
neSucar	neSucásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
v·qṣMqfgссar	v·qṣMqfgссáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hc бíшjãar	hc бíшjãem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ьбaьсê-āeōr	ьбaьсê-āeōrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
âqaсnCar	âqaсnCáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бCcndâīar	бCcndâīássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zéMv-ódsr	zéMv-ódsdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
jçStбeçșȳr	jçStбeçșȳr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
tçqṣõzăàr	tçqṣõzăàra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ūwàôăìkqir	ūwàôăìkqamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
NlNeïVr	NlNeïVas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ȳmyfāuîēqàar	ȳmyfāuîēqàes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
юṣkpqaüpõar	юṣkpqaüpõou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
òțnȳ-war	òțnȳ-wem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
éóüdfr	éóüdfssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æēшòoбqæōyr	æēшòoбqæōyrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ñknúúàar	ñknúúàarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юñhs·ìbūúr	юñhs·ìbūússem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 èbmюhüCyare	 èbmюhüCyi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
óõuikбxbxre	óõuikбxbxmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
uy-ṣñmrsi	uy-ṣñmamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
sMúțkrsi	mi sMúțkssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
éē'ehñwhhre	éē'ehñwhhvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
īgèēkgиnôare	īgèēkgиnôhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
òēõáájõôarare	òēõáájõôarerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ūиópvpāânrsi	si ūиópvpāânno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
mìōqиfāqrre	mìōqиfāqrvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
tpбúqrsi	vi tpбúqste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
jrêïvrre	jrêïvrssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
yxN'hre	yxN'hte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
òbçgrìe	òbçgrìe	V;NFIN;italian
iiṣCēāârsi	si iiṣCēāâno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
-ōmVçarsi	si -ōmVçerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
mdш'íuü'xrsi	vi mdш'íuü'xte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
hóîãььrsi	ci hóîãььssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
āòēüfáеhòare	āòēüfáеhòi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
юșcț·ere	юșcț·i	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
îțçṣersi	ci îțçṣemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
uu-'Vītre	uu-'Vītste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ūua'üre	ūua'ümmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Cñgīj arsi	ci Cñgīj eremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
uȳüеúNxíre	uȳüеúNxíndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
căwâaīyare	căwâaīya	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
cpcsore	cpcsoste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ьtьçmfSare	ьtьçmfSiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
țkVcțâere	țkVcțâi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
yqVyC-êȳîtare	yqVyC-êȳîta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
mqшêjçèMîrsi	ti mqшêjçèMîssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ōòêqéб pūare	ōòêqéб pūi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ț-ïoēșébare	ț-ïoēșébhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
kjāō xre	kjāō xmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
vīìèpúre	vīìèpúvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
úoюjīēs'rsi	ci úoюjīēs'viamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
òqbīqdpmæuare	òqbīqdpmæuo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
nbбîțбre	nbбîțбi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
núеéoêdre	núеéoêdsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
amdñdVare	amdñdVerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
юzpzá-re	юzpzá-vi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
àî'ñībçclēire	àî'ñībçclēi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
iîьșusôôșyre	iîьșusôôșyvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
jìăăīétare	jìăăīéterai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
éhūãjсoCare	éhūãjсoCerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
çîòpqíèMoísi	si çîòpqíèMoíono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
'ñz-àCāéàôre	'ñz-àCāéàôsca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
fç·шpíre	fç·шpíste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
Nbșlñx бbюre	Nbșlñx бbюnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ìórèuúшàбre	ìórèuúшàбvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
pç'șgòæшpnrsi	vi pç'șgòæшpnste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
âlïêâare	âlïêâno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
bîstspmiarsi	vi bîstspmerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
jgCisrsi	jgCisti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
S uaaеȳēêóre	S uaaеȳēêónte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
èCóōìеere	èCóōìеate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sottoăllhejáōCáere	sorăllhejáōCáiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
àõáb·re	àõáb·ssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ēcádбl are	ēcádбl iamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ïôVàîêïre	ïôVàîêïssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ū-èmсmóuze	ū-èmсmóuzemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
yêvbăбware	yêvbăбwino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
yq· zбcwre	yq· zбcwno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
б·ácèjCre	б·ácèjCssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
-'êúænNqre	-'êúænNqssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
iîādayēeálre	iîādayēeálssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
cēиüõVMṣêare	cēиüõVMṣêeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
óṣюeálgersi	si óṣюeálsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ñt ïere	ñt ïevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
īūmryghшõfrsi	īūmryghшõftevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
cîSãìwCìkare	cîSãìwCìki	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
îrâbюyóMrsi	si îrâbюyóMsca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ṣ k gȳ üșare	ṣ k gȳ üșo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
íhîи-ȳyòarsi	mi íhîи-ȳyòherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
иàSāNîîpe	иàSāNîîpe	V;NFIN;italian
àrеū'īxilare	àrеū'īxilhi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ōüñçsrbôçkarsi	si ōüñçsrbôçki	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
шrxīVбd-arsi	ti шrxīVбd-erai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
stSīársi	ci stSīávamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
îõȳțóūqarsi	ci îõȳțóūqiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
jógṣMȳre	jógṣMȳssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
hшñбlaèare	hшñбlaèi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
úScjūьṣre	úScjūьṣte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
haбîkии'țюarsi	si haбîkии'țюò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
āãïlúîtVre	āãïlúîtVste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
l hăhSlVzre	l hăhSlVzvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
tVNæõñNtee	tVNæõñNtee	V;NFIN;italian
btóèṣxzarsi	si btóèṣxzavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
с-'î'бăre	с-'î'бăssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
иăñælēñf'are	иăñælēñf'erebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
diī'īgrsi	vi diī'īgste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
zSb'шre	zSb'шste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ṣcíkâte	ṣcíkâtò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
 lãсaãhàare	 lãсaãhài	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
jшafusvìre	jшafusvìssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
hōȳ é'сюïgrsela	hōȳ é'сюïgtevela	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
īxéâьóre	īxéâьóate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
VVVNеf-re	VVVNеf-vi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
шñȳèsslьare	шñȳèsslьi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
āюnNbere	āюnNbano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
úșinшhãrsi	vi úșinшhãste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
сkbæèkïyиare	сkbæèkïyиerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
jãúuêșīюьbre	jãúuêșīюьbto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
íwVSvgaare	íwVSvgaeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
vюîSmrsi	vi vюîSmste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
yшïōvè're	yшïōvè'ssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
 êеègúьare	 êеègúьeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
úìïCüwNarsi	si úìïCüwNherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
jqzSçèqиare	jqzSçèqиi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
с-igqire	с-igqiste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
nlиóìehbarsi	si nlиóìehberebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
·xüūūkVõre	·xüūūkVõste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
úsvōo'cțāüare	úsvōo'cțāüerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
āòñсvē·rsi	ti āòñсvē·ssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
êиóàūrSæeare	êиóàūrSæeerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
 qqxéxdre	 qqxéxdsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
сб·ṣàōîéāare	сб·ṣàōîéāiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ȳõbюüi	ȳõbюüi	V;NFIN;italian
·õn-rèróêware	·õn-rèróêwerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
VṣtâfàS ñьre	VṣtâfàS ñьvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
aūòȳzиâzrsi	si aūòȳzиâzccia	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
êSCjṣôare	êSCjṣôi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ì-·aêюõpșrsi	si ì-·aêюõpșsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
êêсpNюqoōarsi	ti êêсpNюqoōerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
VaȳюNqsi	ti VaȳюNqai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
Suérȳlçfбïarsi	ti Suérȳlçfбïerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
юāàьhzre	юāàьhzssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ō âém·iarsi	ti ō âém·i	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
hõãáxtjare	hõãáxtja	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
qqбüшèNòïrsi	qqбüшèNòïti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ȳòțèïgìyсpare	ȳòțèïgìyсperà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
țaôìêîáíáȳare	țaôìêîáíáȳeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ôwenSmzêrre	ôwenSmzêca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
gïōúnșеиare	gïōúnșеиheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
 ṣȳcthrsi	si  ṣȳcthscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
NSсvțôêSle	NSсvțôêSlanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ēеéïNMúxüuare	ēеéïNMúxüuo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ălçōēеare	ălçōēеi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
çaéșyшшtȳere	çaéșyшшtȳa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
âupziūсãre	âupziūсãmo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
NzáeṣmayCūarsi	ti NzáeṣmayCūi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
шtüñmôwwtre	шtüñmôwwtmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
 âqnyrăиrsi	mi  âqnyrăиvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
lсеçбnre	lсеçбnsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
xàfkeьre	xàfkeьndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
бãéæșVïеpMire	бãéæșVïеpMendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
·d-tēare	·d-tēa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
zgìсhçdîrsi	ci zgìсhçdîmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
nqæmæarsi	si nqæmæettero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
èCìșūfеfïre	èCìșūfеfïte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
шçnïéare	шçnïéo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
xxȳV òz·rsi	vi xxȳV òz·ste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
abuqkșçd 'are	abuqkșçd 'iamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
éiиkfCāqare	éiиkfCāqeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ã'ȳm  èVçêe	ã'ȳm  èVçêai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
evèȳoarsi	si evèȳohino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
oбòăgāre	oбòăgāva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
zyqSwfõàare	zyqSwfõàeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ïáìúȳzMre	ïáìúȳzMamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
'шȳălfõçèçare	'шȳălfõçèçerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
vCuSȳgwеare	vCuSȳgwеino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
qnесndóēbșe	qnесndóēbșebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
îôjplre	îôjplssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
dnïúôeære	dnïúôeæto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ñюēázêxîe	ñюēázêxîono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
sVvñêêōre	sVvñêêōtte	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
òōõuæídVre	òōõuæídVmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
MсîyssCṣre	MсîyssCṣvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
úāeíãiare	úāeíãerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
kpmóobõcare	kpmóobõci	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
Ceãēçaüōere	Ceãēçaüōe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
iñeòf·ôṣaVre	iñeòf·ôṣaVvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
nvxdâare	nvxdâerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ìēīâсqre	ìēīâсqttero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
юqãeбre	юqãeбvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
țúьctjòge	țúьctjògai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
úюüúaиtare	úюüúaиterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
mSæNeș êæarsi	si mSæNeș êæhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
gçVüaiare	gçVüaerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
jnmèM·urìíare	jnmèM·urìíerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
mìiCmïVqrsi	si mìiCmïVqsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
uâümüшūare	uâümüшūeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
-nūíyMre	-nūíyMnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
Sñеèzñâare	Sñеèzñâerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
îõсãuáre	îõсãuáno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
àíagjшìare	àíagjшìheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
еūcñīiçre	еūcñīiçste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
mvïṣNеyădre	mvïṣNеyădndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
vçvașe	vçvașe	V;NFIN;italian
ьюzVybâvñare	ьюzVybâvñiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
gMwàúșare	gMwàúșa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
lâNēéæãàare	lâNēéæãài	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
еwьæюoôīēare	еwьæюoôīēò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
àeô éevsúrsi	ti àeô éevsússi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ïñșéãsxersi	ci ïñșéãsxiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ьnîīеre	ьnîīеvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
îvtюMVarsi	si îvtюMVno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
êçhçṣre	êçhçṣvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ьáãmSbMmqzre	ьáãmSbMmqzste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ṣægbïgre	ṣægbïgnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
çīpjfe	çīpjfe	V;NFIN;italian
MSxãgdStíare	MSxãgdStíiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
flCòțgāre	flCòțgāndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
-óyàjare	-óyàjiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
sā'oôcarsi	ti sā'oôci	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
wì CNācVиgre	wì CNācVиgi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
wcióēbggбīarsi	vi wcióēbggбīiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
еī'āṣràu-æarsi	si еī'āṣràu-æò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ūbSnfiare	ūbSnferemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
еpьüçre	еpьüçte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
fю·-úe	fю·-úono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
vúãhfk·re	vúãhfk·i	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
úæṣȳelre	úæṣȳelva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
Sюòóbô rsi	si Sюòóbô vano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
бzVnbjre	бzVnbjto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ēqеиqcmwèáare	ēqеиqcmwèáeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
æoivMīere	æoivMīo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
æSúqgюvúre	æSúqgюvússi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
îïmñc-õȳre	îïmñc-õȳsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
īvūōс'cõigere	īvūōс'cõatto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
â'yVíòbcare	â'yVíòbca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
Cṣāшvcre	Cṣāшvcvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ă-kæиie	ă-kæиie	V;NFIN;italian
yāăsqre	yāăsqvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
vēсșgjweçṣare	vēсșgjweçṣiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
tçhèlãare	tçhèlãeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
șáMșбwj'drsi	șáMșбwj'dti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
bȳòсñæăă·ūrsi	ti bȳòсñæăă·ūsci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
Mxusèȳșȳjre	Mxusèȳșȳjvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
úyoaVéare	úyoaVéerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
kòțCеlúCire	kòțCеlúCa	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
xlNiV-oăqre	xlNiV-oăqnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
eêçSkăare	eêçSkăo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
rNçàôare	rNçàôerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
p ăñMóбCare	p ăñMóбCerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
èéCæȳjCṣȳñiare	èéCæȳjCṣȳñi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
сb dNMăísre	сb dNMăísndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
шéăueêáare	шéăueêáo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
vxьïшfváere	vxьïшfváiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
emôMCiare	emôMCerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
Sьȳóьиnarsi	si Sьȳóьиnino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
VhjéSare	VhjéSa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
 ìüūtôșсde	 ìüūtôșсdebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
wírxqare	wírxqerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
hō--are	hō--ai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
îkòюfrare	îkòюfri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
àțìhõăCȳ'hre	àțìhõăCȳ'hssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
șòșCzrsi	ci șòșCzssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
òúzíqîâțare	òúzíqîâțò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
dăūbuȳvkarsi	ci dăūbuȳvkiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
·ăéṣSæhōre	·ăéṣSæhōsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ȳeúòoqçíre	ȳeúòoqçívo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
õúă·rersi	ti õúă·rrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
êljaбrsi	ti êljaбssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
yzMgțnóāxe	yzMgțnóāxete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
îțăfшre	îțăfшamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
юvjnNoúre	юvjnNoúva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
eçàиkNcare	eçàиkNcheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
æȳcoofus'tre	æȳcoofus'tste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ēīrșcare	ēīrșciate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
'ïì rre	'ïì rssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
·cçеиôvūuNre	·cçеиôvūuNssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
VcySçu parsi	si VcySçu perebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
áюmfyyxüoVe	áюmfyyxüoVebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ízSóMшígare	ízSóMшígerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
сíìюïеe	сíìюïеe	V;NFIN;italian
álivñp·si	si álivñp·ono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
îñáwgțMsfure	îñáwgțMsfuva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
q yéîe	q yéîe	V;NFIN;italian
æfoklșòe	æfoklșòò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
îojhduțáre	îojhduțái	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ибțṣȳmrzire	ибțṣȳmrzite	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ïū·cn''nersi	vi ïū·cn''rreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
vèbwk'gáæarsi	mi vèbwk'gáæerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ñèyæMare	ñèyæMerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
iuêVière	iuêVièvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
Mho-dyCarsi	ti Mho-dyCerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
cfшmúōúáāare	cfшmúōúáāeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
bæñcï lcbre	bæñcï lcbvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
añï ebCиe	añï ebCиe	V;NFIN;italian
ю-sbVбvrsi	si ю-sbVбvva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
âçсMfū arsi	mi âçсMfū herei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
sеfõēsfțīre	sеfõēsfțīvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
drì·wïnăre	drì·wïnăvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
nшеcimишVíre	nшеcimишVívi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ṣsxS iare	ṣsxS i	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
kcebuvrиarsi	ti kcebuvrиi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ôMáīïьеre	ôMáīïьеvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
óxțxb'îuplere	óxțxb'îupglia	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
úòxzêcrîare	úòxzêcrîò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
üïSțbráȳеîarsi	si üïSțbráȳеîi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
pyюvиílшare	pyюvиílшereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
uxmdóбdnèNre	uxmdóбdnèNvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
xqupūóCiarsi	vi xqupūóCiereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
kāeôigs tre	kāeôigs tno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
bvnṣtzre	bvnṣtzto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
n-ēṣшlrsi	n-ēṣшlto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
 țïōсnCе'are	 țïōсnCе'hino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
pwhïêсre	pwhïêсi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
gæбcàсéare	gæбcàсéerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ChāòиSètærsi	vi ChāòиSètævate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
е·ūòuçzюrsi	ti е·ūòuçzюsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
·éбfqe	·éбfqò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
сșōьиéсrCâre	сșōьиéсrCâvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
íVSgqiare	íVSgqia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
Cuсeõsèe·oare	Cuсeõsèe·oiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
Myюōțeafare	Myюōțeaferei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ñēâixMpe	ñēâixMpebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
Nwèn'Cȳsțсare	Nwèn'Cȳsțсerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ēāeóшgtnare	ēāeóшgtnherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
íьqṣrVre	íьqṣrVate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
·еvīèеkSare	·еvīèеkSerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
SbеCьēxrsi	si SbеCьēxno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
gqlbăé·are	gqlbăé·i	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
Svălēì'blare	Svălēì'bli	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
c'âшçшjīere	c'âшçшjīete	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
 юuиgvàare	 юuиgvàhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
 pâpr'ñrsi	ti  pâpr'ñvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
сçîæuшrsi	mi сçîæuшssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
vîtuбrla	la vîtuбsce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
еxâи·ȳcìre	еxâи·ȳcìsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
dúiíșīiare	dúiíșīi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
eìbtèoôūrsi	eìbtèoôūtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
iшèdnre	iшèdnmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
òăoôê'âãșúare	òăoôê'âãșúino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
üțиsaare	üțиsao	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
íããáüare	íããáüò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
úôôsêare	úôôsêhiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
nūokêgxõēVre	nūokêgxõēVva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
j·jṣæōьïare	j·jṣæōьïi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
éōñgãcare	éōñgãci	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
fyúbȳìãeиNare	fyúbȳìãeиNino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
éóVèõșúiṣae	éóVèõșúiṣaai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
recerṣare	recerṣhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
Móïșjívrsi	vi Móïșjívste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
çoj'darsi	mi çoj'di	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
èeеxutare	èeеxutheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
êgpōêсóīe	êgpōêсóīe	V;NFIN;italian
ôódNéyare	ôódNéyerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ūüçṣMare	ūüçṣMerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ṣà·Njqlgmòare	ṣà·Njqlgmòiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
rq-ōîíaare	rq-ōîíaeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ôfòjere	ôfòjesse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
îéьférsi	îéьfétevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
fеșvāre	fеșvāssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
VàçMшàare	VàçMшào	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ьãkmpMre	ьãkmpMte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
еvæ'īéеhre	еvæ'īéеhste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
òūьòáшmșēare	òūьòáшmșēerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ȳíæôiare	ȳíæôierà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
CCbãpīuz-ȳe	CCbãpīuz-ȳono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
еjSgNarsi	ti еjSgNhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
úèèelare	úèèeli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
yúе-bgjȳere	yúе-bgjȳano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
íībwéare	íībwéiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
qūàõevìăbmre	qūàõevìăbmnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
úṣṣfbtсkre	úṣṣfbtсkte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
бìjȳvxōbwúare	бìjȳvxōbwúeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
msóqClnre	msóqClnsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
qnçà·qбç'are	qnçà·qбç'erete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ōīșîâtoxgliersi	si ōīșîâtoxlsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
udybvúюbzyre	udybvúюbzyte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
áiêюnàôtN'rsi	ci áiêюnàôtN'vamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ūôêèêîâre	ūôêèêîâamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ôь'oôșțlare	ôь'oôșțli	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
w'-ēāеrsi	ti w'-ēāеvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
dVȳеțсre	dVȳеțсsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
uî ūqvàȳîăare	uî ūqvàȳîăino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
õ-īhçñeиre	õ-īhçñeиssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
cṣráàîxore	cṣráàîxovano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
néòêūyiarsi	ti néòêūyeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
kțïh-țìre	kțïh-țìva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ṣga Mprsi	ci ṣga Mpmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
zьjīáíNere	zьjīáíNa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
pìòdóVre	pìòdóVte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
îdãjüe	îdãjüe	V;NFIN;italian
âmqlkâ-re	âmqlkâ-mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ōyțàòōïõre	ōyțàòōïõssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
àv'áxezarsi	si àv'áxezerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
huеxòvwere	huеxòvwano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
еwæȳçczюre	еwæȳçczюvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ēшéNròwȳegre	ēшéNròwȳegvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
zèáюfб úrsi	zèáюfб útevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
MèVvсãdare	MèVvсãdo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ūçȳâñõюare	ūçȳâñõюante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
óсâlpõsi	ti óсâlpõai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ãюnrne	ãюnrnanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
óòpwñre	óòpwñamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ṣìhxеre	ṣìhxеvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
'Môбțéțìare	'Môбțéțìiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ētSçă'ȳre	ētSçă'ȳvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ccīïōеaxre	ccīïōеaxste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ṣīMóòиjáare	ṣīMóòиjáate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
юíaăoiúüôbgere	юíaăoiúüôbso	V.PTCP;PST;italian
 ōkuīcCNore	 ōkuīcCNommo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
óōcă-āpиwfare	óōcă-āpиwfa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
f·jêáamare	f·jêáamiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Chzиîбirsi	si Chzиîбissero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
țjṣeбk·exre	țjṣeбk·exssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
îüõfсțcáòare	îüõfсțcáòiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
NçúpшáшMrsi	ti NçúpшáшMvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
eiNïvătòtVrsi	si eiNïvătòtVsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
yиálțre	yиálțndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
íṣsсbôиare	íṣsсbôиino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ñhī'nbиre	ñhī'nbиvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
MxNшsăqirsi	mi MxNшsăqivo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ntșñôare	ntșñôiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
êjzMére	êjzMéte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
wьyeãre	wьyeãssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ilüõ -ure	ilüõ -ute	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ююașēсūre	ююașēсūno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
éõàюorre	éõàюorte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ōàíúõwgMre	ōàíúõwgMste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
émюьïfare	émюьïfi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
'юmkçṣknçȳare	'юmkçṣknçȳiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
æáSèçūòare	æáSèçūòi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
áñbâhbxàăre	áñbâhbxàăte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
fo'ógrare	fo'ógriate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
âïbíkêiīīSre	âïbíkêiīīSvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ípсtьòe	ípсtьòe	V;NFIN;italian
cqïбere	cqïбevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
-éá-юütjvúe	-éá-юütjvúemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ôīôiMīæare	ôīôiMīæereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ṣсçSshațSșare	ṣсçSshațSșherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
béīvеõìfâære	béīvеõìfâæmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
 îç-nсшgmre	 îç-nсшgmsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ū·òüôMīare	ū·òüôMīo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
сõpmVббdvõe	сõpmVббdvõebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ṣūóâșe	ṣūóâșono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
nьzàydsVre	nьzàydsVvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
еséèб-N-rsi	si еséèб-N-no	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
r-sîd·ēcāre	r-sîd·ēcāmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
iīafsxēâà-re	iīafsxēâà-ste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
qüaăàre	qüaăàssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
òeàшdsnmettere	òeàшdsnettano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
áàîVæ·шre	áàîVæ·шno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
kxfçáaare	kxfçáaeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
òà'cîare	òà'cîiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
óōúṣrhìdwrsi	si óōúṣrhìdwva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
wVhбíjь бre	wVhбíjь бndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
Sьéh·ūâăюare	Sьéh·ūâăюa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ñqquuMoqère	ñqquuMoqèto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ōptñware	ōptñwi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
cбíhSare	cбíhSeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
úmã-hênéâare	úmã-hênéâiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
qīknṣ· re	qīknṣ· amo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
òñmìсūíre	òñmìсūíssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
xюțvvre	xюțvvi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ujMìс·hôare	ujMìс·hôerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
êj-úxàjare	êj-úxàjerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
qñūшōæиare	qñūшōæиherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
uóvàõhare	uóvàõha	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
euṣьasyohìre	euṣьasyohìa	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
igbēíare	igbēía	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
êprròōziare	êprròōzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
úèóсízenzóre	úèóсízenzómo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
íeaьìmăfre	íeaьìmăfvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
шю·oēòьõõȳre	шю·oēòьõõȳva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ьșìăñюC yare	ьșìăñюC yi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
шaâxMMșCàdare	шaâxMMșCàderemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ónákxrsi	si ónákxvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
snhnțțòíúarsi	ci snhnțțòíúiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Mlюwçõbwúre	Mlюwçõbwúvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
nztqoNre	nztqoNssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ṣьēxSīșètkre	ṣьēxSīșètkndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
çæūbCzqse	çæūbCzqsono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ügìōhāiüare	ügìōhāiüerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
țьzõszсșòrsi	mi țьzõszсșòssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ímïìôare	ímïìôo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
éjьæ'darsi	ti éjьæ'derai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
'·ìîyàersi	ti '·ìîyàessi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
fàu àíqre	fàu àíqvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ăēcьôīāre	ăēcьôīāmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
-иízkūre	-иízkūste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
jrбáCиêòȳere	jrбáCиêòȳiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
 bōvòâб-arere	 bōvòâб-ara	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ñõVàoéare	ñõVàoéerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
сüñōșăьṣare	сüñōșăьṣerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
NSеêbôē'care	NSеêbôē'chereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
шiȳemçhzre	шiȳemçhzva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
юс'aешarsi	ti юс'aешi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
reбîиsçqzüe	reбîиsçqzüe	V;NFIN;italian
ïSóìztïêăersene	se ne ïSóìztïêăano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ïuágēăбfere	ïuágēăбfi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ìêîшю·ímшre	ìêîшю·ímшndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
еìpōNere	еìpōNi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
VīwSîxare	VīwSîxerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
 bïCmi	 bïCmi	V;NFIN;italian
wî-eære	wî-eæva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
r'yüvoS·are	r'yüvoS·erà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
õiñcæhæеársi	vi õiñcæhæеáste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
eqȳúeêore	eqȳúeêovi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ēàbpfcare	ēàbpfcerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
bçíhN-are	bçíhN-i	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
 wēh áçCсìiarsi	vi  wēh áçCсìereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
âCțf õvare	âCțf õva	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
òāìkkærsi	mi òāìkkæssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
mzipṣēàòșgrsi	ci mzipṣēàòșgssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ôhéôбnxôьere	ôhéôбnxôьo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
éôkñúîMăare	éôkñúîMăi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ū'yñ'are	ū'yñ'ò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
 īòīedăqare	 īòīedăqi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ṣиéMVṣeamóare	ṣиéMVṣeamóhi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ьàbшV'úēkVre	ьàbшV'úēkVvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
óMеòvkòkèêre	óMеòvkòkèêvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
aиêсñátêsâare	aиêсñátêsâeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
Vam'fare	Vam'ferebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
àd-ílre	àd-ílste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
îàæV'cre	îàæV'csce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ôfюñVîèțшarsi	mi ôfюñVîèțшerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ïiṣmâlеõre	ïiṣmâlеõte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
jețю-üиșCe	jețю-üиșCai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
yxperüūōïare	yxperüūōïerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
шhuàãævgere	шhuàãævsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
êáūūmnrlere	êáūūmnrliamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
óшoCàçrsi	óшoCàçcentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
Vr-ôī daarsi	si Vr-ôī daò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
kțhebare	kțheberà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
sēúSávre	sēúSávto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
 xób·íarsi	si  xób·íino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
azçfNare	azçfNa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
êrȳæțare	êrȳæțerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
à·zèvvbîzare	à·zèvvbîzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
bюьōVēgxèare	bюьōVēgxèheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
r'cбCãnīésre	r'cбCãnīéssti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ïṣõ Nre	ïṣõ Nnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
xMV óre	xMV ósti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
áānàvȳare	áānàvȳerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ïcúîṣõzîware	ïcúîṣõzîwiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
шwátpre	шwátpscono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
iȳïmшf-Vare	iȳïmшf-Verebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
iwsâāòojṣēarsi	ci iwsâāòojṣēeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
Vïṣwfnüre	Vïṣwfnümmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ьь âсre	ьь âсssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
wpzsæàre	wpzsæàssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
xhíеwбare	xhíеwбherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
jgwãsMare	jgwãsMhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
'nr'ăarsi	ci 'nr'ăeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
nōăcñюúьre	nōăcñюúьvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ï·юúvéare	ï·юúvéiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
æakkbñèrsi	si æakkbñèssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ōьxúqèrțomre	ōьxúqèrțomssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
úuüpītōíqe	úuüpītōíqono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
 bèбrèìVMere	 bèбrèìVMeste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
t'd-bjâ Nãre	t'd-bjâ Nãsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
mìmlhqæüère	mìmlhqæüècevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
SшïàbyбSqóre	SшïàbyбSqóvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
е·sôõre	е·sôõmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
mеpüítîсēюare	mеpüítîсēюi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
uSè'шre	uSè'шvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
Mczowșrsi	Mczowșmoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ēțôcptāarsi	ci ēțôcptāiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
üūfьñȳMēnrsene	se ne üūfьñȳMēnsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
сréățfire	сréățfivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
сVюir xú óere	сVюir xú óe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
иșelnāppe	иșelnāppono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ìиNoícnaare	ìиNoícnaheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
èMyuȳdcsîe	èMyuȳdcsîe	V;NFIN;italian
paàVk-bare	paàVk-berà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ïюьāю·drre	ïюьāю·drmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ìсfwóSìeиare	ìсfwóSìeиasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
áñ'ú- ñfñare	áñ'ú- ñfñherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
sCMüd-Srsi	si sCMüd-Svano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
yôșúе'e	yôșúе'emmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ьūjgáãçæōre	ьūjgáãçæōvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ăú'æzwtāqūre	ăú'æzwtāqūvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
țāeygware	țāeygwo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
юjì'īVăшõare	юjì'īVăшõerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
æygüüqюkarsi	si æygüüqюka	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ьzeìōe	ьzeìōai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ēṣõvюyCtkȳare	ēṣõvюyCtkȳiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ítuxțòôããore	ítuxțòôããoi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
 îеiN·aare	 îеiN·aereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
бàMóéMdțсarsi	ci бàMóéMdțсeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
âòvpбïâúarsi	si âòvpбïâúeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
zmçxtrre	zmçxtrva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
āō·vìсre	āō·vìсsca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
gãúūàgшîre	gãúūàgшîvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
Vzduoиère	Vzduoиète	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
esбlæòшc-rsi	mi esбlæòшc-ssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ṣēеîòôCarsi	si ṣēеîòôCa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
é ñõēìcиáшrci	é ñõēìcиáшnteci	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
âüюïòáfêï e	âüюïòáfêï ete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ȳăCs-āñre	ȳăCs-āñi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
īțqūūère	īțqūūèste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
óNkicțere	óNkicțiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
rfüāàȳSwiare	rfüāàȳSwi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
āgwMсõre	āgwMсõnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
юgC-āôwrarsi	ti юgC-āôwrerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
üSuliúre	üSuliúte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
tȳu hñ·ïpre	tȳu hñ·ïpsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
gеvCère	gеvCèno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
NōsCére	NōsCéssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
'āòçīère	'āòçīènte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
сCôCțVre	сCôCțVste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
nì ьæéMere	nì ьæéMeto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
mNăȳìțlīrre	mNăȳìțlīrmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ìgțîaküCre	ìgțîaküCmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
çețṣcâare	çețṣcâerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ñxn-érsi	mi ñxn-éi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
vṣú-õxvíare	vṣú-õxvíerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
pîüovиre	pîüovиno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
āțMnсìere	āțMnсìi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
aéíб-vfímNare	aéíб-vfímNi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
hēшõìáōáe	hēшõìáōáono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
îlqdhme	îlqdhmei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
·așçne	·așçne	V;NFIN;italian
īkuȳăwére	īkuȳăwéto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
șoõ·Võare	șoõ·Võo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
·çarikìre	·çarikìva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
VṣțáSare	VṣțáSerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
îbìMjȳ-hhre	îbìMjȳ-hhto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ūьjюòkшsle	ūьjюòkшslete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
Sgpșnmrsi	Sgpșnmto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ogîy're	ogîy'ste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
еăājannere	еăājanrrei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
àj·īmqügqăare	àj·īmqügqăò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
éșеséīãezyre	éșеséīãezymmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
SuVïеõhōNre	SuVïеõhōNi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ṣNcì Ma kvrsi	mi ṣNcì Ma kvsco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
adṣaqrsi	vi adṣaqte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
adсlwúe	adсlwúò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
cyaьSьênèíre	cyaьSьênèínte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ãиrț-re	ãиrț-mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
pcшāare	pcшāassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ysæf'gCeôarsi	si ysæf'gCeôno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
шnd âìõire	шnd âìõente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ò hyéēèare	ò hyéēèerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ȳáêzèlSеṣiare	ȳáêzèlSеṣerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
юțсțdêâòere	юțсțdêâòrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
StkūVīre	StkūVīmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
klñюmсì'òere	klñюmсì'òono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
îkæyсyбcrre	îkæyсyбcngono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
kõkNñre	kõkNñsca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
drérб-tēfidere	drérб-tēfendano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
æēîæюNe	æēîæюNebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
Nâs-ōære	Nâs-ōæsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
gCēárõïиūre	gCēárõïиūi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ōúшиudüúhàre	ōúшиudüúhàate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
zóūиsîêïare	zóūиsîêïi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ül-Nsre	ül-Nsvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
rôōьáêrre	rôōьáêni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ôjtcьarsi	si ôjtcьeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
tīюеaCōhdSre	tīюеaCōhdSndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ōmót бiare	ōmót бi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
иtnuazшîkare	иtnuazшîkerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
íáyеāōсre	íáyеāōсno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ȳæèqeбlòere	ȳæèqeбlòuto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
æqeиltìre	æqeиltìsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ìbçñ'iare	ìbçñ'erò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
uṣюūNăarsi	vi uṣюūNăereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
еãzímôhàrsi	vi еãzímôhàste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
е·pmænîre	е·pmænîssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ænvōṣkeare	ænvōṣkea	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
Cîzæиre	Cîzæиmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
MgàVhte	MgàVhte	V;NFIN;italian
bbïjvre	bbïjvvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
qmïqиvеpleare	qmïqиvеpleerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
dwūuìíōübsare	dwūuìíōübserebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
eiìfnãiare	eiìfnãerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
еfçjdïre	еfçjdïste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ṣбēíçȳb-ñare	ṣбēíçȳb-ñerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
üuyșsófáăăiare	üuyșsófáăăi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
īсôáèláæóre	īсôáèláæóva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ç'·urшcêṣSiarsi	mi ç'·urшcêṣSerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ldõhьdæoüre	ldõhьdæoündo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ádglü'êâre	ádglü'êâsca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
u-òmídre	u-òmídsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ūzsülNwâare	ūzsülNwâerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
tnèçnïCzare	tnèçnïCzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
qSăюеăührsi	mi qSăюеăühi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
юávpeVre	юávpeVva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
Vṣoī are	Vṣoī a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
qсrá·itōțrsi	vi qсrá·itōțate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
osmáōțre	osmáōțvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
iñ·ìüеre	iñ·ìüеndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
xшdбtîvrsi	si xшdбtîvscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
jhrkíwre	jhrkíwi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ómSjïS-care	ómSjïS-ceranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
îMkāȳòīțôăre	îMkāȳòīțôăste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ēșõopóqre	ēșõopóqssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
xē'hktwôxre	xē'hktwôxte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
èxmqási	si èxmqáanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
xìçьf-юâêre	xìçьf-юâêto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
îèurhñíhïrre	îèurhñíhïrste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
șēàьnutï zre	șēàьnutï zvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ácvṣlсãīère	ácvṣlсãīèste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
âídcīnre	âídcīnvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
çaxț·ōe	çaxț·ōete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ăúēiyюшrsi	ci ăúēiyюшmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
еyr'ūü rvīre	еyr'ūü rvīndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
xyúêș íṣare	xyúêș íṣi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ñhïîшīi	ñhïîшīi	V;NFIN;italian
Vuieã grsi	si Vuieã gssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
çȳímõqáūre	çȳímõqáūste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
éuшñytrsi	vi éuшñytste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
qô xâaсiare	qô xâaсeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
C'hygbare	C'hygbiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
avoсiüiarsi	si avoсiüi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
Vеvnèaõare	Vеvnèaõhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
odîbēãîsi	odîbēãîsi	V;NFIN;italian
vgиkìȳyârsi	vgиkìȳyâtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
òеêiâre	òеêiâva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
á·иṣçсvhюare	á·иṣçсvhюiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
-üшncбãkиgrsi	-üшncбãkиgntesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
е'yzìшNæ-xiarsi	si е'yzìшNæ-xi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
Mgj NCãare	Mgj NCãhiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
efбxāìiare	efбxāìi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
fïséhare	fïséherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
viшииьàkçCare	viшииьàkçCherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
iaâVyre	iaâVyndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
qmnìási	ci qmnìáemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
еlódéшìoare	еlódéшìoiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
eî-dànеæū are	eî-dànеæū herebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ōūà·-zfбbàe	ōūà·-zfбbàono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
иōázéiare	иōázéieremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
éàeиCãare	éàeиCãino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
aar·ñpôьare	aar·ñpôьeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
MCñșVre	MCñșVssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
шaohxfsьtțare	шaohxfsьtțiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
fâòêăôòiare	fâòêăôòi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
õcñgvțare	õcñgvți	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ôòV-ávjétxre	ôòV-ávjétxnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
dbéáêīarsi	dbéáêīiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
'fãó re	'fãó sse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
úșúdCьеîșMrsi	si úșúdCьеîșMno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
иēīmăñarsi	vi иēīmăñhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
uçеōèêre	uçеōèêmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
íãeшãюâesare	íãeшãюâesiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
óиlaṣūēchée	óиlaṣūēchéanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
șaçcèxearsi	si șaçcèxeeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
-Nūæ üjVare	-Nūæ üjVò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
qcNьиàшсsqare	qcNьиàшсsqò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
yăCnьôersi	si yăCnьôe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
vMüSèípre	vMüSèípvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
êúì'ftïire	êúì'ftïinte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
qcюìVe	qcюìVete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
üôṣlxare	üôṣlxò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
òáôâcèCácàarsi	mi òáôâcèCácào	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
p ôșyãюare	p ôșyãюino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
óбdōaюre	óбdōaюte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
xшбțìțîșõre	xшбțìțîșõi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ăwúæõòermare	ăwúæõòermi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
úăíîegxēwjarsi	ti úăíîegxēwji	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
c-ôfиnare	c-ôfиnherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
inrțgеèg hre	inrțgеèg hssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
шüúòșá pkrsi	vi шüúòșá pkste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
сMțoqïïьtȳre	сMțoqïïьtȳssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
āбūbțare	āбūbțhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ïxéêzw òre	ïxéêzw òte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ôâòèôúçbxare	ôâòèôúçbxeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ṣcшüVpībarsi	ci ṣcшüVpīberemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
læ gòюare	læ gòюereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
MNüqúiеôsre	MNüqúiеôsste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
çídeṣ re	çídeṣ nte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
kâæ'ūìrṣére	kâæ'ūìrṣévate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
õṣp'cēüírsi	õṣp'cēüíto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
óò·wæàore	óò·wæàondo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
âvсrȳare	âvсrȳerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
gìīūēe	gìīūēe	V;NFIN;italian
lãvïbòtсhrsi	ci lãvïbòtсhvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
híkNjïși	híkNjïși	V;NFIN;italian
 ñìș -ñare	 ñìș -ñeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
çoçìvSre	çoçìvSte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
jrüæuarsi	si jrüæuino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
сь·yìăre	сь·yìăssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
kêí-hre	kêí-hva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
Vшā-áìeīăüare	Vшā-áìeīăüerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
Ck·üāüèșyârsi	Ck·üāüèșyândosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
püшеàwMVySre	püшеàwMVySte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ü·èṣìṣqõæеrsi	vi ü·èṣìṣqõæеte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
áãMkшare	áãMkшereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ïy -tâhpC·arsi	si ïy -tâhpC·erà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
rīṣсìæãv·áirsi	ti rīṣсìæãv·ái	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
Ssã·óearsi	si Ssã·óeerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ăMkiсtere	ăMkiсtei	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
fâòagsi	si fâòagebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ăсōьf·īare	ăсōьf·īi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
c-Cdrūñ·are	c-Cdrūñ·iamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
óvô-sбrsi	si óvô-sбsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
āwyȳfre	āwyȳfno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
шьæyô hwrsi	vi шьæyô hwvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ávmбwṣuсNrsi	ávmбwṣuсNtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
 бM s-úCare	 бM s-úCo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
êē ïãссеuarsi	si êē ïãссеui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
nlSnāVyōare	nlSnāVyōeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
сjNăSãõre	сjNăSãõi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
lóïêuïìe	lóïêuïìono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
Sеlṣrre	Sеlṣrmo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ñõīàüjāare	ñõīàüjāereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ptqīêuáícāre	ptqīêuáícāssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ēveюure	ēveюuvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
vï'бVMòс'are	vï'бVMòс'erò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
üSzyyre	üSzyysti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
bdkțâfe	bdkțâfe	V;NFIN;italian
vreéére	vreééssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
zNáū·zMшe	zNáū·zMшeste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
rūMúüеsșójare	rūMúüеsșóji	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
óyoиēb'nre	óyoиēb'namo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
еæfțkare	еæfțkeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
шьìȳmüare	шьìȳmüeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
g'jgyсe	g'jgyсono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
qçsxlōpsïarsi	si qçsxlōpsïò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ijīьqijæēhre	ijīьqijæēhi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
tîázàț'·îīgere	tîázàț'·îīse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ôșkсâòãcure	ôșkсâòãcussero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
fīkе--ævre	fīkе--ævste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
юòNȳțébocfrsi	vi юòNȳțébocfvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
rõȳīlïúmare	rõȳīlïúmhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ṣìsăíâbare	ṣìsăíâbhi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
uôīSvcildbare	uôīSvcildbiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
MgиíьSare	MgиíьSino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ōíúdròvõqzre	ōíúdròvõqznte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
·юgõViarsi	ti ·юgõVeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
eõtVóâMersi	ti eõtVóâMi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ūòúșuôre	ūòúșuôvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
īVtòNCиarsi	si īVtòNCиherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
 rdCõ-cyqare	 rdCõ-cyqa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ãxȳSuьшare	ãxȳSuьшi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
āбōòpálqqõre	āбōòpálqqõnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
óюgãюoare	óюgãюoa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
'țCăшre	'țCăшnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
oõatwñиqoiare	oõatwñиqoi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
шeсïēæersi	ci шeсïēæiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
сñâgfarsi	ti сñâgferesti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
îbișшàre	îbișшàste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
qеhôñêiare	qеhôñêerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
fȳбīSare	fȳбīSiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ôpk'rsi	si ôpk'rà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
yábcere	yábceva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
húțài·êre	húțài·êsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
üéòNMnre	üéòNMnvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
N-'zmmrsene	se ne N-'zmmva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
cósèadare	cósèaderà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
íhșиūūre	íhșиūūvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
юēșiбakâarsi	ti юēșiбakâi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
rá-õeqzarsi	ti rá-õeqzeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
oāfīеpærèere	oāfīеpærèo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
yïuìéáê'íaare	yïuìéáê'íahi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
rüȳudșôâjere	rüȳudșôâjei	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
wîçbbxuaarsi	vi wîçbbxuahereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
hVérjNre	hVérjNvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
бrēūiare	бrēūierà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
jduçîsi	si jduçîanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
сVíqēre	сVíqēvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ūhсșNūre	ūhсșNūssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
qādVlpîare	qādVlpîiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
'юïçbi ōêCrsene	te ne 'юïçbi ōêCvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
uиcvиúre	uиcvиúno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
'ïîțqâtqqcare	'ïîțqâtqqcereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
añMkbhVūȳersi	vi añMkbhVūȳiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
âææVñeбârsi	ci âææVñeбâvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
îgàьós Mure	îgàьós Munte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
бăītеrsi	бăītеti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ūeеæîôírsi	si ūeеæîôívano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
uьgæCfrsi	ti uьgæCfssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ьyеȳqсîofyre	ьyеȳqсîofymo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
mhjṣсîre	mhjṣсîte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ñz·hó tьtăre	ñz·hó tьtăsca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
wkюiíăüsbìre	wkюiíăüsbìvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ьyțóSre	ьyțóSto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
júMóșшbNōre	júMóșшbNōssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
Cz whMõcre	Cz whMõcvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ьòmròare	ьòmròeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
Vȳțaãórsi	Vȳțaãótevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ьægб·é-ñьrsi	ti ьægб·é-ñьssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
șāсfV·īúare	șāсfV·īúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ékVyñsi	si ékVyñono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
hnбю-are	hnбю-hiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
wltæñdóare	wltæñdóa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
réи-üèækre	réи-üèækssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
Cèwāс're	Cèwāс'mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
qhïôspMxre	qhïôspMxste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ósrjzūre	ósrjzūamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
uêybrțihare	uêybrțiherete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
úCõvьiCшzuarsi	ti úCõvьiCшzui	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
glzVlre	glzVlmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
·āеMuеmre	·āеMuеmsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
jleābrсūúarsi	si jleābrсūúi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
éckю'сféférre	éckю'сféfénevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ṣṣprmïsêare	ṣṣprmïsêa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
íțuó-áére	íțuó-áéssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
бṣCьtw'ṣare	бṣCьtw'ṣeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
'õoSpNrre	'õoSpNcevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
Mntṣú arsela	mi Mntṣú o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
êpīēmüôеvȳre	êpīēmüôеvȳssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
kêpà'ñiare	kêpà'ñi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
юēî·îсеsare	юēî·îсеserebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ōmīSgVpōrsi	si ōmīSgVpōva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
fmgwlíьbirsi	mi fmgwlíьbo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ïMșéuue	ïMșéuuete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
·āqìюjòêüare	·āqìюjòêüerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
āuțrṣюșșhxare	āuțrṣюșșhxa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
țéṣqyсеèfare	țéṣqyсеèferesti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ōṣorōбïcrsi	ōṣorōбïcti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
âvdúțíеâere	âvdúțíеâiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
fôсs'rsi	mi fôсs'vo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ádсãêàêēfre	ádсãêàêēfmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
·níеzfājre	·níеzfājvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ezîèMmare	ezîèMmiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ékúõæarsi	si ékúõæi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
sьțvțȳfre	sьțvțȳfssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
Nzfdēièîṣarsi	si Nzfdēièîṣino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
mæCéhõojài	mæCéhõojài	V;NFIN;italian
иȳūiòare	иȳūiòerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
áéê àe	áéê àebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
àсūmVăVre	àсūmVăVto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
èеdwñonire	èеdwñorremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
Cãnâṣèâe	Cãnâṣèâe	V;NFIN;italian
iṣиtçdюfare	iṣиtçdюfo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ê díõnȳiare	ê díõnȳi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
íútdêrìdçtre	íútdêrìdçtvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ú-óõúwre	ú-óõúwi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
drесkîàăбõe	drесkîàăбõebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
çôâlCïkarsi	ti çôâlCïki	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
șSpúæāòìæюre	șSpúæāòìæюmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
íюṣpôīūirsi	si íюṣpôīūì	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
SlæSxare	SlæSxhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
îèzjCïire	îèzjCïisse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
шсopсúare	шсopсúi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
Cpēõîсьüare	Cpēõîсьüerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
üSȳeiüNȳódare	üSȳeiüNȳóderebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
qāaāgre	qāaāgssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
еnôNcèáare	еnôNcèái	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
jōvîæpre	jōvîæpmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
-ïclôñzre	-ïclôñzssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
r'uȳīíȳre	r'uȳīíȳndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
eSwmíoure	eSwmíouvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
āétāmēare	āétāmēherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ēüggõSṣéçrsi	si ēüggõSṣéçssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ïqVâōCSare	ïqVâōCSereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
mãjïjre	mãjïjto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
Cgwerñoaãrsi	vi Cgwerñoaãste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ìwōíȳьúlare	ìwōíȳьúliamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
шȳoêdre	шȳoêdvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
'Cqâvoшare	'Cqâvoшerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
búàeūare	búàeūhi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
lиеSè'pre	lиеSè'pte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
kсzdõskьzrsi	si kсzdõskьzvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
vìMeàōre	vìMeàōmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
еìSñore	еìSñoi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
CüèSьãìare	CüèSьãìerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ô·ãçrzNare	ô·ãçrzNiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
țíúzéîNú-re	țíúzéîNú-no	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
bюîиfôjçarsi	bюîиfôjçiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
èиüì àăre	èиüì àăte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ôțjüюrsi	ti ôțjüюvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
uсōNõиеêdyre	uсōNõиеêdyte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
üóyqwbêe	üóyqwbêeste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
jiô'сvlȳre	jiô'сvlȳssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
kMonêî īNsi	mi kMonêî īNò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
xuVūfiare	xuVūfi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ētSjūçïNre	ētSjūçïNssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
uzиòьzòóōáre	uzиòьzòóōávo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
üàȳmçüfVfàre	üàȳmçüfVfàscano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
rddèèáâenire	rddèèáâieni	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
éïă djiúșNsi	ti éïă djiúșNresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ltSçjиăaïàrre	ltSçjиăaïàni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
'úfūçSare	'úfūçSiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ñȳrMó'z'ãre	ñȳrMó'z'ãmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
īgȳеьôiarsi	si īgȳеьôi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
dlmóísālиarsi	ti dlmóísālиerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
üшēçïhare	üшēçïheremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
îèhf иrare	îèhf иrino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
oéãçèséăūēe	oéãçèséăūēanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
fьcwnare	fьcwno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ȳwCMюare	ȳwCMюo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
úàțbfâèf are	úàțbfâèf a	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ïеíavaшhēre	ïеíavaшhēste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ūīêòcyxare	ūīêòcyxi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
сèl'еæhrúçre	сèl'еæhrúçssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
Skxrpïéêçvare	Skxrpïéêçvi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
çãâSṣñïare	çãâSṣñïo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
rúkír·jxṣare	rúkír·jxṣno	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ondṣ'Mṣarsi	si ondṣ'Mṣerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
āшṣbȳõrsi	ti āшṣbȳõvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
țușkàgvțìere	țușkàgvțìiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
iiuōïènbersi	si iiuōïènbranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
āvòēxilre	āvòēxilto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
hóínиrssMüre	hóínиrssMüsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
·æâjc re	·æâjc ssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
шtь ïțare	шtь ïțherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
 zâSújcçиеarsi	mi  zâSújcçиеerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
isMrpCîáàre	isMrpCîáàmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
·șxqìNvьrre	·șxqìNvьrnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
xèțюțàSшare	xèțюțàSшerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
zkómparsi	mi zkómpo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
xешüécxeūæe	xешüécxeūæebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
òîó-сVòuere	òîó-сVòua	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ūtzgōüìre	ūtzgōüìte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
bañpȳṣnèpsi	vi bañpȳṣnèpete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
èăüNsSâkdere	èăüNsSâkse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
tìrāúиmMìure	tìrāúиmMìummo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ãúóàlшьrsi	ãúóàlшьti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
oēсīmôkãe	oēсīmôkãe	V;NFIN;italian
zzиMmCōzьeare	zzиMmCōzьeno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
Sôg-ṣre	Sôg-ṣssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
-tàе'mбăViare	-tàе'mбăVi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
õíoçиïūôêre	õíoçиïūôêvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
tьiépMșkêere	tьiépMșkêa	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ăcd·bō éiare	ăcd·bō éierà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
dügăсjkl	dügăсjklilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ṣpVfsьSt	ṣpVfsьStele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
úéēc·hxêps	úéēc·hxêpșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
õnьсl ír	õnьсl írei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
üçvôrūēñpd	üçvôrūēñpzii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
țêytṣllбîde	țêytṣllбîzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ōюișîqi	ōюișîqeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
Sz·èNqüă	Sz·èNqüele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
bVkàīNnaîṣe	a bVkàīNnaîṣe	V;NFIN;romanian
șȳñ·ăæc	șȳñ·ăæc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
vсбlæ âMi	să vсбlæ âMești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ии·kïõē'ôura	ии·kïõē'ôoară	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ōyVyюóсă	ōyVyюóсă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ēîñúьàe	niște ēîñúьài	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
í-owóșāfói	a í-owóșāfói	V;NFIN;romanian
ônnüòțãqьi	a ônnüòțãqьi	V;NFIN;romanian
NèōēhúSóyCa	să NèōēhúSóyCați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
āüxxeăиььkare	niște āüxxeăиььkări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
'jaCóïaște	'jaCóïscuși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
f·-ïúta	să f·-ïút	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
țсïúьyæMoía	țсïúьyæMoíarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
uxtvüvșõæqe	uxtvüvșõæqea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
zrîīбnēēūărea	zrîīбnēēūar	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
wüòa ьюa	wüòa ьюează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
èxōáūêM ñu	èxōáūêM ñu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
eáxMoшñlu	eáxMoшñlu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
wtküpi	să wtküpească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
hȳNãșéwțȳr	hȳNãșéwțȳrurilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ú·j ă mṣçSa	ú·j ă mṣçSarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
côsèôñīсиx	côsèôñīсиxele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
juòàwgōme	nu juòàwgōmeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
yïсòhàūía	yïсòhàūíe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ṣkjògēūóqa	ṣkjògēūóqarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
uusāms	uusāmși	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
âçvāíи	âçvāíисешь	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
Coîõеqa	Coîõеqam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
rêSésyîwa	rêSésyîwasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
aõê'bèбиg	aõê'bèбиgul	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
kьōsюéîeïa	kьōsюéîeïați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
epoyèe	niște epoyèi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
jVêïēMtbde	jVêïēMtbseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
'cьìōs	'cьìōase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
иCbáfă	иCbáfelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
gqюàNson	gqюàNsona	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
rldшsõi	să rldшsõiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
-wtdni	-wtdnește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
hdôgçña	hdôgçñam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
еáȳсeña	еáȳсeñat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
òîбpòbl	òîбpòblul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
mhбáūúi	să mhбáūúim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
еawVzaă	еawVzaelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
añuecçfysâi	añuecçfysâisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ăoóбṣюy pxa	ăoóбṣюy pxași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
úсjxoăсóna	úсjxoăсónai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ôȳVõC i	ôȳVõC iți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
oeMâNьqcyi	oeMâNьqcyit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
Myáéæônpi	Myáéæônpiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ïmīvêïi	ïmīvêïiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
Mūr·wшyēkSe	Mūr·wшyēkSile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
áeçjçCa	a áeçjçCa	V;NFIN;romanian
úæбúfūnrn	úæбúfūnrnule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ê'çvúdóma	ê'çvúdómase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
òfи ônêxvi	òfи ônêxviserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
jqьívkñtã-c	jqьívkñtã-cilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
сocVcyțpïa	сocVcyțpïaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
mбlïvīьōáqa	mбlïvīьōáqaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
íсNōqi	íсNōqirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ïzuèáиzòn	ïzuèáиzònurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
kȳMwbáwfta	kȳMwbáwfți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
òoâãknă-ôa	òoâãknă-ôau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ïúeюuõCñgri	ïúeюuõCñgriseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
бîgșpdhM'a	să бîgșpdhM'ți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ceCóâtāșe	ceCóâtāșile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Cnçãyg шCïi	Cnçãyg шCïește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
îóúбеāza	îóúбеāzezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
uVxfîi'zàți	uVxfîi'zàțeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
CьMMCãtlìшa	CьMMCãtlìшați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
jāēiúCa	nu jāēiúCați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
õdôrúCîn	õdôrúCînilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
æèhSīzund	æèhSīzunde	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ēêæMdсVi	nu ēêæMdсViți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
-vuìиça	a -vuìиça	V;NFIN;romanian
r-īюбòe	nu r-īюбòe	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ōMôțsouSíVa	ōMôțsouSíVaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
NțāîúóMãa	NțāîúóMãă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
 бñāâCòrfSs	 бñāâCòrfSs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
jvîìñdbôe	să jvîìñdbôem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
юьC-çfña	юьC-çfñași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
iê rcpi	iê rcpim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
dìеlïS·еȳqa	dìеlïS·еȳqau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
éсpécloиi	éсpécloиiam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
iá huюüSyxî	să iá huюüSyxăști	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ydüțtîi	să ydüțtîiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
xqăñéṣúza	xqăñéṣúzați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
somtNāmtьétambul	indefitNāmtьétite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
сtw'jiúșnñge	сtw'jiúșnñseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
fyȳljai	fyȳljaeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
lséōsțбõqa	lséōsțбõqați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ó NsșиNv	niște ó NsșиNve	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ешìēàбa	ешìēàбând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
oaāêæfe	oaāêæfând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ñwuçd·núara	ñwuçd·núaram	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
'hì·-ōaсēṣă	niște 'hì·-ōaсēṣe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
dmuббa	dmuббlelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ēьеyaș	ēьеyașelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
M-īwсôñиe	niște M-īwсôñиi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
cngvæv	cngvævei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
еyrиdmyán	еyrиdmyánelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
boȳãюi	boȳãюim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
õ ьrépăqa	õ ьrépăqaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
pCubïīìi	pCubïīìiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
āшwáçṣūbăa	āшwáçṣūbăai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
țâeïgюta	să țâeïgюt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ṣzVюбéue	ṣzVюбéuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
úCüțzéa	să úCüțzéeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
pvâkwc	pvâkwcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
çmnșìbyímüa	çmnșìbyímüai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
юútrCîæe	unei юútrCîæi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
õqsâvCòìīi	õqsâvCòìīii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
clăìfșșîīăьa	claìfșșîīăьă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
àMóMïrMi	àMóMïrMilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
æбfobSbpбa	æбfobSbpбat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
bkūnN çṣa	bkūnN çṣaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ьújwïïâṣ·a	ьújwïïâṣ·ași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
áțxSêa	áțxSêând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
s-ãwюиàjta	să s-ãwюиàjtați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
gSeòdvl	unui gSeòdvl	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
сCrif-ìydxc	сCrif-ìydxce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
óțșlèl	óțșlèlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
SȳániézCic	SȳániézCicilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
SсgèmVūț	SсgèmVūților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
юóăààăиqya	юóăààăиqyând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
òюōâlmüìlg	òюōâlmüìlgilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ooèt-üìьa	niște ooèt-üìьle	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣsVбoa	ṣsVбoi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
lïCïNmga	lïCïNmgăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
'pьêaext	'pьêaexte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
æffsюbs	æffsюbs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
úaSt'еi	úaSt'еilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
īyàéænCюíit	īyàéænCюíitelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
wkïnõce	wkïnõpseserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
èfôckávea	èfôckávind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
·qæ·oêkïîă	·qæ·oêkïîelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ìbôшv'īc	ìbôшv'īcele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ufüâà ēșōa	ufüâà ēșōau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
óēfūçoVdçīă	unei óēfūçoVdçīe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
īCæscSn	īCæscSnilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
æî'ьеêȳāa	æî'ьеêȳāarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ю-mtô-t	ю-mtô-ților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
Nqgюága	Nqgюáagă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
иzphéîēибïr	иzphéîēибïrei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
·ielibюīoсn	unui ·ielibюīoсn	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
 óSáòfōxшn	 óSáòfōxшnilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ãìèmMjt	unui ãìèmMjt	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
иȳíàō·lgsa	иȳíàō·lgsând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
Nêt-·шa	să Nêt-·шezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
vüæVMóvha	vüæVMóvhau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
áVjfêMōa	áVjfêMōați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
daqòcgñSòȳsă	dăduqòcgñSòȳsă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
bVuōîțrïa	bVuōîțrïași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
иCā'â'ьшm	иCā'â'ьшmilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
naúdш·c	naúdш·cul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ăìótqân	ăìótqân	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
àopraòzиhюne	àopraòzиhюn	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
āv-ṣtSjmge	āv-ṣtSjmseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ьсîêéâæode	să ьсîêéâæozi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
írñrțxMсüi	írñrțxMсüiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ăērṣīxn-la	ăērṣīxn-larăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
mdipxaxиádame	să mdipxaxиádm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
pс'lüīüa	nu pс'lüīüați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
qîòñūãсă	qîòñūãсelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
çvMaaCNa	çvMaaCNa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
Nfqñía	a Nfqñía	V;NFIN;romanian
mæâăòía	mæâăòíți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
Sôvêcpaбa	nu Sôvêcpaбați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
èàtṣwnyíïVa	èàtṣwnyíïVați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
íìțīèa	íìțīèarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
tæñāțbii	tæñāțbiim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
rNbóàóюc	rNbóàóюcele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
eoaărôбȳtșca	să eoaărôбȳtșc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
vedсãьqāāVa	văzusсãьqāāVrăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ṣàăúàиy-i	să ṣàăúàиy-esc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ōшq·rôCt	ōшq·rôCtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
âииțeṣa	âииțeṣă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
êūсSìa	êūсSìasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
tб'Müõñe	unui tб'Müõñe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ê'üâṣcêCa	ê'üâṣcêCase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
põqṣMj	põqṣMjelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
îMàúva	îMàúvaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
hiMpеrqīr	hiMpеrqīrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
óàãyçôṣîda	óàãyçôṣîați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ñìīuбeêíypa	ñìīuбeêíypam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
cúvMtn	cúvMtnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ãmliirnvS·ă	ãmliirnvS·elor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ēбuìсoă	ēбuìсoă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
zиюnfr	unui zиюnfr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
bȳôêãzăm	bȳôêãzămurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
xmèебiṣNnéa	xmèебiṣNnéa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
jeиìăate	jeиìăățile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
шnáсīa	шnáсīați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
çșūfãVеrsi	çșūfãVеrsiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
êõSāáêṣd a	êõSāáêṣd ă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
hīlàâlvеge	hīlàâlvеserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
êàбjõîe	êàбjõîeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
úи-Cōiïa	să úи-Cōiïăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
èеzüzse	să èеzüzsi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
gcçéjzṣî·rd	gcçéjzṣî·rda	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
yēexūs	yēexūsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
'hC Cбxuȳu	'hC Cбxuȳului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
rèjzāpve	rèjzāpveai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
jràixăare	jràixăările	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
бkìīшòîde	бkìīшòîd	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
cS mNòd	cS mNòzii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ñиâqqzиâx a	ñиâqqzиâx asem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
õìs-wьVìïSă	õìs-wьVìïSelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
fшсpеãṣce	făceшсpеãṣu	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
áāúьèèaiūa	a áāúьèèaiūa	V;NFIN;romanian
jppM'Ne	jppM'Ne	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ș'ūmnбt	ș'ūmnбturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ksoōòàñиsa	ksoōòàñиsa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ьscеīсèшâăna	să ьscеīсèшâene	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
úmōìj·àgya	úmōìj·àgyă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
юïêzóbaúdca	юïêzóbaúdcează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
еūVqvâă	еūVqvâilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
еqvndúçvSa	еqvndúçvSarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
çс-Cúбüāсi	çс-Cúбüāсești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
çиìãüe	çиìãüeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ã-óиüMa	ã-óиüMați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
nsèçèíaæl	nsèçèíaælului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
üбNxéüpa	üбNxéüparăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
tgсipMs	tgсipMșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
vbṣyōсțl	vbṣyōсțlele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
-ōó'óшVîēez	-ōó'óшVîēezi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
itVìzsli	itVìzslim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ȳN-tlțCïшrb	indefinite articulatiȳN-tlțCïшn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
юcăârà'c	юcăârà'că	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
SáívșCnha	să SáívșCnhez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ēsṣṣâSzíka	ēsṣṣâSzíkați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
àh·àюâie	àh·àюâiând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
qMVSīi	qMVSīind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
xqaéòai'ìi	xqaéòai'ìeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
yбeõbtüi	să yбeõbtüești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
wjòvgtюóéi	wjòvgtюóéeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
gçñuwшïea	să gçñuwшïee	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
бzūeNиi	бzūeNиea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
īeāбñréai	īeāбñréaeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
xçVăюáe	xçVăюáuse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
faceñăSá·Vx	făcuseșiñăSá·Vx	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
êi-kиȳēa	êi-kиȳēați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
āoàVuōiMa	āoàVuōiMam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
SéSklîa	SéSklîa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
gb'nSVnóar	gb'nSVnóarelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
pèôáza	pèôázai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
Mêçzyi	să Mêçzyiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
zñâwïxdone	zñâwïxdosese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ṣaēñjuúa	ṣaēñjuúaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ñmâiūi	ñmâiūesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
lñсеSrșбṣl	lñсеSrșбṣl	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
 wăfсbMorza	nu  wăfсbMorza	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ūavcăă	ūavcăă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ãēāoșíbui	nu ãēāoșíbuiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
rlțюòízkde	rlțюòízkseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
cbòcda	nu cbòcda	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
coa kddсVsñóāe	cu kddсVsñóāu	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
õçîzìüеṣi	õçîzìüеṣiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ȳzáȳюvNñi	să ȳzáȳюvNñiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
dbêșái	dbêșáiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
éCçī-amăt	éCçī-metele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
țēMpīCynèér	țēMpīCynèérelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
nì õjnīсȳa	nì õjnīсȳară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
еgbбòсóōe	еgbбòсóōilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
Vuṣīmūc	Vuṣīmūcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ì·țеìânătă	unei ì·țеìinete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
'ôüбqoe	să 'ôüбqoem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
'шmtvzqațka	'шmtvzqațkai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
æиūsâбi	æиūsâбiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
Sf-uàюa	Sf-uàюaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
êñиïVa·hêl	niște êñиïVa·hêli	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
hMzlmеi	să hMzlmеești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
biuxVpyèt	biuxVpyètul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
uóóCó-ôqvn	uóóCó-ôqvnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
Siеșçõòãàōe	să Siеșçõòãàōă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
çokáffeade	çokáffesesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
hàêjlt	hàêjlților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
kшșóîpmi	kшșóîpmise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
āṣxṣèèôе jă	unei āṣxṣèèôе je	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
шSāșюõua	шSāșюõuarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
rgV-dājCne	rgV-dājCnem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
héóæțéîa	héóæțéîă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
íásțodi	să íásțodiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ț·trjjôæсi	ț·trjjôæсim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
üшll'ñe	üшll'ñe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
kюïșьíhmNa	kюïșьíhmNă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ízéí īàòюüi	ízéí īàòюüeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ébpvjêài	ébpvjêàiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
îvìpбьca	a îvìpбьca	V;NFIN;romanian
 oеqïaa	să  oеqïae	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
șkkшáca	să șkkшáci	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
qlóvūi	qlóvūește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ãppïêa	ãppïêară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
zoăüæèūc	unui zoăüæèūc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
jmьahüvбïn	jmьahüvбïnelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
yaàēaūqīol	yaàēaūqīol	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ínvt-oṣs	ínvt-oṣse	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳowCбiípa	ȳowCбiípaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ōòéyd -ìe	ōòéyd -ìea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
d·çюdnMrmïa	d·çюdnMrmïă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
юīhșzṣjt	юīhșzṣjt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
gèptюmi	gèptюmeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
еbcшôi	еbcшôi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
шdsóabațja	шdsóabațjaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
pkjюōăa	nu pkjюōăa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
jyzVṣi	jyzVṣesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ã'úV·ădă	niște ã'úV·ede	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ēseáz·бṣNèr	ēseáz·бṣNèarele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
rlìăãvxi	rlìăãvxisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ïūïgюàg	ïūïgюàgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
V-ōáaaște	V-ōáascând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
õбеqôe	õбеqôilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
rю бmèe	nu rю бmèe	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ï еūSMsēède	ï еūSMsēèdilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ncnōшsgūïēac	ncnōшsgūïēcilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
hēȳñase	hēȳñasui	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ïēmêеиe	ïēmêеиind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
canadpеhæNSwìan	defpеhæNSwìnite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
c-áбeji	c-áбejește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
māxâèwMte	să māxâèwMt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
gȳéбìti	nu gȳéбìti	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
èh·dșôtbi	èh·dșôtbește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ььqípa	ььqípară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
áõșvшōr	unui áõșvшōr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳemNãbi	ȳemNãbi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
úNīòaïæüñïa	úNīòaïæüñïă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
-dNьuSs	-dNьuSsă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
lòNī't	lòNī'tului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
óvòи'SMa	óvòи'SMa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
âãūapïüa	âãūapïüătuserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
eиlkCúèc	eиlkCúècilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
uãdáșgwñi	uãdáșgwñiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
'иēиõ'ēșd	'иēиõ'ēșdelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
òêōȳxúāa	òêōȳxúāând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
tezòeôīòōVi	tezòeôīòōVeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
hșèōMōoi	să hșèōMōoim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
üVõïñfl	üVõïñfla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ū-s-ьooеr	ū-s-ьooеrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
еôеишi	еôеишirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
xñīxNșu	unui xñīxNșu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
шãó'țtcâüi	шãó'țtcâüim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
lpêīgúl	lpêīgúla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
èēpúàén	èēpúàéne	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
сeюMèìoïi	сeюMèìoïiați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
SṣSzjki	nu SṣSzjki	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
dțNmīNvьnêi	să dțNmīNvьnêești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ogūhd 'a	ogūhd 'ași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
úōиotuèōеă	unei úōиotuèōеe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ю··êx'àüïe	ю··êx'àüïe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣüьțеbe	nu ṣüьțеbeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
 êmēàChca	 êmēàChcați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
'ñvȳVșиye	'ñvȳVșиyile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
-ьtNxôi	-ьtNxôim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
NṣamīyVa	NṣamīyVași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
îêòíàata	a îêòíàata	V;NFIN;romanian
nr-pьbбdă	unei nr-pьbбde	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
jjălṣṣa	jjălṣṣaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
qy·cyãde	qy·cyãde	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
īàxсíañze	īàxсíañzle	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
āhêāaúñSne	āhêāaúñSseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
bgōdȳpfüNa	bgōdȳpfüNași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
MCoțflkfa	MCoțflkfași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
hóSpì'ōa	a hóSpì'ōa	V;NFIN;romanian
țиflâzèüa	nu țиflâzèüați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
úíuwāe	úíuwāe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Sēkшîñvôi	Sēkшîñvôesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
еoóèr ül	еoóèr ülele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
iàāpìkVa	iàāpìkVam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
îбïṣ ia	îбïṣ iaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
áfȳúбāâCxi	áfȳúбāâCxiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
fSūzbgìvea	fSūzbgìvând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
êàшюdă	êàшюdelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ă'ò'ye	ă'ò'yeți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
í·ьSāa	í·ьSāaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
rkfSña	rkfSñase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ycōijìVărea	ycōijìVari	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
'omecūdrьa	să 'omecūdrьăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ăṣюmfçõñюe	ăṣюmfçõñюilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ā'ïōīîíis	ā'ïōīîíiase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
mȳíюübïy	mȳíюübïy-urile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
·ìиī-шc	·ìиī-шc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
mūóc-a	mūóc-ând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
üțăúațæìt	üțăúațæìtule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
-ôNlqNfjt	-ôNlqNfjte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳCшàhñpî	ȳCшàhñpâseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
иjyēāoõât	иjyēāoõâte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ȳюwvеür	ȳюwvеür	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
c'çāCōūivi	c'çāCōūiveam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
V'ãérееюüsi	V'ãérееюüsiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
NìrьātCàçюm	NìrьātCàçюmele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
xájfks	xájfksului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
qeêи·шcs	qeêи·шcsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
kиīюīóbxīă	kиīюīóbxīele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
бqîèēī-ge	бqîèēī-seseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
lïú-ï xшl	lïú-ï xшlelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
jṣnxçqhlсn	jṣnxçqhlсn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
CîrVú'jt	niște CîrVú'jturi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ñ'qusq'ămṣe	ñ'qusq'ămṣa	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Sēæьîьpãaa	să Sēæьîьpãae	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
üõебSáérȳa	üõебSáérȳarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ãиūaāălda	ãиūaāald	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
'ïazj'-i	'ïazj'-eați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
сбâṣūi	сбâṣūirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
еçwьkvSüìtde	еçwьkvSüìtsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
иoìg·еè·a	иoìg·еè·ați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
M·ābă'a	să M·ābă'e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
сdēșêxsìSìa	să сdēșêxsìSìăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ginūzfMюpc	ginūzfMюpcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
VêCoeṣwïâa	VêCoeṣwïâară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
-·lîqi	-·lîqeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
otюqūïôȳșa	otюqūïôȳșau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
iêScwa	iêScwează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
õbhVíwkxi	să õbhVíwkxim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ețàțka	să ețàțkea	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
fãсtсa	a fãсtсa	V;NFIN;romanian
ṣiNria	nu ṣiNria	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
óNâōNaSlha	óNâōNaSlhți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
năgjíi	unui năgjíi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
yïsî-ṣõïìea	a yïsî-ṣõïìea	V;NFIN;romanian
ævæṣïsqs	ævæṣïsqs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
eyțãbot	eyțãbot	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ãȳroб-ôța	ãȳroб-ôțaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
áîClюs	áîClюsa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
âеãюâgéă-áa	să âеãюâgéă-áăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
иbșulSi	иbșulSești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
vqúí·беbi	nu vqúí·беbi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
āísâеūïṣța	āísâеūïṣțase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
pêaìgиécãíe	pêaìgиécãíilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
kzīìьīțēma	să kzīìьīțēmți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
pbîllxàc	pbîllxàci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳï' īwlmсwz	ȳï' īwlmсwză	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ôuюæêxoюôsa	ôuюæêxoюôsară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
bvovīôìa	bvovīôìarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
бifюȳиṣсrl	бifюȳиṣсrli	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
fwyMjènc	fwyMjènci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
fúâõefî	fúâõefăsc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
èê'юю-еar	èê'юю-еarului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
nьüàêoбi	nьüàêoбii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
tbgeoīéx·ìi	tbgeoīéx·ìiai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
Cz'ēănñși	Cz'ēănñșise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
·xxшzpi	nu ·xxшzpiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ojcqсízvu	ojcqсízvul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
vb·ēáoюìi	vb·ēáoюìirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
 cîàz i	 cîàz irăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
xбȳăôīȳȳwba	să xбȳăôīȳȳwbeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
Sãṣdpcìirăate	niște Sãṣdpcìirăăți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
Vсàüdâa	să Vсàüdâez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
àăиuúíke	àăиuúíkea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
CõSæț·ăaptă	CõSæț·ăptelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
òbpMwMhe	òbpMwMhilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
uhrȳòéSi	uhrȳòéSește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
èēêoюsStbi	èēêoюsStbiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ìiшcȳa	a ìiшcȳa	V;NFIN;romanian
Mã-tīrnèèșs	Mã-tīrnèèșasă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
cбââóăși	cбââóese	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
õūkdêbc	õūkdêbc	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
exitnõшеúi	exitnõшеúit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
fmzMwVēévț	fmzMwVēévțe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
Vqãàéиãcṣеea	să Vqãàéиãcṣеă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
сārirCìlt	сārirCìlt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
qzсõȳìôôеwa	qzсõȳìôôеwați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
çȳеcgs	çȳеcgase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
æçoīáшă	æçoīáшă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ṣçfV aê-úst	ṣçfV aê-úștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
uxiеpeīoa	uxiеpeīoaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
iūôzèaṣnr	iūôzèaṣnri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
lеpu·wūqáVi	lеpu·wūqáVește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ææòpóan	ææòpóenei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
zêìиía	nu zêìиíați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ïñ'úìăōdg	ïñ'úìăōdgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
шVzoàṣáiă	niște шVzoàṣáie	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
éâeéüm	éâeéümei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ăbró's	ăbró'ase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ōееtzãăăēòsc	ōееtzãăăēòști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
·rnpьda	·rnpьdai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
wшăȳxéoe	wшăȳxéoilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ègбȳиôátrṣi	ègбȳиôátrṣeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
Ceñæсm	Ceñæсme	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ríîьìólvюni	ríîьìólvюneau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
riēgṣ'zl	riēgṣ'zlurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
M·mṣCmâṣa	M·mṣCmâṣând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
îārìNMăūē·a	să îārìNMăūē·ezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ūéCy-érSVgu	ūéCy-érSVgilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
jōиbюìíin	jōиbюìíinule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
юxîrṣüvfюa	юxîrṣüvfюarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
wMgāoyбmwi	wMgāoyбmwesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
 -áâāюt	 -áâāюtei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ūõиãM-s	ūõиãM-sului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
făюww-б· ái	să făюww-б· áim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
cìæpyi	cìæpyiește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
pbvíīlúçs	pbvíīlúçșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
àgaīȳzv'iüi	àgaīȳzv'iüi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
бokytāa	să бokytāăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ïеhüáàvсāópa	să ïеhüáàvсāóp	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
сVȳfȳș	niște сVȳfȳși	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
eãsüzr	eãsüzrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ūеiumòéi	ūеiumòéise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
íюquCSéūoiă	íюquCSéūoiilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
lnìăãña	lnìăãñat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
Nd-ōúi	Nd-ōúeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
áxaōâa	áxaōâă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
иьnăōzïVi·s	иьnăōzïVi·ase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
pîMyvça	pîMyvçi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
īîîègdc	unui īîîègdc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
núísūqèюodr	núísūqèюodrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
àM сVNăpa	àM сVNapă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ēt·būююa	ēt·būююai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
vojhеeu	niște vojhеei	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
agâfæṣñéde	agâfæṣñéserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ìazбjnūu	unui ìazбjnūu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ăxātüeȳa	ăxātüeȳași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
èmCmnS'e	èmCmnS'eai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
·ñgāāpxwă	·ñgāāpxwelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ōokSōím	ōokSōímele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Nюâônæspxa	Nюâônæspxând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
dsMсqqa	dsMсqqați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ăCm'șu	ăCm'șului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
bēwb'íīâăfa	bēwb'íīâăfați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
óèpсlțce	óèpсlțseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
uс'-úæбSêancă	uс'-úæбSêencele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Suhí·za	Suhí·zai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ō-iăãkc	ō-iăãkca	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
țșбàòi	să țșбàòiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ēcstk ьNțki	ēcstk ьNțkesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
xãeюMCiïn	xãeюMCiïnii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
êzyìïtéa	êzyìïtéaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ìóeqèi	ìóeqèit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
zêzòqloīбr	zêzòqloīбri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
òшímjvăõe	să òшímjvăõă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
iernfюqébc	definite articulfюqébon	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣ-lmáïaúñṣi	ṣ-lmáïaúñṣiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ūjòMcшe	ūjòMcшeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
àá-ìēsșrare	àá-ìēsșrrurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
uṣpwgòèēàfeni	să uṣpwgòèēàfină	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
æCáeãtna	să æCáeãtn	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
nvo-rбoçáhr	nvo-rбoçáhri	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
éMēfеnúāxāă	éMēfеnúāxāelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
a hñfьāãwi	a hñfьāãweați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
puCVшиîfãyuce	puCVшиîfãyu	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
üvīēsārVânt	üvīēsārVintele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
arnòшMzṣñfa	arnòшMzṣñfezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
mȳumêa	mȳumêam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
jVîæíшūèn	jVîæíшūènul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ṣúhóсīâă	ṣúhóсīâele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ïbïьíyãâ·ña	ïbïьíyãâ·ñezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
óòql·a	óòql·ând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ēomîaōșâkare	ēomîaōșâkărilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
īõmfrîhшôi	īõmfrîhшôesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
е'vúpítõqõe	е'vúpítõqõând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
șеyfVîțisa	să șеyfVîțise	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
éеxfláṣNa	éеxfláṣNă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ьсîéōîă	ьсîéōîilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
õīuēиîíma	õīuēиîímezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
hеz-Vьi	să hеz-Vьiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
çVюyțбfe	çVюyțбfe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
à'ьìyьMúæôa	à'ьìyьMúæôaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
oȳkеăo iеa	să oȳkеăo iеați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ṣïrcúo-Sái	ṣïrcúo-Sáirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
шáNwīúilji	să шáNwīúiljim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ïīēȳăæose	ïīēȳăæose	N;VOC;SG;romanian
çvíôaááшшi	çvíôaááшшiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
и·eCáàM-õa	să и·eCáàM-õăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Vgwūшea	Vgwūшeai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
éì- ·kdCsa	a éì- ·kdCsa	V;NFIN;romanian
z-țVúg	z-țVúgurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
еéõyCa	еéõyCat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
oāeìVda	oāeìVam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
сMvéñș -șfi	сMvéñș -șfiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
çòeaеôáyțr	çòeaеôáyțrul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
еãèzáüâi	еãèzáüâielor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ōãìõVyônív	ōãìõVyônívilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
kțíokr-t	kțíokr-tului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
țâșèSg	țâșèSgule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ăgiòāv'sgra	ăgiòāv'sgr	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
õīgèōltl	õīgèōltlii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
óôxüôt	óôxüôturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Cиaṣuāoеoïi	Cиaṣuāoеoïirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
īmèю-áară	unei īmèю-ári	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
uȳõà'r	uȳõà'r	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
eēvи'áõr	eēvи'áõrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
yws·ïc	yws·ïcului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ìóáиkõi	ìóáиkõește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
hîylṣvn	hîylṣvnule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ṣиî'bȳêNífa	ṣиî'bȳêNífară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
êuMïdàbu	êuMïdàbi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
hNæșqi	hNæșqim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ūvq-àбāa	ūvq-àбāă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
òM·еòṣōive	òM·еòṣōiveam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
béюàãṣc	béюàãṣci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
võējúja	võējújând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
сgnjьrdfâi	сgnjьrdfâirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ȳdlïèNka	nu ȳdlïèNka	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
mæñõō'i	mæñõō'esc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
wòūïшn	unui wòūïшn	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
Vu·е·æjz	Vu·е·æjzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
cêCãècla	cêCãèclat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
zVêṣexéa	să zVêṣexée	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
eìôòēa	eìôòēează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
èьṣбōfi	èьṣбōfea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
wjawhèāa	wjawhèāă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
èhțcṣmVсátă	èhțcṣmVсáților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
èīnòCáa	să èīnòCáați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
tCīêãî	tCīêãați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
''сgwe	''сgweurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
súȳCțrüói	súȳCțrüói	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
æósæki	æósækiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
бhqaãzș-e	бhqaãzș-eați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
üēwеьñиêi	üēwеьñиêiurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aāoțțăàa	să aāoțțăàezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
êàìwmãáí'e	să êàìwmãáí'eți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
tîdihaūjvne	să tîdihaūjvn	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
úáüôcdȳa	úáüôcdȳam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
uyеdõюēíyái	uyеdõюēíyáise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
búã ízi	să búã ízești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
-ēwсî-юôăèă	unei -ēwсî-юôăèi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ьukdțîáюa	ьukdțîáюați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
шïyüиwàеa	шïyüиwàеat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ìbjeMū pi	ìbjeMū piseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
c ȳcæMhtãēs	c ȳcæMhtãēase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
eêīlfīne	eêīlfīi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
țü'ãS'zсai	țü'ãS'zсaiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
òxVáțīwclsi	òxVáțīwclsiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
dșrьиmare	unei dșrьиmri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
fбcltS·e	niște fбcltS·i	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣïpòVpçc	ṣïpòVpçc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
lá'oсluúa	lá'oсluúarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ṣgбl·a	ṣgбl·ați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ițnìrеa	ițnìrеau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
 ãcvîüțōi	să  ãcvîüțōească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
V'm·hьūnfьa	V'm·hьūnfьaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ōюьCèêcña	a ōюьCèêcña	V;NFIN;romanian
îiēàVi	îiēàVeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ènṣcua	să ènṣcuăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
âvьȳwáxa	âvьȳwáxați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ñāíсиqa	să ñāíсиqez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ïyюMãa	ïyюMãa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
õougâdçál	õougâdçálelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
pá'ãuбc-pla	pá'ãuбc-plarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
pājиúãíúêçu	pājиúãíúêçu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ūшсlavCàṣi	ūшсlavCàṣii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
d'ìyjt	niște d'ìyjte	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
oōeāàéâúóúa	oōeāàéâúóúezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
oюæqzNi	oюæqzNiește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
tytypc	tytypcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
oòeēC șátt	unui oòeēC șátt	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
orientarevubíòïôCă	niște orientărivubíòïôCe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
būïtьka	būïtьka	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
êrăuā'ãuma	să êrăuā'ãum	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ìбarpa	ìбarpai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
muèиmàqиâerialist	indefinite articuluèиmàqиâion	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
tьNõrõóa	tьNõrõóăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
иàеMēNçsa	иàеMēNçsăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
üfsfoțīpci	üfsfoțīpcind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
бăȳūSçta	să бăȳūSçți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
êmiúīèèóca	êmiúīèèócau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
·báêNòбjçp	·báêNòбjçpurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
țaóæüṣâēyеa	să țaóæüṣâēyеeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
êvíVṣțсra	êvíVṣțсrlelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
биvțcpî ôt	биvțcpî ôte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
răíьCьìṣсéSda	raíьCьìṣсéSzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
hlìț'áăyиi	să hlìț'áăyиim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
zlñNüéidēă	unei zlñNüéidēe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
uêlsōúюédva	uêlsōúюédvă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
NtōNáNua	NtōNáNuă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
dáguèеēhne	dáguèеēhneți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
óșțōaeánúc	óșțōaeánúce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
hюcȳ·ìçt	hюcȳ·ìçturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
õmhmdtfroă	õmhmdtfroele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ṣáōssxôíi	ṣáōssxôíește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ütffебēge	ütffебēseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
uțñеiânt	uțñеiintelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
-óqñõvбāi	-óqñõvбāii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ăïvhxúa	să ăïvhxúăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Cilïțьæьăi	Cilïțьæьăise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
tCȳax'kți	să tCȳax'kțesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
âibèVȳēi	nu âibèVȳēi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ēeVșșòCía	ēeVșșòCíați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
·ēāúf'gîăōa	să ·ēāúf'gîăōe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
aбN·îxēge	aбN·îxēserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
çáèáèffa	çáèáèffarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
õüyșáьha	õüyșáьhau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ChôügCôfȳm	ChôügCôfȳmilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
eñ ājaìzбi	eñ ājaìzбea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ȳȳīokиCMçñsc	ȳȳīokиCMçñștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
VCȳdVr	VCȳdVrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
órCūmr-vūe	órCūmr-vūuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
шīāyçSúéōlapăn	шīāyçSúéōlpene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
xbòãõær	unui xbòãõær	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
Cilâkiôái	nu Cilâkiôáiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ênazūCNíe	niște ênazūCNíi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
āȳçíīyúVșa	āȳçíīyúVșasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
çfūtóюa	să çfūtóюăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
pjêñúneêxãi	să pjêñúneêxãi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
êæzyôjçvă	êæzyôjçvilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ēēсōшkūpēa	a ēēсōшkūpēa	V;NFIN;romanian
iюīюya	iюīюyai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
à vçюópṣa	à vçюópṣai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
juб'iMa	juб'iMai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
êuăàgìa	êuăàgìaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
üvæī ajūMæn	üvæī ajūMæna	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
бcnjțl	бcnjțli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
tșfțóxõhoîl	tșfțóxõhoîlii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
táüсkñSūüi	táüсkñSūüeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
Vipòсt	Vipòсt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
awõvçqwvhc	awõvçqwvhcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ēNV·oóṣîul	ēNV·oóṣîuli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
daēófVțbȳíă	dăduseēófVțbȳíă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
țïòïmrtNa	țïòïmrtNai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
īxеāūúâMz·u	īxеāūúâMz·e	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
îíñìcõi	îíñìcõirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
bítfyrиēl	bítfyrиēlule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ȳxyaṣ·a	ȳxyaṣ·aserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ãqúō'nSțèe	să ãqúō'nSțèă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
mfб·ìnēbMa	mfб·ìnēbMem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
țwēíòiсa	a țwēíòiсa	V;NFIN;romanian
òefūdovpaă	òefūdovpaelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ñtgȳzzhia	ñtgȳzzhiați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
íêqcéa	íêqcéară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
wăvMhbnn	wăvMhbnnei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
șāîõwбеțCna	șāîõwбеțCna	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
VìNбюVa	VìNбюVat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
шsCrlбnīMp	шsCrlбnīMpilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
vêàeqhvē ke	vêàeqhvē keți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
sxCwrța	sxCwrțați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
lúocьa	nu lúocьa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
tïшíțшífòVa	tïшíțшífòVasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
gbеīīеиna	gbеīīеиnăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
d'юsvwāa	d'юsvwāară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ṣMéīzṣt	ṣMéīzṣtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
īшSèṣõgba	īшSèṣõgbăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
есíüóсze	есíüóсzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
âьìáíãkvai	âьìáíãkvaind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
óïьūēēuêd	óïьūēēuêd	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
sdwógcuxoxă	sdwógcuxoxă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ālюcb·aìòs	ālюcb·aìòaselor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
ôьīeu cèyсă	ôьīeu cèyсă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
áwpVìda	nu áwpVìdați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
-õсçãiюne	-õсçãiюneți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
îêеnqюqNсa	îêеnqюqNсarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ú'írqиtóa	ú'írqиtóai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
uVguxòrde	uVguxòrseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
oçṣtNсóȳni	a oçṣtNсóȳni	V;NFIN;romanian
SăMdnaMèNja	SăMdnaMèNjă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
úшб-õā'·Ms	úшб-õā'·Masa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
úCàànбuьă	úCàànбuьă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ăqеotndñua	ăqеotndñuarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ēõpqdta	ēõpqdtăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
jбCwеa	jбCwеai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
vиbîüăy	vиbîüăy	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
qes'ēīūta	qes'ēīūt	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
aáwшæalge	aáwшæalsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
răóaúxnófêa	să răóaúxnófêați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
âCbNShCêpеr	âCbNShCêpеrii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
Mсcüuïṣî	Mсcüuïṣâserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ибvzvïfCa	ибvzvïfCarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ăôzyôlñc	ăôzyôlñci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
шáCS çьéīui	nu шáCS çьéīui	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ьăeoVv	ьăeoVvi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
bșòzuMa	să bșòzuMez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
òȳãēīñMái	òȳãēīñMáirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ñиezêóēâgnl	ñиezêóēâgnlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
xâ·fюca	xâ·fюcă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
qigàpól	qigàpólul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
õenșõíít	õenșõííta	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
âșюòеiüș	âșюòеiüșurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
șóàôze	să șóàôzeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
dMjgóçūjâlua	să idMjgóçūjâa	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
dêwdwrüбe	dêwdwrüбe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ruȳиюSSōàd	unui ruȳиюSSōàd	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
еmNwæàēa	еmNwæàēăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
mиVVīa	mиVVīă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
heеõ-ycóæиi	heеõ-ycóæиește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
бiCêôCdìеMi	бiCêôCdìеMește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
æïoă'u ta	æïoă'u tați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ȳüūибt	ȳüūибților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
сáȳê'rсCa	să сáȳê'rсCe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ьêrșyшòa	ьêrșyшòați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
õjuglçm	õjuglçmele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ñMcyеnüce	să ñMcyеnüc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ãșrá îfăuga	ãșrá îfăog	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
сбNSețda	să сбNSețdi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
юìjwьt	юìjwьților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
bn òæūkm	bn òæūkmului	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
Vсãúàș'сñíi	Vсãúàș'сñíiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
Cúóṣéúi	Cúóṣéúește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
qúdCașшi	qúdCașшise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
éMñrïōaltă	niște éMñrïōălți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ômīôèìa	ômīôèìau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
q·êNúбáee	q·êNúбáeeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ālæiünMеoă	unei ālæiünMеoe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
îеMātyai	să îеMātyaesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
xCvMuеūdMi	să xCvMuеūdMim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
сcvю'mìge	сcvю'mìge	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
-âjсța	-âjсțat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ájkSji	ájkSjiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
īj è'ómшCúe	niște īj è'ómшCúi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
súãúésàa	súãúésàaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
Sñáâūyēȳi	Sñáâūyēȳisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
iȳãêvh'i	să iȳãêvh'iți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ătȳMú'ñюya	ătȳMú'ñюyai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
òêãōüшi	òêãōüшirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
бcáæswïâne	бcáæswïaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ȳçCxmnãi	ȳçCxmnãiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ïàuïеиàge	ïàuïеиàsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ōṣи-Vhs	ōṣи-Vhs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
wncçgmi	nu wncçgmi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
wxejôṣôõæиc	wxejôṣôõæиcul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
zzoôlznjиVi	a zzoôlznjиVi	V;NFIN;romanian
qшò-i'a	qшò-i'ează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ieū Nеēsa	ieū Nеēși	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
шjьftmâfюc	шjьftmâfюci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ãoubmбêa	ãoubmбêam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ēxñиcare	niște ēxñиcări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
aæægиiеi	să aæægиiеiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
æ pēíúMn	æ pēíúMnilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
iāшútüa	iāшútüa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
-tNìuMxea	-tNìuMxeați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ì-õãbfiçn	ì-õãbfiçnilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
àțæūztwa·aă	àțæūztwa·aele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ìyā ūōjhúut	ìyā ūōjhúutelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
íиéăóCSбīt	íиéăóCSбīți	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
àșwīīæfàa	să àșwīīæfàăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
nшõôêéáme	nшõôêéáme	N;VOC;SG;romanian
üeácjvàȳgi	să üeácjvàȳgești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
SïqшōãSlcca	SïqшōãSlcc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
òсgSîбxqCna	òсgSîбxqCnași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
únîьil	únîьilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
îòtsèuēa	îòtsèuēează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
vúqxôVe	vúqxôVe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
íātìjxõă	íātìjxõelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
шàēs'póhuSa	шàēs'póhuSam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
gáиkqüeéo·c	gáиkqüeéo·cule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
·àSVyi	·àSVyea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ñfïüîljбyi	ñfïüîljбyiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
hivüVi	hivüVeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
sêbwсȳfNVki	sêbwсȳfNVkiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
юīoqcиyba	юīoqcиybți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ügiNdlfñs	ügiNdlfñsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
cьșfhdjsc	cьșfhdjști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
üèījíji	üèījíjii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
æüaõêqja	æüaõêqja	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
hmNîñьi	hmNîñьi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
bâôsțïwâa	să bâôsțïwâăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
·rȳьgmrțMi	nu ·rȳьgmrțMiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
uxàï·èySìa	uxàï·èySìați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
еōjàràvê t	еōjàràvê turile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
e-иuCu	e-иuCele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
òиūlòi	òиūlòești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
hxю-dzïNă	hxю-dzïNă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
sêVâàèìsc	sêVâàèìștii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
шoxāxi	шoxāxind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
sóеæ ōfy i	sóеæ ōfy it	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
âdșiē-æa	să âdșiē-æezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
е·ywhțbță	е·ywhțbță	N;VOC;SG;romanian
æȳōNyиxa	æȳōNyиxaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ā бțîô·éyṣr	ā бțîô·éyṣre	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
àpшïckue	àpшïckuei	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
pàbīâăósi	să pàbīâăósiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
slōævиõwăēvac	definite articulatiōævиõwăēn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ūhñcæ еāçt	ūhñcæ еāçtei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
īmīvеa	īmīvеați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
hîn'ìițееjg	niște hîn'ìițееjgi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
rNrpga	rNrpgați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
sȳkvюāSCoóa	sȳkvюāSCoóai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ôefâăõliza	ôefâăõiza	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ñṣt'Nr	ñṣt'Nrilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
úеaxræ·gæg	úеaxræ·gægele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ïīewvqõсàsa	ïīewvqõсàsă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
êhõṣúūñ·fli	êhõṣúūñ·flesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
gxçāȳha	gxçāȳhaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
kúíòe țVa	să kúíòe țVăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ьáumāCa	ьáumāCați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ìсíxиò·ge	ìсíxиò·seseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
vṣfóṣkôvkȳr	vṣfóṣkôvkȳrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Vgnèqíюpīíe	Vgnèqíюpīíe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
bīvzȳtsi	bīvzȳtsirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
jgppkxìēi	a jgppkxìēi	V;NFIN;romanian
áēṣиìèṣâáe	nu áēṣиìèṣâáeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
āиaçjьàe	a āиaçjьàe	V;NFIN;romanian
müb шãi	nu müb шãiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
īkțSсi	īkțSсiau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ȳиlăădсòñn	ȳиlăădсòñni	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
çifîáñlêiсe	să çifîáñlêiсă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
rædьói	rædьói	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
gfõьeălqs	gfõьeălqasei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ȳgcàhyīkìt	niște ȳgcàhyīkìți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ōīōiãi	ōīōiãiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
üсcífèíțēoi	nu üсcífèíțēoiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
Vógāâată	niște Vógāâți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
uюūõīndge	uюūõīndserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
dâtmūȳci	dâtmūȳcim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
сe-bzlôūn·a	să сe-bzlôūn·ez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
óãVüba	să óãVübe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
SшăSăюă	SшăSăюe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ūçoNôăVhai	ūçoNôăVhaii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
vàéqCa	vàéqCă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ōūîydldvtña	ōūîydldvtñaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
īȳúsеxàюra	să īȳúsеxàюrați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
umSōõēăõюpkn	definite Sōõēăõюpkrticulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
eēvpgdnís	eēvpgdnís	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
òìgȳabarce	òìgȳabrsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
zheknеVюște	zheknеVюscusem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ȳç·ōȳéсrol	ȳç·ōȳéсrol	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
-eājtãèa	-eājtãèai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
iCāgóāсgCa	iCāgóāсgCați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
áaáьeшă	áaáьeшelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
nxșшōuьCCg	nxșшōuьCCgi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
иfqьèa	иfqьèează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
jlsupüāôți	jlsupüāôțirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
rlwxscèшpt	rlwxscèшpt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
aáșîMn	aáșîMnule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
óсõьеegpìVr	óсõьеegpìVarei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
țșăbьe	țșăbьile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
èàõ·ô·юfa	să èàõ·ô·юfați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
Véìè шòuzâa	unei Véìè шòuzâle	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
wkyēcсñài	să wkyēcсñàești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
юNōædâCe	să юNōædâCă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ìбh ațca	să ìбh ațc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
беïpaūh-șñv	беïpaūh-șñvei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
xáMîzpt	xáMîzpților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
 сț-ьèējóсge	 сț-ьèējóсseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
-íosòșoa	-íosòșoalelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
êüCxōīòmô·a	êüCxōīòmô·au	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ôюеиlēṣjwa	ôюеиlēṣjwați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
í-k·ésrеõă	a í-k·ésrеõă	V;NFIN;romanian
üâáfìбü юьe	nu üâáfìбü юьeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
țèæhnæumwer	țèæhnæumwerule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
oôăațüzNa	oôăațüzNaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
șсvnēít	șсvnēítă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
êcfæși	êcfæșești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
MMéбìиldi	MMéбìиldisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
MMoMSṣr	MMoMSṣrelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
úèòtâ·шú a	úèòtâ·шú am	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
agqCбȳà-are	agqCбȳà-ărilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
dеüutuli	dеüutulește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
eь-pôhêôpt	eь-pôhêôpte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
wèúюq-áиenață	unei wèúюq-áиenți	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
úgā·izgi	úgā·izgim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
еìziáïqe	еìziáïqeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
еæõMṣxr	еæõMṣxrelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
üúíVēêōa	nu üúíVēêōați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
óèíбcn	óèíбcnelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
wcьшMoNNă	wcьшMoNNele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Nàq'ṣdNеs	Nàq'ṣdNеs	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
òиòuôìc	òиòuôìce	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
иyшçâjsăa	să иyшçâjsăăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
fçiúȳjMæt	fçiúȳjMætului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
kóxæwșбa	kóxæwșбau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
õwylān	õwylāanelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
īăūaMбe	īăūaMбați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
шôgïñNa	шôgïñNă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ctèàçMòdìéc	ctèàçMòdìéc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
éæxzsüшa	éæxzsüшați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ctràdævi	nu ctràdævi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
·сшs-иȳice	·сшs-иȳi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Cиyãjían	Cиyãjíene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ñáțyìace	ñáțyìăcea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ïêúюăòbi	să ïêúюăòbiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
àSkéïkюu	àSkéïkюă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ãȳшéòVl	ãȳшéòVlele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
иjsсgсьoōzh	иjsсgсьoōzhi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
 pí-б·çôn	 pí-б·çôanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ògmaãxíеçzla	ògmaãxíеçzl	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
uqtñla	uqtñlă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
áeüógñîa	áeüógñîat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ȳVzdьa	ȳVzdьăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
MæNìasüsj	MæNìasüsjele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
f uáūi	a f uáūi	V;NFIN;romanian
ăgkzkza	a ăgkzkza	V;NFIN;romanian
ăàjáшan	ăàjáшnele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
íóṣȳóuūes	íóṣȳóuūease	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
áSMиixvózMaște	áSMиixvózMăscuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
íībеhьеkиa	să íībеhьеkиăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
rdMюuSVãpt	rdMюuSVãpt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
'æzõu āj'de	să 'æzõu āj'd	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ceüvsi	să ceüvsiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
èCwüõñèr	èCwüõñèrii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
mefbjore	mefbjoream	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
шlōìeñi	să шlōìeñim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
rV·çñi	rV·çñeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ūfCшgMi	ūfCшgMeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
óṣai·юбjt	óṣai·юбjtule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
íшsq'i	íшsq'ind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
wvSțeæMóçn	wvSțeæMóçanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
бșшæāvьNēāa	бșшæāvьNēāă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ēNa îíшgьă	ēNa îíшgьelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ееvpda	ееvpdat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
xēòwшôбàr	xēòwшôбàr	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ìūg'Nzà ūa	să ìūg'Nzà ūați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cșēüшe	cșēüшile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Nzșqā'ïvbūc	unui Nzșqā'ïvbūc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
VgьVMça	nu VgьVMçați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ăSòьēșa	ăSòьēșați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ăplòȳks	ăplòȳkbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
õбèçïôrиæocinativus	õбèçïôrиæōcinātīva	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
aȳiuNē-foa	aȳiuNē-foae	N;DAT;SG;latin
lnñSaūбMéum	lnñSaūбMéa	N;VOC;PL;latin
iuüSôātaóus	iuüSôātaóā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
èьūòòaōăo	èьūòòaōăābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ègæboSàefacio	ègæboSàēfēcērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ìVесzus	ìVесzō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ulăæьhșțvgo	ūlīgăæьhșțvnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
çNõ·tám	çNõ·tám	N;NOM;SG;latin
njīññúVpбo	njīññúVpбābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
cțṣgèàrño	cțṣgèàrñābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
zkȳìç jñíqo	zkȳìç jñíqar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
cuíбâôōáьwo	cūíбâôōáьwuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
câçíüus	câçíüī	N;VOC;PL;latin
zhṣьāesaāèeo	zhṣьāesaāèērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
nеîtõnôonius	nеîtõnôōniī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
íôсūìwus	íôсūìwō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
digējáSюo	dīgējáSюissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
юyñсīñèo	юyñсīñèerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ñьMáâhēlideo	ñьMáâhēlīdēbitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
ñuojããqúhñus	ñuojããqúhñās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
s-rikâьor	s-rikâьōra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
țюăeb-VeìCr	țюăeb-VeìCrō	N;DAT;SG;latin
só ēfūnrúus	só ēfūnrúam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ȳèș юșâkâșisitor	ȳèș юșâkâșīsītōrēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
pkшиüсșpȳVarius	pkшиüсșpȳVāriī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
céïê-is	céïê-e	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
iVguêàyôôzarius	iVguêàyôôzāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
zãñăиus	zãñăиa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
Cyсâȳ·Mus	Cyсâȳ·Mō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
profîâсMūro	prōfîâсMūrēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
deсlôūco	dēсlôūcuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ēfn -M'Nсensis	ēfn -M'Nсēnsēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
çîñ·ñ·jyus	çîñ·ñ·jya	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
de-SCodkṣes	dē-SCodkṣem	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
bôèиēhgus	bôèиēhgōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
iiqnōCo	īiqnōCēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
tlkufē·Vo	tlkufē·Vābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
qNț'nègãбmoro	qNț'nègãбmōrābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ãh ìVspwus	ãh ìVspwō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
Sбe-lãs	Sбe-lãm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
îâüâçfòîxis	îâüâçfòîxī	N;DAT;SG;latin
eēèçȳçȳìis	eēèçȳçȳìēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ōbSúñkSearo	ōbSúñkSeārāvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
-fбìj·шñator	-fбìj·шñātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
õéb·lVbio	õéb·lVbient	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
Nôṣāī'ōkăo	Nôṣāī'ōkăētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
иxaüàwïīăSo	иxaüàwïīăSābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iniæôdsȳiеus	inīæôdsȳiеā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
с-ū-hVēîohus	с-ū-hVēîoha	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
èuMàṣo	èuMàṣārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
auȳwq-ēaão	auȳwq-ēaãerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
êæē-eиéqor	êæē-eиéqōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
deōṣprîæoēéūo	dēōṣprîæoēéūe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
deé·șumCbzo	dēé·șumCbzāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
âowytïis	âowytïī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
juââq'dȳсo	jūââq'dȳсābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ido'ãáìïшs	idō'ãáìïшm	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
Sьïpñljqo	Sьïpñljqā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
àtSzêudo	àtSzêūderēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
puefêūMṣюa	pūefêūMṣюās	N;ACC;PL;latin
çsōшçüȳãèеo	çsōшçüȳãèеātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
diiuãçdūôMo	dīiūãçdūôMem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
îæúñṣèlkēio	îæúñṣèlkēīverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
-ex țCādxáo	-ex țCādxáāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
rwáïçs	rwáïçm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ībbêéãūîo	ībbêéãūîōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
moеpnkïvNjṣиo	mōtāverīеpnkïvNjṣиis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
jlkuшgmnfbio	jlkuшgmnfbīverātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
ïâeòqMàșeca	ïâeòqMàșēca	N;VOC;SG;latin
iшxhìqCьbio	īшxhìqCьbīvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ídшuóæеãīæudo	ídшuóæеãīæūserās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
-ī·sdê·o	-ī·sdê·ōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
ōfīăgиêüàinatus	ōfīăgиêüàīnātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
úшeâю ïêcus	úшeâю ïêcī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
pumwṣtfü·ьus	pūmwṣtfü·ьī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
êumlbūăvàs	êumlbūăvàm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
eSñpòâìlus	eSñpòâìlī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
qúāãóçyṣm	qúāãóçyṣm	N;ACC;SG;latin
prudecv'bzеțāîus	prūdēcv'bzеțāîī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ățṣjózo	ățṣjózās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
zaōqç'lo	zaōqç'luntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
owüzícôtãus	owüzícôtãae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ițihīȳigo	īțihīȳīgēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ōṣcebe-fo	ōṣcebe-fitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
úCyáțo	úCyáțimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
șpSyntero	șpSyntēret	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
infoì-ōṣ- rīṣgs	īnfōì-ōṣ- rīṣgbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
yzēēæüñòиosior	yzēēæüñòиōsiōrēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
àāgçшеo	àāgçшеerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
çюüáêwfa	çюüáêwfae	N;GEN;SG;latin
шstwctïSodo	шstwctïSōdātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
сy-ésêvo	сy-ésêvāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
бbбvàæo	бbбvàæēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
eóè'xīuno	ēóè'xīunō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
ewâçбăútormo	ewâçбăútōrmāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
õ·êsCus	õ·êsCī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
òoeàшtásum	òoeàшtásō	N;DAT;SG;latin
ô'çnâüáalis	ô'çnâüáālēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
declaãèñâ-gCōéáo	dēclāãèñâ-gCōéáēris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
țõòpbxбyôetum	țõòpbxбyôētōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
òēêkkuosus	òēêkkuōsī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
Mьūétm	Mьūétm	N;NOM;SG;latin
șæôāwюșàolativus	șæôāwюșàōlātīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
esбшēCiāosus	esбшēCiāōsōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
mVț'e·ūa	mVț'e·ūae	N;GEN;SG;latin
tris-îqkțțāíüo	trīs-îqkțțāíüāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
desrïбàlbégo	dēsrïбàlbéxissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
șáãSáàvьto	șáãSáàvьtēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
óîVișæíïwus	óîVișæíïwārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
бãysïaíabundus	бãysïaíābundum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ōсhyïaticus	ōсhyïāticō	N;ABL;SG;latin
õàtīzSсumo	õàtīzSсūmpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
gloxõь'úēāh- o	glōxõь'úēāh- āverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
èьìíxo	èьìíxent	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
stipalnj'SMюqgьo	stīpālnj'SMюqgьō	N;NOM;SG;latin
hjñsiêsvjīamo	hjñsiêsvjīāmāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
Sã-pиãï ix	Sã-pиãï īx	N;VOC;SG;latin
pokcuéus	pokcuéō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
dexîupīm-igo	dēxîupīm-īxerīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
duraăăâūíшgmюzo	dūrāăăâūíшgmюzōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
pjâāâo	pjâāâārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
poeиiбüáçus	pōeиiбüáçōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
Ndbzàūсjitia	Ndbzàūсjītiās	N;ACC;PL;latin
jçăàçwnoșo	jçăàçwnoșēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
șneбxpóa	șneбxpóae	N;NOM;PL;latin
çxñSV-o	çxñSV-ēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
ьïvсьṣeticus	ьïvсьṣētica	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deьsāьáêcеtorium	dēьsāьáêcеtōriīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
dea'ōôáìeo	dēa'ōôáìērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
 Mõïàbo	 Mõïàberet	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ár'Cnaàñmor	ár'Cnaàñmōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
Mìāygxus	Mìāygxī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
õpqсdîemino	õpqсdîēmināvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
c·rṣü·é·ítus	c·rṣü·é·ítārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
õtțăkdcáqado	õtțăkdcáqassit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ȳoîõCrenso	ȳoîõCrēnser	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
pü wúCìemunis	pü wúCìemūnēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
Mțchiītúmatio	Mțchiītúmātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
iuVéâèòîôrwm	iūVéâèòîôrwm	N;NOM;SG;latin
eqȳcSôbăogo	eqȳcSôbăorexerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
сsjNūèa	сsjNūèārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
gcõūxeCбиensis	gcõūxeCбиēnsī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ceбbeCṣìóȳo	cēбbeCṣìóȳābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
sēīhêus	sēīhêoribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
suçșá·ao	sūçșá·aāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
îūlr-īro	îūlr-īsseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
deciNpktwzo	dēcīNpktwzōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
nMkáàxistis	nMkáàxīstēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
deш'бxāo	dēш'бxāēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
yțnèdMorus	yțnèdMōra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
veneî-Ndūa	venēî-Ndūam	N;ACC;SG;latin
dwMēyfõnṣòurior	dwMēyfõnṣòūriōrēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ós'aiṣюúo	ós'aiṣюúāverīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
юñūīégrpCæo	юñūīégrpCæābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
èеVïdrdбodor	èеVïdrdбodōribus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
kòèṣȳSjú-urrio	kòèṣȳSjú-ūrrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
proæōagy îáo	prōæōagy îáēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
pecиãșjMñlus	pēcиãșjMñlī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
iuïfșxсNgSo	iūïfșxсNgSābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
éiV-tíoosus	éiV-tíoōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
eeшțóSéo	eeшțóSéātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
бmçâqеleus	бmçâqеlea	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
éCиNьȳo	éCиNьȳimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
èjuíțçюosior	èjuíțçюōsiōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
pagaсwьúkшdțus	pāgāсwьúkшdțī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ьóьúēuáco	ьóьúēuácēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ȳó иé-s	ȳó иé-m	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
Cèсfïào	Cèсfïàāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
бюõшú·hates	бюõшú·hātīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
бòюííêo	бòюííêāre	V;NFIN;latin
șьбhбinus	șьбhбīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ôoevâus	ôoevâārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
yñóȳюçqāeo	yñóȳюçqāērentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
kõçNāôȳo	kõçNāôȳārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
șüqс·ïpatio	șüqс·ïpātō	N;VOC;SG;latin
proóxòxăáēȳêïo	prōóxòxăáēȳêïēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
qāajroanus	qāajroānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
dìêuáõis	dìêuáõēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
thraewō·yìpțzюs	thrāewō·yìpțzюm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
īúlòNúȳos	īúlòNúȳom	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
gkó gçxējçeo	gkó gçxējçuerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
īețñüьro	īețñüьrāvimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
rôьēoazatus	rôьēoazātum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ckūgCñyèòuscumque	ckūgCñyèòacumque	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
caāēèȳúиèutus	cāāēèȳúиèūtō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
Mïòṣâõçeibo	Mïòṣâõçeībēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ê-ìqts	ê-ìqtbus	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
wcf·üâgmVo	wcf·üâgmVō	N;NOM;SG;latin
lèюSбacus	lèюSбācī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
luēçyfãiaus	lūēçyfãiaa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
шdSìсôsis	шdSìсôse	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
bsюãюágibm	bsюãюágibm	N;NOM;SG;latin
sxkòбaoбs	sxkòбaoбbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ūkеàüюȳko	ūkеàüюȳkābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
junzMlюr'Nx	jūnīczMlюr'Ns	N;GEN;SG;latin
бṣ oçus	бṣ oçōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Nàkãôiïwtio	Nàkãôiïwsserītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
k·ōqhèшwecundus	k·ōqhèшwēcundum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
èuchæNâșшo	èuchæNâșшāverimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
ïõțàaюăus	ïõțàaюăī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
óābóçūs	óābóçūa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
āèсuhmîpus	āèсuhmîpa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
üptnōrюo	üptnōrюāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
áсkSíaиuliaris	áсkSíaиūliāre	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
иâCVæv-бo	иâCVæv-бēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ôdū-ñám	ôdū-ñám	N;ACC;SG;latin
pсriâpfюūegnum	pсriâpfюūēgnī	N;GEN;SG;latin
-jèSбhêdo	-jèSбhêserim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ipíVérmo	ipíVérmāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
mïбcnjSuõitus	mïбcnjSuõīte	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
ī-koô·g ăus	ī-koô·g ăīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
SăõüSxarium	SăõüSxāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
aãiúòNuīîūo	āãiúòNuīîūāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
zțôrūo	zțôrūant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
Sешõzïvo	Sешõzïvāvit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ēãêèиso	ēãêèиserer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
f'iбе-xgarius	f'iбе-xgāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
iMьofmanio	īMьofmāniāmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
mìюôcìȳus	mìюôcìȳō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
óîāxе-utrio	óîāxе-ūtrīte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
áõîgūCibo	áõîgūCīpserit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ãVîõìkăāьs	ãVîõìkăāьa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
nagūNhīkç us	nāgūNhīkç ī	N;NOM;PL;latin
naætóasójCurus	nāætóasójCūrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ȳēăhtãêativus	ȳēăhtãêātivō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ikmklçôitus	īkmklçôītīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
юúuyêиñxo	юúuyêиñxāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ïбôãсèus	ïбôãсèō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
çïúшaus	çïúшaī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
áqSpíиáàatus	áqSpíиáàātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
dṣmhSīōnkâátio	dissēnsṣmhSīōnkâát	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aenórpìбs	aēnōrórpìбm	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
aăăñaõ-o	aăăñaõ-āminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
cMиVwgno	cMиVwgpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
deèōьâkycîo	dēèōьâkycîeritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
ie'Cgūṣéyda	ie'Cgūṣéydīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
áecьбNa	áecьбNās	N;ACC;PL;latin
ondăuo	ondăuōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
ãàvzxáșVo	ãàvzxáșVātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
ôțnfṣo	ôțnfṣāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
qțàçqóbîzuno	qțàçqóbîzūnāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ьyC kōVdo	ьyC kōVdōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
ç-õbüïçêvao	ç-õbüïçêvaāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
uеMxzbñqèeo	uеMxzbñqèēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
æôSàlmïa	æôSàlmïa	N;NOM;SG;latin
âü ūīçicius	âü ūīçīciōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
iūáõmbão	īūáõmbãābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
ouьaìmțxivus	ōuьaìmțxīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
úîéāgçqbсus	úîéāgçqbсārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
íîñcțíuVuюs	íîñcțíuVuюm	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
baêaïíæum	bāêaïíæōrum	N;NOM;PL;latin
mktNxṣīldvinus	mktNxṣīldvīnōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
ügeêь'oro	ügeêь'ōrābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
e-âāãiVâjṣutrio	e-âāãiVâjṣūtrīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
vȳс·nründus	vȳс·nründō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
àú-ïMMMòеetum	àú-ïMMMòеētīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
VNôeēèus	VNôeēèōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
catechuâïóiãșōìs	catēchūâïóiãșōìm	N;ACC;SG;latin
eb'ȳ·vus	ēb'ȳ·vā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ezāæîqvendo	dīvēnezāæîqminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
xpCüôMéâțo	xpCüôMéâțit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
æhțṣīorius	æhțṣīōrium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ȳșшṣиșus	ȳșшṣиșa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
ñêfюk·ṣôo	ñêfюk·ṣôāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ãVvfṣíbo	ãVvfṣíbātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
'țdьéyâo	'țdьéyâāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
rexiïñ-o	rēxiïñ-ābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
 îēxãcîeqo	 îēxãcîeqārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
áwkêīalis	áwkêīālis	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
uçNșṣtfeo	uçNșṣtfēbor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
dewáv·n·sño	dēwáv·n·sñerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
kèшūбus	kèшūбī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ă'mâMêôelrio	ă'mâMêôelseram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
ânīēç·бaor	ânīēç·бaōrēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
SиlyçîūSеpisitatus	SиlyçîūSеpīsitātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
yzñīõtâuõa	yzñīõtâuõīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
óêēkáetum	óêēkáētō	N;ABL;SG;latin
íáñNdãшíbo	íáñNdãшíbāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ãūnçí āāo	ãūnçí āāābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
iēuшìюúrus	iēuшìюúra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
VôțümtеV-mo	VôțümtеV-mat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
bбyCиkgṣo	bбyCиkgṣāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
cebuaéücfюȳююs	cēbuāéücfюȳююm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
î òejingo	î òejīnxerātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
ieíīn íòrào	īeíīn íòràat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
ç'ьàеlèutio	ç'ьàеlèusserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
üõàиNoñïéo	üõàиNoñïéōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Mmūvõoar	Mmūvõoarī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
puȳoșzșSrâyúus	pūȳoșzșSrâyúam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
șpnSNȳçúwyr	șpnSNȳçúwyr	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
seṣpsãбñwīòus	sēṣpsãбñwīòā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ï çìțxenso	ï çìțxēnsant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
ȳaüfyеætèfo	ȳaüfyеætèfābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
îáūçmnṣçюo	îáūçmnṣçюārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ььü· еюMo	ььü· еюMem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
liiēú·kgma	līiēú·kgmīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
declaîàиôāțñșdo	dēclāîàиôāțñșdābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
iNfVris	iNfVrem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
e·tüãиo	e·tüãиminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
oōtêMúóêMюeto	oōtêMúóêMюētāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
wêrá-gāçs	wêrá-gāçum	N;GEN;PL;latin
iwvșcáo	iwvșcáāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
õōïáVăș üo	õōïáVăș üēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
'CìVшüvqõеo	'CìVшüvqõеātor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
genuòèCfăìбo	genūòèCfăìбāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
volaàușшïiwcṣus	volāàușшïiwcṣae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
üâChkias	üâChkiātibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
nkyuèьãor	nkyuèьãus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
òáîāuñūio	òáîāuñūeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
çăzìáòò'is	çăzìáòò'ēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
rsfȳua	rsfȳua	N;VOC;SG;latin
spiNp'âāhãr	spīNp'âāhãrō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
-vбéso	-vбésēbātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
zcõiònxqjro	zcõiònxqjrārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
mhî·aé·gúo	mhî·aé·gúāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
eqgMìyãtatio	ēqgMìyãtātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
æșèîṣus	æșèîṣā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
mī vkēāla	mī vkēāla	N;NOM;SG;latin
Nòьētшlūno	Nòьētшlūnārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ô 'úéæō'wus	ô 'úéæō'wa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
biõīgdæíșosus	bīõīgdæíșōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
deb·dõúo	dēb·dõúimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
puьòô'g-xôo	pūьòô'g-xôābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
țāīȳSurio	țāīȳSūrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
éiòàMwus	éiòàMwīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ш-шynSjcr	ш-шynSjcrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
vitwguбиōatio	vītwguбиōātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
êăpc'abilis	êăpc'ābilibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
u'áășkozo	u'áășkozābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ïCēj'oàṣço	ïCēj'oàṣçit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
tōñṣóūwus	tōñṣóūwīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
eySqjo	eySqjās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
·ãmì-suda	·ãmì-sudae	N;DAT;SG;latin
seшêṣCūVèinus	sēшêṣCūVèīnī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
miqāVīl us	mīqāVīl um	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
șăih·us	șăih·am	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
aoçCьwensis	aoçCьwēnsia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
èæбā·íicarius	èæбā·íīcāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
èà-æìo	èà-æìō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
eè·zyitus	eè·zyītī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
юhvìсzo	юhvìсzāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
VleóxSo	VleóxSābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
xdбyб-Clus	xdбyб-Clī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ìūïüò-o	ìūïüò-ōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
efãsеāâȳo	ēfãsеāâȳit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
Sêõqṣs	Sêõqṣa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ámlvwyējleinus	ámlvwyējleīnīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
raîgâyxțus	rāîgâyxțī	N;GEN;SG;latin
ьSïdàièōo	ьSïdàièōerītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
сçlfсu æсis	сçlfсu æсe	N;ABL;SG;latin
êçõæhsjSuo	êçõæhsjSuāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
notoюõqoümus	nōtōюõqoüma	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
vîwōNvȳîtio	vîwōNvȳîtīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
e'iшSutrio	e'iшSūtriēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
Nṣēeèlūo	Nṣēeèlūāveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
iúòõôюúāo	īúòõôюúāārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
mmuCūus	mmuCūa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
æêêшaюȳfus	æêêшaюȳfa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
tra·făbpõibo	trā·făbpõībitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ma·ñбîNCбéo	mā·ñбîNCбéāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
сòsшwūúivus	сòsшwūúīvōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
úfSсCatus	úfSсCātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
īq·v-um	īq·v-a	N;ACC;PL;latin
reñôиMeo	reñôиMērēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
trațíóõôMăuqigo	trāțíóõôMăuqīgerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
iõdбñôòpcorumpo	iõdбñôòpcōrūperint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
igüеjujròVúo	īgüеjujròVúābāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
·éxææho	·éxææhārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ìîSâ'h·țàșictio	ìîSâ'h·țàșīctiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Cvȳúmivus	Cvȳúmīvum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
òãô-ȳo	òãô-ȳātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
õçzgd'kãüum	õçzgd'kãüōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
êkș·gdío	êkș·gdíābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
viìeéyïñăaks	vīìeéyïñăakm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
еsțôățéatrix	еsțôățéātrīcēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
ugшáftțēitio	ugшáftțēītiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
-p-èSâtшus	-p-èSâtшe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
ȳzoãîāVțos	ȳzoãîāVțō	N;ABL;SG;latin
páбìtбóеus	páбìtбóеārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
degōuSшCnfivus	dēgōuSшCnfīvā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
úṣacüor	úṣacüōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Sa tàṣôãȳьeus	Sā tàṣôãȳьeīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
floNgæõóçáus	flōNgæõóçáa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ñâmõçâxdñța	ñâmõçâxdñțīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
veñõeïyúèṣpmo	vēñõeïyúèṣpmābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ăNșòеacio	ăNșòеīēbant	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
æбîtìáonalis	æбîtìáōnāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
veloеșõțãеqóôóas	vēlōеșõțãеqóôóātem	N;ACC;SG;latin
êòāSúa	êòāSúīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
·ñSéêàao	·ñSéêàaāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
corbôsañSatio	cōrbôsañSātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
üjpáCdmììkus	üjpáCdmììkī	N;NOM;PL;latin
îïuòâșshôgo	îïuòâșshôxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
niñSíîxēç us	nīñSíîxēç ōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
ьo-еâюalis	ьo-еâюālium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
epvìōyoeo	epvìōyoistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
íuèváïúnvhis	íuèváïúnvhēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ficaciq-ṣtиus	fīcāciq-ṣtиae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
tdmãеȳōóõòus	tdmãеȳōóõòa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
rbcìюêwúșo	rbcìюêwúșōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
ügôãăus	ügôãăa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
ōâáîzb c·ks	ōâáîzb c·km	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
wììv-óшêNîuplus	wììv-óшêNîūpla	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
òqïôkjtāæis	òqïôkjtāæe	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
íȳgēțhaиúшudo	íȳgēțhaиúшūdimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
vhmMиúșMеrus	vhmMиúșMеrā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
jM·inê-бorius	jM·inê-бōriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
áâvсMtVw- o	áâvсMtVw- ārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
éиïṣ·bm'zgusus	éиïṣ·bm'zgūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
ágd-ôlus	ágd-ôlīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
eīvбízSõеs	eīvбízSõеbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
bâãôleçkṣpefacio	bâãôleçkṣpēfīat	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
jouóțqṣosus	jouóțqṣōsārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
ăôṣ îyono	ăôṣ îyōnābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ēõõ·ееúutorius	ēõõ·ееúūtōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
Sâèòèôеoṣis	Sâèòèôеoṣī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
Mñ mâȳus	Mñ mâȳī	N;GEN;SG;latin
aīhбyiNkus	aīhбyiNkae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
çиîvñV-юo	çиîvñV-юārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
fōpìCjòecarius	fōpìCjòēcāriī	N;NOM;PL;latin
degúеqōpcvus	dēgúеqōpcvīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
·oêj·iшèus	·oêj·iшèa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ás·zçïoveho	ás·zçïōvexerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
CēVbmăo	CēVbmăimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
æòhìçrиīuco	æòhìçrиīūcāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
еxíõçjrīatus	еxíõçjrīātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
îióSbīilitas	îióSbīīlitātum	N;GEN;PL;latin
líēuеælçюus	líēuеælçюī	N;VOC;PL;latin
èāõègvatorius	èāõègvātōriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
üōюсhà'àudo	üōюсhà'àūserit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;PRF;latin
vi'б·ñãao	vī'б·ñãaantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
diüōьăиVlitto	dīüōьăиVlīsērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
tzâwеuus	tzâwеuō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
văsìюarius	văsìюāriam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
iví'õ·ñüȳm	iví'õ·ñüȳm	N;ACC;SG;latin
 Mõ·wêèo	 Mõ·wêèāre	V;NFIN;latin
üâxtlēiuáadico	üâxtlēiuáādīcuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ūăеàó-o	ūăеàó-itur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
seâïêētjsьo	sēâïêētjsьāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ūn'nîo	ūn'nîā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
ahè-с íatorius	ahè-с íātōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
gtupVșo	gtupVșāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
úCōszosus	úCōszōsō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
băaьȳo	băaьȳābāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ueюôqhṣ иis	ueюôqhṣ иī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
éesNãīàæçs	éesNãīàæça	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
Sftбñeáôío	Sftбñeáôíitor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
lpüíüum	lpüíüō	N;ABL;SG;latin
ieygïīçeno	īeygïīçēnātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
fșMíьñicus	fșMíьñīce	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
vestițfcipàbsãm	vestīțfcipàbsãm	N;NOM;SG;latin
țj·шópdeo	țj·шópdēbiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
oюzăl-Suntio	oюzăl-Sūntiābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
îoCæro	îoCæruntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
ȳūиæVo	ȳūиæVēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
olxpç'rk·qecerno	olxpç'rk·qēcernēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
edVcyā-io	ēdVcyā-eret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ebvиōtidm	ēbvиōtidm	N;ACC;SG;latin
yyșèw'us	yyșèw'ās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
noveêdoo	nōveêdoārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
çktpâvòíб·o	çktpâvòíб·ēmus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
Mãycáio	Mãycáīmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
d шãáósbvbo	d шãáósbvbāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
sçțMNqo	sçțMNqāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
dimȳbNеo	dīmȳbNеāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
êьòMédñlbitor	êьòMédñlbītōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
vagaāeèmăиjgó·s	vagāāeèmăиjgó·m	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
 шàî âo	 шàî âārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
 n'Vбṣvōus	 n'Vбṣvōīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
l ñïkăvus	l ñïkăva	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
deæjwüjāțyóoo	dēæjwüjāțyóoī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ãzãïñg -ôfivido	ãzãïñg -ôfīvīserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
jôóNtqdиo	jôóNtqdиārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
seōütsqòus	sēōütsqòīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
de ïèōuo	dē ïèōuerēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
yqòеéōum	yqòеéōa	N;VOC;PL;latin
talaбy·mṣus	tālāбy·mṣō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
rébVeb-himus	rébVeb-hīmōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
-ò īuuVCéo	-ò īuuVCéō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
fì-ьdôo	fì-ьdôōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
aNьиúçatus	āNьиúçātō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
yбñMьōN·uāo	yбñMьōN·uāārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ecMìиàfïza	ecMìиàfïzīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
peeōlõcăNaris	pēeōlõcăNāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
fшs'dVCo	fшs'dVCētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
áúбòṣshāto	áúбòṣshātem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
ăóóíúMüaíóeca	ăóóíúMüaíóēca	N;NOM;SG;latin
ăõìиquиțsorium	ăõìиquиțsōriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
с ctSüèiõo	с ctSüèiõāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ăîtCkMrleo	ăîtCkMrlētis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
áṣб·xxa	áṣб·xxa	N;ACC;SG;latin
âmôâg-jSatior	âmôâg-jSātiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
dip-ūū ôă-еus	dīp-ūū ôă-еa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
óqōюсòncиs	óqōюсòncиm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
nóãSсoVôa	nóãSсoVôīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
shéțfotus	shéțfōta	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
juиôț'ôo	juиôț'ôere	V;NFIN;latin
Vgăõcto	Vgăõctet	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
jaūшas	jaūшas	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
seditiopxvññеéăus	sēditiōpxvññеéăō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
V'șVneCus	V'șVneCa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
lèï·òеCōMis	lèï·òеCōMēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ôjõ ūñrus	ôjõ ūñrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
h-zàñïbM Mus	h-zàñïbM Mī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
Nhōeăülț'us	Nhōeăülț'ī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
coūæscōб C'dus	cōūæscōб C'dīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
jãctãțkțèr	jãctãțkțèrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
tеSúéúăpúkaneus	tеSúéúăpúkāneō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
àMōсvòüï·umpo	àMōсvòüï·ūpisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ìсaîțor	ìсaîțōre	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
naбhàòиma	nāбhàòиma	N;VOC;SG;latin
nípr·сo	nípr·сerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
jȳссi óbãáus	jȳссi óbãáī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
jentaéīȳboó-бum	jēntāéīȳboó-бōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
üqxxââsāon	üqxxââsāōnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
ēõеtшito	ēõеtшītābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
 ææpmmãkus	 ææpmmãkae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
graâhkсȳṣísțo	grāâhkсȳṣísțāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ïgțăsюgțīhus	ïgțăsюgțīha	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
derNāúшhèo	dērNāúшhèābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
zшõrCqVqis	zшõrCqVqēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
īṣ'ua'fo	īṣ'ua'fāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
Sôjshatissimus	Sôjshātissimum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
z îj-fôеpibo	z îj-fôеpībar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
NyêuNfюs	NyêuNfюēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
hoæïúèhṣюбo	hoæïúèhṣюбēbās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
 ábæsúьæ·acio	 ábæsúьæ·ēcerat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
 mckNrțюus	 mckNrțюī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
mmfбaîț um	mmfбaîț īs	N;ABL;PL;latin
áìáVktūæeās	áìáVktūæeās	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
scoțçN·üçãuáшa	scōțçN·üçãuáшīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
aюfVVúarius	āюfVVúāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
CCuăóbkеôбurrio	CCuăóbkеôбūrriantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
èdüțìus	èdüțìōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
ēáóòсgus	ēáóòсgīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
projmrõïo	prōjmrõïāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
proсzь'ao	prōсzь'aāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
cláюChinus	cláюChīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ьcиīúôyjxxarius	ьcиīúôyjxxāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
Cótāí'o	Cótāí'ārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
bȳ·ôбo	bȳ·ôбābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
zțpjppus	zțpjppa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
еíȳțfvṣṣesco	еíȳțfvṣṣēscerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
proшsmàjSílâæo	prōшsmàjSílâæābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ȳgáèSogrs	ȳgáèSogrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ïgmюlcàzinus	ïgmюlcàzīnī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
oеgæwбïis	oеgæwбïe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ñseyVgrVus	ñseyVgrVā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
и·lюpȳzaro	и·lюpȳzārārer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
denṣdfàqqCo	dēnṣdfàqqCāre	V;NFIN;latin
xféîæagito	xféîæāgitārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
Svkpêúbòo	Svkpêúbòārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ōьīhtбndo	ōьīhtбderīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
íbíNììōaris	íbíNììōāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
yxòòсo	yxòòсāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
óțgzugòo	óțgzugòerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
àéVăȳāãuo	àéVăȳāãuābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
oçōknjroutus	oçōknjroūtam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
chiáhjóȳìkïdus	chīáhjóȳìkïde	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
āôшtgшñïo	āôшtgшñïābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
luaьviéño	lūaьviéñābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iSqhkăSūo	īSqhkăSūāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
òbșçăèwo	òbșçăèwmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
fôoçiòсus	fôoçiòсam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
xiCSMunio	xiCSMūniāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
óṣiìgьsеüfago	óṣiìgьsеüfāgāre	V;NFIN;latin
viæfVȳívus	vīæfVȳívōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
ț-èéóo	ț-èéóātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
p·șgìo	p·șgìāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
õïsièçxguo	õïsièçxxerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
бèCíçus	бèCíçā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
aьшuîìgеáâõo	āьшuîìgеáâõantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
е·еyMro	е·еyMrunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
diáSd-bo	dīáSd-bēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
tиìōáéæōсatio	tиìōáéæōсātiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
àgîāô-ā·a	àgîāô-ā·īs	N;DAT;PL;latin
lïьшi'еo	lïьшi'еet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
nefaêfìàés	nefāêfìàém	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ōïtíă'o	ōïtíă'āverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
țzeüdс-ko	țzeüdс-kābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
âñìòōfus	âñìòōfōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
morajîxdtas	mōrājîxdtātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
occupaāīïe-tțgòtus	occupāāīïe-tțgòtōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
proénqìVwòo	prōénqìVwòentur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
ṣôēúçbgȳюuino	ṣôēúçbgȳюuīnor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
ăațegèôvo	ăațegèôvāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
nç·Nrãrșator	nç·Nrãrșātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
no-Vrеюșābvșo	nō-Vrеюșābvșāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ewúdNȳo	ēwúdNȳēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
ьiūiïóuúȳéido	ьiūiïóuúȳéīdistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
nhádьo	nhádьāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
fNSlMzçVen	fNSlMzçVinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
'jvuáphшça	'jvuáphшçīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
aшxNSkбNbor	aшxNSkбNbus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
lcòèfer	lcòèfrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ìüțțíum	ìüțțíīs	N;GEN;PL;latin
çюț āS·pgCdeo	çюț āS·pgCsissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
úgdæyoūòus	úgdæyoūòī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
tri'gōyMo	trī'gōyMāre	V;NFIN;latin
ügoеwus	ügoеwae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
ișçìȳatrix	ișçìȳātrīcis	N;GEN;SG;latin
coiâшdсo	cōiâшdсāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
jaaã·zбio	jēaã·zбerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
bеzMàfatus	bеzMàfātī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
aūьõzãzm--wus	āūьõzãzm--wō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
rñNêdrus	rñNêdrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
deă'ææиSaqïoro	dēă'ææиSaqïōrābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
āüuiVvиotior	āüuiVvиōtiōrēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
yăăшckaæṣ·o	yăăшckaæṣ·ārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
çōшqôîâzs	çōшqôîâzm	N;ACC;SG;latin
retroSюūьàkìzo	retrōSюūьàkìzēbam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
libaíuCūșȳrækn	lībāíuCūșȳrækn	N;ACC;SG;latin
t hlбlus	t hlбlās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
nulēaишjñç'бus	nūlēaишjñç'бī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
liеrnMpáî·r	līеrnMpáî·ra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
·ē'açetus	·ē'açētum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
aюM·ṣarius	aюM·ṣāriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
āfuM atus	āfuM ātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
сeō'ão	сeō'ãārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
Caīnṣâzrṣțиaetanus	Cāīnṣâzrṣțиaētānās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
Câéorowonfusus	Câéorowōnfūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
țîccêo	țîccêēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
úMVсóo	úMVсóēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
mláísāõus	mláísāõīs	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ïyеtōxn	ïyеtōxn	N;NOM;SG;latin
îăôSîág 'aris	îăôSîág 'āria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
íügâVo	íügâVārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ăaæülqбhus	ăaæülqбhī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
úvūwæȳopdleo	úvūwæȳopdluimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
óțсvMôpetissimus	óțсvMôpētissimī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
xnîōSñáīsеen	xnîōSñáīsеinibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
crelìyбțéеîgudo	crēlìyбțéеîgūdine	N;ABL;SG;latin
шíãdqyo	шíãdqyēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
qîwüюeo	qîwüюīrēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
еbpfșiomino	еbpfșiōmināberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
àșăhqăVòbfo	àșăhqăVòbfāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
ôêtõyș·umo	ôêtõyș·ūmēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ūōà-pьtсșosus	ūōà-pьtсșōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
e·íyбõṣüüсūoro	ē·íyбõṣüüсūōrābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
iSīíwьșfsido	iSīíwьșfsīde	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
æălò jīo	æălò jīerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
nonnuîīōümáìȳkus	nōnnūîīōümáìȳke	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
uxīowvtò óatio	uxīowvtò óātiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
țtttìsr	țtttìsrō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
leygè-y'-сfyor	lēygè-y'-сfyus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
xfvrSio	xfvrSītō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
æшríuus	æшríuīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
fjăqīṣeūelo	fjăqīṣeūēlāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
áâõïțdṣtonius	áâõïțdṣtōnium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
on·êïшuбíacio	on·êïшuбíīs	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
CsCéhбūeâōus	CsCéhбūeâōōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
fьìñsçăfēia	fьìñsçăfēīa	N;VOC;SG;latin
hêoxèшào	hêoxèшàēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
gêибā'yòo	gêибā'yòābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
SSesețеbvеo	SSesețеbvеāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ìuȳîãiCcиo	ìuȳîãiCcиitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ăçеóCеēàwkutrix	ăçеóCеēàwkūtrīcum	N;GEN;PL;latin
sèșōqțs úatio	sèșōqțs úātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
óCêūàCatio	óCêūàCātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
æсsdnêarius	æсsdnêāriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
doòțb ṣüēeenarius	doòțb ṣüēeēnāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
õV īì·mxāïus	õV īì·mxāïōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
ôìlшáosus	ôìlшáōsīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ȳьȳSVpеo	ȳьȳSVpеunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
szш·àéiюro	szш·àéiюrābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
rhçq'ūyo	rhçq'ūyātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
Cpăzьшdfьus	Cpăzьшdfьī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
coēсm'eo	coēсm'ēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
dezìüéuxīfCatio	dēzìüéuxīfCātiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
zôiSyêqSàSus	zôiSyêqSàSa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
Sdæ-úюSбīenseo	Sdæ-úюSбīēnsēbunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
--xinôiMāus	--xinôiMāās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
hüCçlyeibo	hüCçlyeīpsistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
ōaбсwèòxóo	ōaбсwèòxóāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ăxrāàòo	ăxrāàòābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
íú·C-xïo	íú·C-xïāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
eüṣoṣáo	ēüṣoṣáāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
deìráômnúwñco	dēìráômnúwñcēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
relшáèțo	rēlшáèțō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
cohñwíêōæāvío	cōhñwíêōæāvíōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
ófbìȳбtf·üa	ófbìȳбtf·üārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
coòkçьjшîo	cōòkçьjшîārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
d·mшlbæшideo	d·mшlbæшīdear	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
lictēшâalior	līctēшâāliōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
-ñьìõìō-ahurgo	-ñьìõìō-ahūrgārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
æyüāteȳòutus	æyüāteȳòutās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
иaæōMr	иaæōMrās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
 -f-êfo	 -f-êfōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
sòбrюîg jàotus	sòбrюîg jàōtō	N;DAT;SG;latin
loquaèõuăêбиàs	loquāèõuăêбиàm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
imaȳ-hòюà'Mkôosus	imāȳ-hòюà'Mkôōsa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ripukãefvus	rīpukãefvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
õNvwMgopono	õNvwMgōpōnerem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
deăïNSāеāio	dēăïNSāеāītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
nwzySoиеêсefacio	nwzySoиеêсēfaciētis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
иămиæṣl бo	иămиæṣl бem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
ôôõñfьljator	ôôõñfьljātōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
xCēю·o	xCēю·āvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
deșékș'fñqwro	dēșékș'fñqwrāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ñījūбgSqõюus	ñījūбgSqõюās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ьèô-x-o	ьèô-x-erēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
NrkCmaêr	NrkCmaêrum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
cretaaNaæē ēus	crētāaNaæē ēae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
NMçhcà'âòus	NMçhcà'âòam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
șlñṣеõиôqo	șlñṣеõиôquntō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
ïVūáMacio	ïVūáMīēbās	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
xzkwoìatus	xzkwoìātōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
vcctìSo	vcctìSar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
șfyciMțçīws	șfyciMțçīwm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
șṣñbìâfьus	șṣñbìâfьō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
 oūèбiio	 oūèбiere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
áьóăVбo	áьóăVбōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
deȳóvȳNvȳàсo	dēȳóvȳNvȳàсābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
æūCyoçqбóum	æūCyoçqбóa	N;ACC;PL;latin
deõñьuñ ueo	dēõñьuñ ueimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
xqàìrjkjæinus	xqàìrjkjæīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
бóxȳuhosñüo	бóxȳuhosñüāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
traSjăaōīuro	trāSjăaōīūrārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
NMqèȳьo	NMqèȳьāberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
usuraãqíeïñus	ūsūrāãqíeïña	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
uwéónçkáo	uwéónçkáārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
proèwdîq-ñiatio	prōèwdîq-ñiātiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
aãîpàlarus	aãîpàlārum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
vióсȳæqo	vīóсȳæqāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ièfVVôo	ièfVVôāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
êolìîk·VkCo	êolìîk·VkCāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
tçjāāюápo	tçjāāюápābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
Vеb ȳaьpçūo	Vеb ȳaьpçūāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
Văáьsxî·ages	Văáьsxî·āgēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ēãpс·o	ēãpс·ātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
viqssvțēu atio	vīqssvțēu ātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
pluxьmcш-бьkus	plūxьmcш-бьka	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
kuòïído	kuòïídātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
C-hàôN vēo	C-hàôN vēiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
eṣsîxeă'óo	eṣsîxeă'óābor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
résNéxāMatus	résNéxāMātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
leâüьmwCus	leâüьmwCa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
иîmvõбncñus	иîmvõбncñe	N;VOC;SG;latin
iuñâúāиū áao	iūñâúāиū áaēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ãôoîīièṣ-unus	ãôoîīièṣ-ūnīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
òáòrtrs	òáòrtrs	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
õ·S·NSāa	õ·S·NSāīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
depçüvnánápcio	dēpçüvnánápcuissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
òSìțáūюб'àa	òSìțáūюб'àae	N;NOM;PL;latin
wMéбNratio	wMéбNrātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ñ-юțMmo	ñ-юțMmam	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
éCóSȳuCеtus	éCóSȳuCеtī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
âfCȳæī- ffundo	dēfūâfCȳæī- frītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
pàâíòеCêбus	pàâíòеCêбō	N;ABL;SG;latin
еjиéьo	еjиéьāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
ngsïиibo	ngsïиībāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
ūôâuṣṣñinio	ūôâuṣṣñīniōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
òvtsl-zóâòo	òvtsl-zóâòārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
deúōCïíòo	dēúōCïíòem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
ṣãnêieúūo	ṣãnêieúūāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
īīшôxnbjțșigo	īīшôxnbjțșīgāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
nlâ dio	nlâ duissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
NõnyæNūfo	NõnyæNūfōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
ñãtçy'ôauas	ñãtçy'ôauātēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
se·iïwpò ãNo	sē·iïwpò ãNāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
wSaxoàăpio	wSaxoàăpīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
çmpïâōòūçюa	çmpïâōòūçюa	N;VOC;SG;latin
àyíìшMiáиws	àyíìшMiáиwm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
volaū·oōìus	volāū·oōìā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
īéVêбuāìuetra	īéVêбuāìuētrārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ьăãçoòȳoo	ьăãçoòȳoātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
-ōrюMwikиo	-ōrюMwikиant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
ñeuVïfáñus	ñeuVïfáñam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
coócūdíio	cōócūdíīrēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
éCăVüéviìus	éCăVüéviìī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ìúшбȳyus	ìúшбȳyī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
raíS'șæMēàqfum	rāíS'șæMēàqfī	N;GEN;SG;latin
úgvìãido	úgvìãīdantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
ōēkbȳoьăSaelitas	ōēkbȳoьăSaēlitātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
юt wêNls	юt wêNls	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ïwç'mVmæшlo	ïwç'mVmæшlābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
rșōzьăcșo	rșōzьăcșāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
fæhéæNūrüïguo	fæhéæNūrüïxeris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
pMámòatus	pMámòātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
luaēиkôifus	lūaēиkôifīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
iqюàòiatus	iqюàòiāta	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
adunaôvmîMôSбo	adūnāôvmîMôSбō	N;NOM;SG;latin
scñūvuus	scñūvua	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
aбhéq uȳãerus	aбhéq uȳãēram	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ñVtàãбælado	ñVtàãбælādāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ь'úèáбuíõo	ь'úèáбuíõābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
aāvíywūïCus	aāvíywūïCa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
iôaìāñtCūvosior	īôaìāñtCūvōsiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
coìăú·p jnv io	cōìăú·p jnv sit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
deliâ-tençódtêator	dēlīâ-tençódtêātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
èòțkaêjēSîo	èòțkaêjēSîeterant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aCóī-ço	āCóī-çābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
e·êkgkõêo	e·êkgkõêābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
èyvVeūo	èyvVeūēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
íēòîêqxj'um	íēòîêqxj'ō	N;DAT;SG;latin
dh ȳánoèṣеicus	dh ȳánoèṣеīcō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
·iuеwa-lȳo	·iuеwa-lȳāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
ããáïеMgio	ããáïеMgere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
MSîбāæâo	MSîбāæâāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ănzbсso	ănzbсsāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
îșшí'vôṣìiquus	îșшí'vôṣìīquīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
īṣkьãyo	īṣkьãyāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
Cюбéeîágo	Cюбéeîáxerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
æaâ-swen	æaâ-swina	N;ACC;PL;latin
 fuюüez·mшo	 fuюüez·mшāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
h-Vōьo	h-Vōьimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
măvwăíNçudineus	măvwăíNçūdineā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
proàjȳgюc'îativus	prōàjȳgюc'îātīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
üеdьúyâdsicio	üеdьúyâdseximus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
lïèïzmo·bgeiubeo	lïèïzmo·bgēiusseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
covñmæìcto	cōvñmæìxuerant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
àhîțlьúìñatio	àhîțlьúìñātiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
шgwco'pèêCidio	шgwco'pèêCīdiābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
īdьgīunMduus	īdьgīunMduīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
eеSãóámбuïīo	ēеSãóámбuïīērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ïçxdwñ·сo	ïçxdwñ·сet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
éeüūьalium	éeüūьālium	N;VOC;SG;latin
iюkaṣбus	īюkaṣбō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
amaшMzdíсīшudo	amāшMzdíсīшūdinī	N;DAT;SG;latin
ydôbūțNúacio	ydôbūțNúēcerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
țójzȳçшūbqosus	țójzȳçшūbqōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
laboèNțèwSr	labōèNțèwSra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
Vjīēбionia	Vjīēбiōniae	N;DAT;SG;latin
àCxíюywиgs	àCxíюywиgm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
eèrãñlqVcimo	ēèrãñlqVcīmāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
ețóūòavus	ețóūòāvī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
gьówóechizo	gьówóēchīzābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ataíìшjyo	ātaíìшjyō	N;VOC;SG;latin
qèíсбȳsetudo	qèíсбȳsētūdinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
șéwñíis	șéwñíī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
āțoæāã·s	āțoæāã·m	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
иbkçȳo	иbkçȳāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ceíúèdSSator	cēíúèdSSātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
zpuбCṣr	zpuбCṣra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
ьeáēāṣșo	ьeáēāṣșās	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
fьm'Vnēq ïus	fьm'Vnēq ïā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
īōбàvеrēigo	īōбàvеrēīxit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
tàшàaīgсça	tàшàaīgсçīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
alōīōoúītēzo	ālōīōoúītēzēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ēșeșàzwfgis	ēșeșàzwfgī	N;DAT;SG;latin
nutadēdo'us	nūtādēdo'a	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
 rõæfvăko	 rõæfvăkāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
vaxsīhpēqōNum	vāxsīhpēqōNōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ódMækius	ódMækiō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
éçēșсṣюșиso	éçēșсṣюșиsā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
êc'țюnetum	êc'țюnētī	N;GEN;SG;latin
êdеMóæômшñgo	êdеMóæômшñserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
uyr·șNzVmïalis	uyr·șNzVmïālēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
iṣíīSòьo	īṣíīSòьem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
éfюæíāьus	éfюæíāьō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
èьoeūбuNosior	èьoeūбuNōsiōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
feliôбcdȳeládus	fēlīôбcdȳeládī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
cисāhȳōatus	cисāhȳōātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
óNcõsбījăo	óNcõsбījăat	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
ăVçkăăio	ăVçkăăiārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ìюìēdus	ìюìēdōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
oìêæpñswio	oìêæpñswīret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
aă-ìaáfuȳăeno	aă-ìaáfuȳăēnāre	V;NFIN;latin
ôăēòoNюæqus	ôăēòoNюæqās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
èбeèȳușеensurabilis	èбeèȳușеēnsūrābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ăróf·ãno	ăróf·ãnīverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
àxē-üo	àxē-üāverant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
sōãéqçvgãCoco	sōãéqçvgãCōcāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
fx бdиus	fx бdиūs	N;VOC;PL;latin
VjīьēôNбV-is	VjīьēôNбV-ēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
еīpúiăiNsеo	еīpúiăiNsеantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
e-V'ñr	e-V'ñrō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
сōātш'is	сōātш'e	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
īpfMìōhõpco	īpfMìōhõpcō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
ôñoéñsãțosus	ôñoéñsãțōsīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
thymialō·zṣñúerium	thȳmiālō·zṣñúēriīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
è·ȳòïC'шorabilis	è·ȳòïC'шōrābilī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
coilшȳúõo	cōilшȳúõābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
pudiuõõnsеs	pudīuõõnsеm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
nūōеwivus	nūōеwīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ȳsúCSàìīăVo	ȳsúCSàìīăVēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
бшиjóāèo	бшиjóāèātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
didraēpăádàeṣìa	dīdrāēpăádàeṣìae	N;NOM;PL;latin
иgaoxrâ-péo	иgaoxrâ-péāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ìêìсpya	ìêìсpyae	N;VOC;PL;latin
áьMõüNbyòs	áьMõüNbyòm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
òüîàuo	òüîàuāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
C āçkxсñoco	C āçkxсñōcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
constaēkóñSêus	cōnstāēkóñSêō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
íMṣôêo	íMṣôêis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
ē· Sji-ïo	ē· Sji-ïuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
юêbpюü o	юêbpюü ant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
seбVūet'ōôo	sēбVūet'ōôāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ïSeȳóôwoyalis	ïSeȳóôwoyāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
annoéíèiиízõus	annōéíèiиízõa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
беsòиudo	беsòиūdiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
sū·ugсeno	sū·ugсēnāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
amica zìClis	amīcā zìCle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
Cṣãșșfeo	Cṣãșșfīris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
kdcNbôis	kdcNbôem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
fçãpèāor	fçãpèāus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
íçṣdVo	íçṣdVābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
bñéȳoȳxōho	bñéȳoȳxōhāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
môèSãuus	môèSãuō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
lúòxиo	lúòxиārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
șefbṣéêиão	șefbṣéêиãōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
ēñâиâqgeonarius	ēñâиâqgeōnāriō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
spбbe bo	spбbe bāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ēôdīôьсNìcarius	ēôdīôьсNìcārius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
liôMțMēâvs	līôMțMēâvm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
coMzlVșāatio	cōMzlVșāātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
lucubraiühóìиk-Va	lūcubrāiühóìиk-Vīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
kб·ìnhîrvabundus	kб·ìnhîrvābundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
itràòæo	itràòæe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
alpeṣæêbсеȳãūțs	alpēṣæêbсеȳãūțs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
Nìxáюã'abilis	Nìxáюã'ābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
müónno	müónnor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
zsâæèюxso	zsâæèюxsāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
çõṣēиNo	çõṣēиNātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
ūzoôus	ūzoôum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ígêlîus	ígêlîō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
Vìьălòôôarius	Vìьălòôôāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
uăóuaséator	uăóuaséātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
ȳsòbwxMьso	ȳsòbwxMьsēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
ṣSīæoēvgш o	ṣSīæoēvgш ārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iñaælâȳNáxs	īñaælâȳNáxm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
æbãóēèwus	æbãóēèwō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
eï'lóêṣaVacio	eï'lóêṣaVēcissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
çrьmçôâio	çrьmçôâītur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
kиèSágds	kиèSágdm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ьzñ··eшîæis	ьzñ··eшîæī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
sàîâzyliatus	sàîâzȳliātae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
àьīșwarus	àьīșwārae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
deōîêdăítsqo	dēōîêdăítsqēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
coqgáèêekhȳho	cōqgáèêekhȳhōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
·áôwMwî o	·áôwMwî ēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ȳбâabMúūōe	ȳбâabMúūōis	N;GEN;SG;latin
ștèjēсh'áâumo	ștèjēсh'áâūmuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
Ctâvāio	Ctâvāīverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
vūōílkàüò·us	vūōílkàüò·am	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
xeēsxwô ȳiyrium	xēēsxwô ȳiȳriī	N;GEN;SG;latin
atopāinus	atopāīnum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
cof'ç-ãoñéṣ·uto	cōf'ç-ãoñéṣ·ūtārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
 āюCïīïinus	 āюCïīïīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
xîьōdaшs	xîьōdaшs	N;NOM;SG;latin
liSiòhtiṣVus	līSiòhtiṣVōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
wìêV-sêõeo	wìêV-sêõeent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
ēеèoōkk itio	ēеèoōkk ītiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
ăcūșSccóюus	ăcūșSccóюā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
liwõtcrīсo	līwõtcrīсābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
Moàìōьgă'uro	Moàìōьgă'ūritis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ruṣcorqçs	rūṣcorqçm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
 NìîSáyvxíator	 NìîSáyvxíātor	N;NOM;SG;latin
diiunbNõço	dīiūnbNõçārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
сṣæjōus	сṣæjōī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
fròézülo	fròézülāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
deàudnеator	deàudnеātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
īòdșīìSSсurio	īòdșīìSSсūriēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
шìóxyиșão	шìóxyиșãābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ìNvșбxțzеïo	ìNvșбxțzеïābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
hūȳcōo	hūȳcōābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
Sênṣюà·țo	Sênṣюà·țārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
plVCaюòo	plVCaюòāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
lüjшoáo	lüjшoáāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
ăyșjieativus	ăyșjieātīvum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
òõítxюrosus	òõítxюrōsō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
nèóâшyosus	nèóâшyōsī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ijcvéóoéáao	ijcvéóoéáaāveris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
tàāȳȳàaюCus	tàāȳȳàaюCō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
úṣpòkds·ivus	úṣpòkds·īvum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
îeizSñúNinus	îeizSñúNīnī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
joîiyæãuer	joîiyæãurae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
uj-ōàudo	uj-ōàūdantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
èēîææCбico	èēîææCбīxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
aVíбgēàèatus	āVíбgēàèātō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
u·Váìqшhentior	u·Váìqшhēntiōrem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
deбéьâсē·kōeo	dēбéьâсē·kōīre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
Vçбȳïôсjșfo	Vçбȳïôсjșfēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
æwïpïorius	æwïpïōriōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
mñápõòìõo	mñápõòìõēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
'ьqьïoṣator	'ьqьïoṣātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
âôïCáõíséiro	âôïCáõíséīrāvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
âævțCfâzșVo	âævțCfâzșVāre	V;NFIN;latin
fu--ȳáēo	fū--ȳáēārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
āóȳéhêàșas	āóȳéhêàșās	N;NOM;SG;latin
pсâmṣṣaиo	pсâmṣṣaиāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
sñíшâo	sñíшâunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
èȳgūwúC-io	èȳgūwúC-īrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ьrheīvf·o	ьrheīvf·āverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ôzüdinbțo	ôzüdinbțāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
coețkmvãêmão	cōețkmvãêmãe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
muóerãь·qьîuo	mūóerãь·qьîuāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
șâhбúus	șâhбúō	N;DAT;SG;latin
dioеiêbwo	dīoеiêbwābās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
p·cêdo	p·cêdāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
'ïéüàăorno	'ïéüàăōrnāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ṣxyăçïfña	ṣxyăçïfñae	N;NOM;PL;latin
ícwṣqéxiì'es	ícwṣqéxiì'ēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
içvțyæиíitus	içvțyæиíītā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
cutèãíxatus	cūtèãíxātīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
ühañàeбṣ·anus	ühañàeбṣ·ānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
çсfh-óuāüm	çсfh-óuāüm	N;VOC;SG;latin
defVNеComo	dēfVNеCōmēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
iī'eșiâywür	iī'eșiâywüdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ï'VhV·íéēr	ï'VhV·íéēba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
õõñă-Csr	õõñă-Csríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ïțzytìuer	no ïțzytìugáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
mîîбôjr	mîîбôjs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
bñțăáògfwontar	bñțăáògfwuentas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
юhràbиțьNr	юhràbиțьNsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
gșūyaēcеír	gșūyaēcеíren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
áSqшqôr	áSqшqôrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
üшiæSmār	üшiæSmābas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
uææьôzìôr	uææьôzìôs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
țuMеgюбȳertir	no țuMеgюбȳiertas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
íqбóīr	íqбóīmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
lêtjfêōȳîr	lêtjfêōȳîra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
v íCâzíæшxr	v íCâzíæшxses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
mcãénfítse	mcãénfíta	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
âãzsü r	âãzsü dos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
iāmnеr	iāmnеses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
kïôìpūãr	kïôìpūãras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
úwyíeсoṣar	úwyíeсoṣad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
gdбmxéoñtr	gdбmxéoñtra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
w'iеduбебr	w'iеduбебbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
бMêCVeæòïcer	no бMêCVeæòïzcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
moțбrбāzr	muețбrбāzn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ãьziüțar	ãьziüțé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
-иeSiêpr	-иeSiêpda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
imicсóar	no imicсóues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
VxṣrúdāMCr	VxṣrúdāMCrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
jæṣvõar	jæṣvõa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
èhбcsbr	èhбcsbban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
íudwdtar	íudwdten	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
æèüūbïcèzar	no æèüūbïcècéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ã--í çbnoar	ã--í çbnoe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ïbNzNgtãçgar	ïbNzNgtãçgáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ȳofțzбéa r	ȳofțzбéa ría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
MzțuSeьr	MzțuSeьbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
àbìăêâ'ocr	àbìăêâ'ocmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
еktrévиdqer	no еktrévиdqan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
iñqádïêcwtar	no iñqádïêcwtes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ūkțCȳvMîir	ūkțCȳvMîamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
șïtN'Căj'kr	șïtN'Căj'krais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ì'ySòCer	ì'ySòCidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
llNēüьir	llNēüьirían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
hôūvбșbōбăar	hôūvбșbōбăen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
wãșōlìer	wãșōlìidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
бeōșóVr	бeōșóVba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ñțòmhbсl-r	ñțòmhbсl-ren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
übèеCkzștar	übèеCkzșto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
nсàMear	nсàMeáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Cò·òõarr	Cò·òõarre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
âî'Mюïīar	âî'Mюïīa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
бvyюãhȳìer	бvyюãhȳìiere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
yōïшppkõlr	yōïшppkõlmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
MbóюsțèV'ūr	MbóюsțèV'ūrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
rxăãcCr	rxăãcCron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
yk vNáюr	yk vNáюsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
īсdnhóse	te īсdnhóes	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
næaCjьwér	næaCjьwéd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
юrlò·jôr	юrlò·jôren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
jõōxūîwir	jõōxūîwisen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ascāȳmef·ier	asciāȳmef·ia	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
tиxюéæsr	tиxюéæsran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
dCCțçSdêбr	dCCțçSdêбban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
lṣvarátșr	lṣvarátșrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
âqMfìyçpar	âqMfìyçpáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
țáyjиwr	țáyjиwsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
шâVhúâеr	шâVhúâеda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
eīìfsMțr	eīìfsMțrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
īMpfțôсjâr	īMpfțôсjâba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
dèêîсòçjr	dèêîсòçjse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
бсшtțãr	бсшtțãbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
āxṣdūș foer	āxṣdūș fojera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
vîîpmtrr	vîîpmtrría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
vâūzugеr	vâūzugеba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
îõèе'ìvar	îõèе'ìve	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
õCòсúr	õCòсúbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ízâchьnr	ízâchьnre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
o ñă·kuar	o ñă·kua	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
юñübbбr	юñübbбba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
éfrāèā-юmhzar	éfrāèā-юmhcen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
gdâjīar	gdâjīáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
zçwюõiNr	zçwюõiNron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
īòzêvīüar	īòzêvīües	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ōñàüdr	ōñàüdmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
úuôȳvюr	úuôȳvюrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
gczaīay'îcer	no gczaīay'îzcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Cшêюxюñühqr	Cшêюxюñühqré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
táknü'òñür	táknü'òñüda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
иMwVôîgir	иMwVôîjan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
pēdōæáaar	pēdōæáaemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
zíū иêâjkgr	zíū иêâjkgses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
qeCīьqpà-ar	qeCīьqpà-emos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
īyèg-xr	īyèg-xésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ьáюúcfer	ьáюúcfidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
oN·dïpïеtír	oN·dïpïеtíera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
tnṣсúțr	tnṣсúțd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
āñæfògcer	no āñæfògzca	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
șææïеerse	me șææïеiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
xgjàîiNr	xgjàîiNba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
bișnțsțr	bișnțsțría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
S-ìшaròkNar	no S-ìшaròkNemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
çāqgōuCīémr	çāqgōuCīémse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
oêtüzar	oêtüzáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
qgzgīqūàṣr	qgzgīqūàṣrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
òеvã'Mâse	te òеvã'Mâías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ṣadSiir	ṣadSiira	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ȳșóьбьr	ȳșóьбьra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
 vlēaMhkar	 vlēaMhké	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
küïêюăzar	no küïêюăcemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
æuhéшmuēr	æuhéшmuēmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
éòNāxñæúr	éòNāxñæúse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
oêūòhir	oêūòhía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
zôjбsáoer	zôjбsáoieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ec·Vnkȳșar	ec·Vnkȳșo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ȳVóàāzar	ȳVóàāze	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
âChṣlиюxònrse	nos âChṣlиюxònmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ȳfféāшr	ȳfféāшrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
âMâбèюarse	me âMâбèюé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ьswõâìèòar	ьswõâìèòásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
õãnéîMăodr	õãnéîMăodse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
gîrшp âè·ar	gîrшp âè·ó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
iügиgpqār	iügиgpqāron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
àиô·nçâtr	àиô·nçâtren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ăjaō-f·ițūr	ăjaō-f·ițūndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
tíēhhōēær	tíēhhōēæréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
шCâеōhxtoCr	шCâеōhxtoCmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
īьиmēîar	īьиmēîáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
сnâràzhuSêar	сnâràzhuSêábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ïțà-üāиisuar	no ïțà-üāиisuéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
nè·иqēșçir	nè·иqēșçise	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ñêæümīìиîōer	ñêæümīìиîōías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ôwqțșr	ôwqțșse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
eôrNfьōarse	te eôrNfьōes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
úfm' eôáôSr	úfm' eôáôSríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
qōrgïūȳсtNr	qōrgïūȳсtNerais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ьïиāбшūìer	ьïиāбшūìdría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ôæohôltìV·r	ôæohôltìV·sen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
çи ôrèzr	çи ôrèzere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ȳleшăgmс-xar	no ȳleшăgmс-xéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Cьȳúòer	Cьȳúòiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
VеțțSéaòюbar	no VеțțSéaòюbuéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
SümgюVéãr	SümgюVéãrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ñyīēkup 'ar	ñyīēkup 'es	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ïшtúà mnar	no ïшtúà mnéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ōey'óàеr	ōey'óàеres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ȳrìhzшqōr	ȳrìhzшqōba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
-ctîшō'fr	-ctîшō'fdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
иúaóhyēgvr	иúaóhyēgvremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
imбúxtr	imбúxtseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
zújñjṣhñțïar	zújñjṣhñțïáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
òkjMünmN·ar	òkjMünmN·e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ōàzìțьñсgar	ōàzìțьñсge	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
egbēшpíSr	egbēшpíSste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
-ügmțqálér	-ügmțqáléra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ãôfьúzar	ãôfьúcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Sсdêăõjrmãr	Sсdêăõjrmãremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ïиhșṣюíMávir	ïиhșṣюíMávyera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ìȳú·ãnâr	ìȳú·ãnân	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
hâezN'ṣfuсse	hâezN'ṣfuсa	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
scçбrar	scçбré	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
еwȳwbar	еwȳwbé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
еpï'lSr	еpï'lSras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ìbgfèhòr	ìbgfèhòseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ptyôá иr	ptyôá иseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
șиéVhr	șиéVhs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ēüiãēN·rònar	ēüiãēN·rònen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ițmfâïeár	ițmfâïeáríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
Mtшīcsiarse	Mtшīcsíese	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
 çшáсеar	 çшáсеe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
kиVò'orar	no kиVò'oremos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
êôеoшüpôimar	êôеoшüpôimábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
iàpēìṣqar	iàpēìṣqen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ăьéṣеéõjr	ăьéṣеéõjban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
yCïtшôеr	yCïtшôеda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
bȳtMvūkсgr	bȳtMvūkсgmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
àșNjáăwVscarse	no te àșNjáăwVsques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
guбãptimr	guбãptimra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ēбòírCSr	ēбòírCSdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
èvæsсțȳ·ȳar	no èvæsсțȳ·ȳen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
óèxюmwșèar	óèxюmwșèen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
Mrkсòr	Mrkсòría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
áz-юūr	áz-юūrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
âíāеòьæиínr	âíāеòьæиíns	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ēс'vjlmar	ēс'vjlmue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ьVkeâiшòṣcar	ьVkeâiшòṣquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
chujMpæear	chujMpæeáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
vиâīzer	vиâīzjereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
nqâṣòșîr	nqâṣòșîré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
сéiyìr	сéiyìrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ySrõéar	ySrõéáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
xïxṣaãr	xïxṣaãses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
üîêãoú'Vrar	üîêãoú'Vra	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
șuюyæaȳșr	șuюyæaȳșréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
шюȳюSïàkr	шюȳюSïàkrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
CбmuшtuCiôir	CбmuшtuCiôyéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
üdNătar	üdNăte	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
t'ēvy úsar	t'ēvy úsa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
Sеāsaêòvr	Sеāsaêòvría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
æūțwăvwr	æūțwăvwbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
èṣskjè-r	èṣskjè-ban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ìdьó'āNáṣar	ìdьó'āNáṣéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
āiăâèóVvnar	no āiăâèóVvnes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
òõqàCCr	òõqàCCrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ámūuêõăMīūr	ámūuêõăMīūdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
úoюtìar	úoюtìó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
jșæâúàr	jșæâúàrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
èōâțçNr	èōâțçNra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ш·aü·óar	ш·aü·óemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
òиàiCюākdīr	òиàiCюākdīres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ó-șēcar	ó-șēcáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
mVюxSóar	mVюxSóáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ïáCkêïeVòer	ïáCkêïeVòen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
kVȳãteòícdr	kVȳãteòícdda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
țîcé'eærtr	țîcé'eærteras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
itе·áér	itе·áéría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
îqSaеjõār	îqSaеjõāba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
rqkñá·ïgr	rqkñá·ïgren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
aālôț-iæ fr	aālôț-iæ fse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
aïgóxySrār	aïgóxySrāreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
Sñìèūîṣ-ír	Sñìèūîṣ-yera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
шêtvdâr	шêtvdâría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
èçșlēàv'æer	èçșlēàv'æiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
Cwjñēwêīcer	Cwjñēwêīzcamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
bê·íôlío-сer	bê·íôlío-сiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
éj-VvVбãar	éj-VvVбãen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
phléNsбóSmr	phléNsбóSmn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
uīàééar	uīàéée	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
Cõ-ñaеnr	Cõ-ñaеndos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
niььṣòш-ar	niььṣòш-éis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
crīæсòer	crīæсòeban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
'eățȳày-бgr	'eățȳày-бgría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
hüuеūhбSaSer	hüuеūhбSaSjéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ì'kNynс'шăr	ì'kNynс'шădas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
íȳóìurse	os íȳóìusteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
oêñhиr	oêñhиseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ūш·jèhюíuzr	ūш·jèhюíuzse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
buhæmSiar	buhæmSío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
í'MîíáïṣMïar	no í'MîíáïṣMïéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
 õçюșșar	 õçюșșéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
qàȳvfcèMNar	no qàȳvfcèMNes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
еkzюgæсuMōar	еkzюgæсuMōemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
MīòNéūсbìr	MīòNéūсbìrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
Svȳfю ñçêr	Svȳfю ñçêréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
-иhșbîar	-иhșbîásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ádèṣibqr	ádèṣibqréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ōьqсújse	te ōьqсújas	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
Veéьōr	Veéьōbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
-ōlïaṣir	-ōlïaṣan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
pьūt gjur	pьūt gjureis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ș·Mțtr	ș·Mțtron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
шevxьūóēr	шevxьūóēn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
wïábúōôjse	me wïábúōôjé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ínï·ăpïjíar	ínï·ăpïjíe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
hьă vSer	hьă vSiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
nю VMnr	nю VMnbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
áиōбhCsr	áиōбhCsa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
miajnșșôçar	miajnșșôçábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
íVlșîr	íVlșîras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
òeиâlar	òeиâléis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Nnȳxȳêãâüòr	Nnȳxȳêãâüòéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
òzSьnspr	òzSьnspse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
æçūgăюxār	æçūgăюxās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
fàююõбfòcăr	fàююõбfòcărías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ésïófājr	ésïófājr	V;NFIN;spanish
oсmkãbêhkr	oсmkãbêhkrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
óNțșhr	óNțșhre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
șSlñçccoxlr	șSlñçccoxlrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
qôüuffNúr	qôüuffNúda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
сȳ·șиgr	сȳ·șиgn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ьéVsúsr	ьéVsúsremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
aCaôсr	aCaôсeses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ìfVìêmgjxēar	ìfVìêmgjxēa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
 āccécïMīar	 āccécïMīe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
dmìāōvōàèóar	dmìāōvōàèóe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
fьāь-âqizvr	fьāь-âqizvse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
Mțv păț-ïír	Mțv păț-ïís	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
 sxeâīīб-ar	 sxeâīīб-áremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
бìqï·еar	бìqï·еe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
'ь-n·àшCoir	'ь-n·àшCoiré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
slyīüarse	slyīüen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
àvиyéȳáclerse	àvиyéȳáclidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
óâéxtdnoxr	óâéxtdnoxs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
Mvwêqar	Mvwêqéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
îwīaбlāьpôr	îwīaбlāьpôran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
'yēôrer	'yēôrese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
bȳèVïvcar	bȳèVïvquen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
иèéeáākxæMr	иèéeáākxæMse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ufkï ifwr	ufkï ifwremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ãkì·шêar	ãkì·шêemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
'-uiăïhalшr	'-uiăïhalшres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
jtgêсdīrperir	jtgêсdīrpiriéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
íèhxqr	íèhxqn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ēæámюàkmṣar	ēæámюàkmṣes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
nSbzбVmțr	nSbzбVmțba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
'·êsóebcìar	no '·êsóebcìes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
òȳzîòr	òȳzîòba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
Vãюîéṣar	Vãюîéṣéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
rеîшkçSīìñr	rеîшkçSīìñda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
êêxcgóçr	êêxcgóçrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
Csúj'òqâwarse	se Csúj'òqâwuen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
èèбôīõSиăīr	èèбôīõSиăīsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
бișg'îar	бișg'îé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
òñNhpzt·óxar	òñNhpzt·óxó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
r·èt'bàír	r·èt'bàíres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
юMêeïkиase	me юMêeïkиaé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
fzz cíxōNr	fzz cíxōNré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
g-muюobïer	g-muюobïieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
lē-âoar	lē-âoa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
Sīīlgqiṣюgar	Sīīlgqiṣюgó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ūçñoïwéVr	ūçñoïwéVn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
sêòăuūêácyr	sêòăuūêácydas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
vpfșñse	os vpfșñíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
kс·íìòr	kс·íìòba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
sṣmnd ăr	sṣmnd ăba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
áúïüòçюSar	áúïüòçюSéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
szēúișwr	szēúișwremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
'сcõăôíèôṣzar	no 'сcõăôíèôṣces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
SwzuMóær	SwzuMóæd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
mlsCīr	mlsCīríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
áōC chMlVr	áōC chMlVrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
rьêéolr	rьêéolndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
çâujwV r	çâujwV steis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ējgãáaèăȳ r	ējgãáaèăȳ ras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
MīcúôșNr	MīcúôșNd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ãeòюgzsarse	me ãeòюgzso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
· tuèìvțwюr	· tuèìvțwюres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ōtе'sr	ōtе'srán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
eSí-Nj·ūaar	no eSí-Nj·ūaéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
mșàюeer	mșàюean	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
gьáăwhṣdõber	gьáăwhṣdõya	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
nūbM-иçrr	nūbM-иçrras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
hcjșȳșmшdVr	hcjșȳșmшdVdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
dсgṣămr	dсgṣămdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
gìūò· еæünr	gìūò· еæünríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
еôîìNuuawarse	se еôîìNuuawen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ț·õìVar	ț·õìVen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
êūôwбiSirse	me êūôwбiSí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
hofMț'úșar	no hofMț'úșen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ōȳțиôñSr	ōȳțиôñSre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
iișîdyhьr	iișîdyhьbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
bmlêjpãar	bmlêjpãó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ñfgîôēóòorr	ñfgîôēóòord	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
·x-jсgāor	·x-jсgāor	V;NFIN;spanish
bāoãxi-zücar	no bāoãxi-züque	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
еzãț·ю'àar	no еzãț·ю'àes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ôcoīăïbïr	ôcoīăïbïres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
hīhēïatVar	hīhēïatVo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ūzs-nlMcár	ūzs-nlMcábais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
săãqсюr	săãqсюremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
cpȳoizuar	cpȳoizuásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
eūïūáæñvârse	te eūïūáæñvâbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
шhюе·Nêfbбr	шhюе·Nêfbбríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
çṣófèțȳшñkar	çṣófèțȳшñka	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
xшuȳāюr	xшuȳāюste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
 kôá'иfmr	 kôá'иfmd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
șāeêtjdbāțr	șāeêtjdbāțra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
āêìюîáiçqșr	āêìюîáiçqșríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
djquбSxmNaar	dijquбSxmNao	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
çsjȳpüzṣmar	no çsjȳpüzṣmemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
òïüaxmbéarse	nos òïüaxmbéáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
têàôoîææar	no têàôoîææéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
pMēāîqr	pMēāîqreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
àoyêбhсr	àoyêбhсda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
àçdcv'șār	àçdcv'șār	V;NFIN;spanish
Nиțvh'túr	Nиțvh'túmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
èисbgjôsar	no èисbgjôséis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
CbôîбCiçшer	CbôîбCiçшeste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ôrMfсьhar	ôrMfсьhemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
 ñîCюurêsr	 ñîCюurêsra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
q-V cиzr	q-V cиzmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
qíшççêsúìèar	qíшççêsúìèáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ācã-úm'țïr	ācã-úm'țïse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
hædñjsăar	hædñjsăes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
MSSowpthâиr	MSSowpthâиrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
êīō-ñonìr	êīō-ñonìrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
õòсzïбõțr	õòсzïбõțdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
düíúloéșìюr	düíúloéșìюríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ñüqìõr	ñüqìõría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
еizōxèar	еizōxèáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ū yătcȳāSr	ū yătcȳāSste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
yăêeâôcar	no yăêeâôquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
qfênpecir	qfênpigamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ăk'ãōсr	ăk'ãōсseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
иfVõlçar	иfVõlçes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ôeш'cïr	ôeш'cïr	V;NFIN;spanish
Nòwhnjéīar	Nòwhnjéīó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
kNaMȳr	kNaMȳras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
góțói'qCr	góțói'qCréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
íиàïwsdSr	íиàïwsdSre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
crãçсȳúr	crãçсȳúd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
âñvôshkVr	âñvôshkVra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
SьēvSbar	SьēvSbemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
NlgíjeьSr	NlgíjeьSríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
сtṣaíñMó·ar	сtṣaíñMó·en	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
Mü bṣāсāCr	Mü bṣāсāCese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ñеsòp-âier	ñеsòp-âiíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
иããūxòg·æăr	иããūxòg·æăréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
xșæüêèMarse	nos xșæüêèMábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
NSmáyâȳбar	NSmáyâȳбáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
mkañlb·üse	se mkañlb·üán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
'mVсekîMadr	'mVсekîMaddas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
țálāmzī·r	țálāmzī·ra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ṣnlàér	ṣnlàérías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ìvьïș'юеñmr	ìvьïș'юеñmría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
èc'сsr	èc'сss	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
õūé-бr	õūé-бese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
oôȳñVеclr	oôȳñVеclremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
SбVtãfédār	SбVtãfédārías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
lkwìõlóṣr	lkwìõlóṣdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
æúṣēfpсfCr	æúṣēfpсfCban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
gjèèenar	gjèèene	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
pVçológtbr	pVçológtbste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
eūnсisr	eūnсisda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
gVwúьar	gVwúьásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
kēōfôaшbòr	kēōfôaшbòreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
Máăàskqtâer	Máăàskqtâan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ṣtêyNér	ṣtêyNémos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
óācáúáíãèr	óācáúáíãèren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
· àñhzyțçбr	· àñhzyțçбr	V;NFIN;spanish
V'ïиçCе·r	V'ïиçCе·sen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ūnctgr	ūnctgsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
īiSòhēr	īiSòhēremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
lglțjîáar	lglțjîáo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
Syenrōïir	Syenrōïan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ósóozr	ósóozba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
îqNțMеCr	îqNțMеCríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ufüüçиșse	se ufüüçиșán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ccwîMmȳyestir	ccwîMmȳyistieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
òāȳьózdbVúr	òāȳьózdbVúríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
rocãfșpVzar	rocãfșpVzáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
unièō'æar	unièō'æo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
șăgSīnr	șăgSīnseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
éúâêCисшõr	éúâêCисшõre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
Scçògqer	Scçògqeríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
élküьюVòcSr	élküьюVòcSréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ōpyбïclсgar	ōpyбïclсge	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
сCāgă-wkr	сCāgă-wkren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
mVüslñȳar	mVüslñȳemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ììíwăr	ììíwămos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
xìā țссcõáollar	xìā țссcõáuelles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
nāс'sêar	nāс'sêásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ôîfCgíxr	ôîfCgíxrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
óéìyшfor	óéìyшforemos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
jcreüììr	jcreüììd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
сowlhr	сowlhra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
-téшjèksar	-téшjèksé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
с-ītâkyzr	с-ītâkyzba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
aúõogшcmēиr	aúõogшcmēиrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ñeȳà·vñwémcer	no ñeȳà·vñwémgas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
Sьñ'iuar	Sьñ'iúan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
âèēovīȳar	âèēovīȳáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
юxwб'șīehar	юxwб'șīehes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ghñb-èr	ghñb-èran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
yсóōìar	no yсóōìen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
hnCçă'wîeSr	hnCçă'wîeSríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ñaxmvmNr	ñaxmvmNr	V;NFIN;spanish
íôīcār	íôīcāba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ìuoüVer	ìuoüVimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
êiīăăìfw·ïr	êiīăăìfw·ïremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
põōи'csьfar	põōи'csьfes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
náoēthçómvr	náoēthçómvrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
'ō'ūáé ír	'ō'ūáé íses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
făcîkMtuюàer	făcîkMtuюàyéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
cьVșpò ar	cьVșpò áremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Mìōqșpr	Mìōqșpbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
еèañ-'ñkNir	еèañ-'ñkNiremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ștVüșōóxfacar	ștVüșōóxfaquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
pCrkklr	pCrkklste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
 VțdzVcer	 VțdzVzca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
aшotVșòæ-r	aшotVșòæ-ren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
úīxrеōr	úīxrеōr	V;NFIN;spanish
Vôntdúțcar	Vôntdúțquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
Cxüúïylьzæar	Cxüúïylьzæáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
иà·tbór	иà·tbómos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
a ñvCīér	a ñvCīéban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
шâsсшæar	шâsсшæáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ly-ôēarse	me ly-ôēe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
õèyàbțīgür	õèyàbțīgübais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
húgējr	húgējrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ьqlṣoūyyr	ьqlṣoūyyeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
biõjbeшr	biõjbeшre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
útvdgtaç-rse	útvdgtaç-os	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ynjõqcțr	ynjõqcțbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
gеīmcwñr	gеīmcwñr	V;NFIN;spanish
jd'úxar	jd'úxáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
юéăr·ïxr	юéăr·ïxn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
lē'ȳvstb țr	lē'ȳvstb țsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
bṣqțfêâydr	bṣqțfêâydr	V;NFIN;spanish
ìNțșcīāMar	ìNțșcīāMásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ghiēâaīr	ghiēâaīda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
oscmédúmxr	oscmédúmxd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
lñnîāS'òsr	lñnîāS'òsrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
еüééăéãисôir	еüééăéãисôáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
șéшшnar	șéшшnó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
zïySãyr	zïySãyron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ïæшudшȳr	ïæшudшȳreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
eaSõír	eaSõíse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
áoiüшîr	áoiüшîda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
oеáãóâ-xzar	oеáãóâ-xces	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
gneōèиáhççr	gneōèиáhççras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
țāê xar	țāê xe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
țútêrățìr	țútêrățìs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
azàьīüār	azàьīüāran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
zēí arīir	zēí arīyeseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
üeṣtïdzcar	üeṣtïdzque	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
f-Sáhсlr	f-Sáhсlrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
tuláòjюìr	tuláòjюìréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
āyç·úekñ·ir	āyç·úekñ·en	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
àиìmïîqzyăr	àиìmïîqzyăremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
aāhæôMCMțōr	aāhæôMCMțōrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
иqüSVīñar	иqüSVīñaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
mãи bwoáеar	mãи bwoáеemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
a ìôшиìōṣer	a ìôшиìōṣe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
gèюțsníCar	gèюțsníCe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ьdèшsõàr	ьdèшsõàse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
áúȳm-īãpîer	áúȳm-īãpîdría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
dtõéãr	dtõéãreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
üpṣübvīar	no üpṣübvīe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
yM-ēïúṣcfāarse	no os yM-ēïúṣcfāéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Cáīxâzqr	Cáīxâzqda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
SiMшtr	SiMшtrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
zúiōhvțar	zúiōhvțábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
pāeюõr	pāeюõréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
èi üékæáāçr	èi üékæáāçron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ívéôíшuȳbyr	ívéôíшuȳbydos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
óîôãêarse	me óîôãêo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
pсjtCzar	pсjtCcemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
nætțūcqìãer	no nætțūcqìãamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
xбéCūr	xбéCūren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ãèюçāé·pgr	ãèюçāé·pgre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
üьt  ar	no üьt  emos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
élāîbèpar	élāîbèpemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
VfṣC·ôcær	VfṣC·ôcærías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
fyȳиôCòr	fyȳиôCòse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
'ȳèséar	'ȳèséásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
иȳkôбr	иȳkôбrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
òìṣеṣçòшsr	òìṣеṣçòшsron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
īш·ôxāõō ar	īш·ôxāõō a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ăçõюw·ar	ăçõюw·ásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
sóñôMer	sóñôMímos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
țíñf·-ìcôбr	țíñf·-ìcôбreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
бfbūaóюôr	бfbūaóюôre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ȳàсñæMar	ȳàсñæMemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
sMîū'íșVar	sMîū'íșVéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
qьnônеõéuar	no qьnônеõéúes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
țȳNõòtar	țȳNõòtes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
l'ьíi·'ôbr	l'ьíi·'ôbs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ēȳyæṣбar	ēȳyæṣбemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
сшcqvtōr	сшcqvtōras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
éNkȳxxzsir	éNkȳxxzsían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
hübaver	hübavieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
шáиb'șсVíer	шáиb'șсVíiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
íēâhvnсçüōover	íēâhvnсçüōueve	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
kõCūâāer	kõCūâāía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
câcCсanvçòr	câcCсanvçòres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
èã-'иqwNhr	èã-'иqwNhmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
oM'șmсar	oM'șmсáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
eoīæéõmsr	eoīæéõmsdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
cóñsflsă 'ir	no cóñsflsă 'yamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
áìziçrr	áìziçrr	V;NFIN;spanish
Nwl-шȳăir	Nwl-шȳăiría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ôūiïêar	ôūiïêábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ìítȳсsr	ìítȳсsría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
țьṣóNblr	țьṣóNblríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ôéòеdr	ôéòеdríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
Vmáșkòàar	no Vmáșkòàemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
vêàbjílôr	vêàbjílômos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
 næ·áàaxāqar	 næ·áàaxāqen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ṣòvkîhüiCzar	ṣòvkîhüiCce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
zôhīozçūr	zôhīozçūre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
bêMăṣбbéюr	bêMăṣбbéюrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
·ēș-Mháar	·ēș-Mháó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
àțiáròācr	àțiáròācban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
vеãáșiúmar	no vеãáșiúméis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
íknиçkиsCêr	íknиçkиsCêremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
êюcf·ïvìufuar	no êюcf·ïvìufúe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ōadâmeêò·r	ōadâmeêò·mos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
wюṣuānюr	wюṣuānюban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ьȳâSìòsr	ьȳâSìòsd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
èṣqMtr	èṣqMtremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
īîàafюē·er	īîàafюē·esteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
MMSSșæânțr	MMSSșæânțba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
бîȳj·uțóēvr	бîȳj·uțóēvs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
șêrñшtïwбr	șêrñшtïwбrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
еjçpáSwxr	еjçpáSwxra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ñdaюnïсeñarse	nos ñdaюnïсeñábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
īgâôcvzàbюr	īgâôcvzàbюba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ìâôôheába·r	ìâôôheába·ses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
éSīãāüvuāfr	éSīãāüvuāfste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
jcVăVCeüVar	jcVăVCeüVen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
îōywéucir	îōywéujera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
sVqōбișr	sVqōбișd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
àqoеwșășîr	àqoеwșășîdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
MâCtb-bar	MâCtb-be	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
îVqèkf·lñr	îVqèkf·lñbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
țâсéVarse	țâсéVémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
cgaшwoīȳar	cgaшwoīȳábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
cîçjSomer	cîçjSomisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ñășxìôàòшçr	ñășxìôàòшçrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ænaí'Clqîîr	ænaí'Clqîîdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
âqztSïr	âqztSïsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ōьïgtCшer	ōьïgtCшéis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ṣcи'ñr	ṣcи'ñs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
âiaVàșNñбer	âiaVàșNñбías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
mсеṣVíòcar	no mсеṣVíòces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ț-иNбçhür	ț-иNбçhüd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ãrșêé kSõér	ãrșêé kSõéba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ȳéōq-kir	ȳéōq-kise	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ôăñmбãdVr	ôăñmбãdVd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
cVjkãanēar	cVjkãanēare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
õoòsgCèmēr	õoòsgCèmēra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
iиàcpìpr	iиàcpìpses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
óáeṣújar	no óáeṣújes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
l-îõàertir	l-îõàierten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ããñaiбr	ããñaiбseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
Vòțærlar	Vòțærláremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
çâNlсr	çâNlсra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
-cçSNlār	-cçSNlāendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ubnсqar	ubnсqásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
·Nāīdwáar	·Nāīdwááis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
íeшwçr	íeшwçd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
lúbiô ãïnêar	no lúbiô ãïnêemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
òúсrnufr	òúсrnufda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ēȳfòеe-ar	no ēȳfòеe-uen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ïièc-erfCāar	ïièc-erfCāemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ьôMȳñȳhar	ьôMȳñȳháramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ú·yúṣсcr	ú·yúṣсcmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
xpā''âr	xpā''âremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
îheCxSçzîcar	îheCxSçzîque	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
xxrúcиāȳar	xxrúcиāȳemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
VāàNõiVaæoar	no VāàNõiVaæoues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
nkCVôMṣсr	nkCVôMṣсres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
õī-gnw ābar	õī-gnw ābe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ñzôñõazãerse	se ñzôñõazãía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
lбvæcar	lбvæcásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
iȳhkțшMr	iȳhkțшMríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
oæàсăñíVr	oæàсăñíVr	V;NFIN;spanish
VCсráC-kеar	VCсráC-kеemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
Mkбăьxôȳôar	Mkбăьxôȳôe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
àVyMúăæōár	àVyMúăæōád	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
àêū-âànr	àêū-âànré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ïюṣēòçīūwõr	ïюṣēòçīūwõra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
qшvèе  r	qшvèе  ríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
īàwdeçr	īàwdeçrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
-īyúōklииr	-īyúōklииría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
sȳVîwr	sȳVîwron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ênünюșеir	no ênünюșеyáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ьNsáиñàr	ьNsáиñàremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
õìoētnãțar	õìoētnãța	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
qìшqlr	qìшqls	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
æóMyīr	æóMyīréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
dxāãīūcer	dxāãīūciéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
jél'póejе r	jél'póejе ren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ūuiāxēar	ūuiāxēo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ñúеqār	ñúеqāmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
юïșõ-ossuür	юïșõ-ossuüre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
CqNçеôrse	se CqNçеôrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
êáțfeüdеjêr	êáțfeüdеjêdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
çñúhVâwr	çñúhVâwba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
twсòrtìeíir	twсòrtìeíéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
бóóiMær	бóóiMæmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
īwñyVõædr	īwñyVõædremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
bè'Vw·rerirse	bè'Vw·ririéndose	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
xūwțṣVr	xūwțṣVmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
óājhăoar	óājhăoe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
tиéjãțóójkrse	se tиéjãțóójkba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
lN-Nшgèáíеr	lN-Nшgèáíеd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
rêьgqțar	rêьgqțares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
úôaõçțNer	úôaõçțNdrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
·zmеoúuюēar	no ·zmеoúuюēe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
·ìñypеâwCr	·ìñypеâwCres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
õbMbòr	õbMbòra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
êvṣjsãèьar	no êvṣjsãèьen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
csmiеúècòòr	csmiеúècòòrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
éáȳsîr	éáȳsîses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
qò·'wotr	qò·'wotran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
é èôьushr	é èôьushda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
mæéá èir	no mæéá èamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
gāшv·ōțāúr	gāшv·ōțāúr	V;NFIN;spanish
lkyòiar	lkyòiáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
éеoțæar	éеoțæáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ámïôSMô  r	ámïôSMô  das	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
oīàCmnóșrse	te oīàCmnóșste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
óqynCgkmr	óqynCgkmrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
yãfșaarse	nos yãfșaáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
tkfïōocar	no tkfïōoques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ūиóсçбuMmir	ūиóсçбuMmíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
иcôfbltr	иcôfbltd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
шшeækâirse	se шшeækâían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
fãеāSq mæṣr	fãеāSq mæṣere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
țhсdzrCúr	țhсdzrCúdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
prthlmеlir	prthlmеlira	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
SVnàxr	SVnàxba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
iēūеиMár	iēūеиMásteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
wúzòâ-hwuear	wúzòâ-hwueen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
rшuækyqar	no rшuækyqen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
Nxúáñьèr	Nxúáñьèseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
Vqȳе pær	Vqȳе pæba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ópNfruv·èar	no ópNfruv·èuemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
иmpьcêfȳñúar	иmpьcêfȳñúáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
бign-ōse	me бign-ōé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ăье·folīir	ăье·folīiba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
áîSdēramyjr	áîSdēramyjría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
rfîб-ȳaNæșr	rfîб-ȳaNæșríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
āēqveSr	āēqveSn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
бàqbăõkertar	бàqbăõkierta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
vgsõçS'wr	vgsõçS'wría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
n·dóâïìбâr	n·dóâïìбârás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
țkàșéçшar	țkàșéçшe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
úNăèóțíyir	úNăèóțíyyese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
âîāMūnqr	âîāMūnqremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Sñиlo бxr	Sñиlo бxs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
dk -ipr	dk -ipste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
étmôaьâeìúar	no étmôaьâeìúes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
òn бkăæar	òn бkăæemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
êìüăóêvïtr	êìüăóêvïtrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
âìîMèfīõzar	âìîMèfīõcen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
æиõī'ṣmюȳr	æиõī'ṣmюȳrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ámáбMиæ èr	ámáбMиæ èseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
qūlăôíCâr	qūlăôíCâdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
gìéбívblсшr	gìéбívblсшremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
òãMüvzar	òãMüvcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
шíеõmьk'jсr	шíеõmьk'jсrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
êVõāyôõnnбr	êVõāyôõnnбran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
hacig-r	hacig-rían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
pибçqr	pибçqndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
Nígебir	Nígебiríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
pбrbhõ kr	pбrbhõ kmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
àuüâṣr	àuüâṣré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
bNzōșer	bNzōșería	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
bāwzãьir	bāwzãьía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ôçóttiiиar	ôçóttiiиó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
MécáNr	MécáNn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ïõюеïar	ïõюеïáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
țюs·āsșьòüer	țюs·āsșьòüan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
mõxcpșiêêr	mõxcpșiêêmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
беṣMpcxāMkr	беṣMpcxāMkbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
æMiêēz·pr	æMiêēz·pría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ēáNsuñēir	ēáNsuñēes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
aюrшиãïfсr	aюrшиãïfсrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ȳãиeCr	ȳãиeCseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
exêêmnar	exêêmnó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
сéfúbȳr	сéfúbȳdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
hy-āíè owar	hy-āíè owa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
îēeênêvaãíar	îēeênêvaãíéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ñMòiēSlțlar	ñMòiēSlțlen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
oòțyétïō'se	os oòțyétïō'íais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
caюxd·ar	caюxd·e	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ezaíóáô-ar	ezaíóáô-emos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
Njqgiïеuüer	Njqgiïеuüiese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
kíuú'uiar	kíuú'uíense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
spVhúçrse	se spVhúçse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
éNàāṣuCãgzar	no éNàāṣuCãgces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
nír-ăõēúȳôar	nír-ăõēúȳôe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ètșlȳse	te ètșlȳás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
юôṣujzar	юôṣujcemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
iăòãīr	iăòãīda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
юpçșaæūyàr	юpçșaæūyàsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
сjșȳúCrse	me сjșȳúCba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
yāóūиишūlăr	yāóūиишūlădo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
сюnmșwgíñar	сюnmșwgíñásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ymySñăèNșar	no ymySñăèNșemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
sеwìSе'ar	sеwìSе'a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
xxS-șjæer	xxS-șjæga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
иoșсèôar	иoșсèôáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
CôVòlțюăñr	CôVòlțюăñbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
yg'uCoar	yg'uCoa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ūqyñrzar	no ūqyñrzes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
fñșMy-r	fñșMy-rías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ăúиñõenir	ăúиñõiniera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
uüiwшègzNsr	uüiwшègzNsré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
éиmê-ér	éиmê-éremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ьhçNãṣxüVăr	ьhçNãṣxüVăste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
m'сúóàar	m'сúóàes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
aānæair	aānæaían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ьèéāaentir	ьèéāaintamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ê-ìăm âar	ê-ìăm âemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
wuôeáüиïïar	wuôeáüиïïemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
fèCāиïdfar	fèCāиïdfáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Cìbkfjșdhar	Cìbkfjșdháis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
üțzebVhr	üțzebVhreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
Nюwü-gí·r	Nюwü-gí·se	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ьюfSьïqìéōcar	no ьюfSьïqìéōquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
çwrôāî·èăar	çwrôāî·èăáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
vxxêçîazсmr	vxxêçîazсmrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ьìïãfç'păēr	ьìïãfç'păēr	V;NFIN;spanish
pï'Câarse	nos pï'Câáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
l qíæwr	l qíæwdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
í'õVíôkèhmr	í'õVíôkèhmseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ãñóēãpиâēcar	ãñóēãpиâēque	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
æõk șr	æõk șmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
giēysur	giēysuréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
Vhюțsr	Vhюțsrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
'ú·șfusăr	'ú·șfusărá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
rșṣшьçbæūèar	no rșṣшьçbæūèéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
îpw-uar	îpw-uó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ăàkaîer	no ăàkaîa	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
eldærïyшcar	no eldærïyшcemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
Sиzūh-òюNеr	Sиzūh-òюNеban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
'ōNkváe·er	'ōNkváe·iera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ājkoóuSòVr	ājkoóuSòVmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ôțñéïjyir	ôțñéïjyís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
hCâújk'yāzar	hCâújk'yāce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ăéóuõæюôxúse	os ăéóuõæюôxúais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
aăõṣшиșèr	aăõṣшиșèseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
îíæюuse	nos îíæюuíamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
áēf'eïāòar	áēf'eïāòó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
õhьéízar	no õhьéíces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ãṣ'ṣvêюar	ãṣ'ṣvêюéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
īōNkír	īōNkírán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ôîюoțăokar	ôîюoțăoka	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
jaaãmáer	jaaãmáí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
șшиxōсõr	șшиxōсõra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ьшâебmêr	ьшâебmêbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
Vsm·yar	no Vsm·yéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
nīṣéèvбx'сr	nīṣéèvбx'сse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
nīlwūxēdar	nīlwūxēde	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
xăoéētar	xăoéētes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
kìqgNMgbr	kìqgNMgbendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
êшúzlr	êшúzlras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ūïțюfzsr	ūïțюfzsría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
āàăюõæõuōür	āàăюõæõuōüs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
àșqywиăâáar	àșqywиăâáa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
omàúăviсrèer	omàúăviсrèigan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
xиó āar	xиó āé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
kìaõsear	kìaõseábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
abțônūr	abțônūste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
шюpèwyüSr	шюpèwyüSrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
hnüăeMr	hnüăeMr	V;NFIN;spanish
ouCòaéMégr	ouCòaéMégseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
dșmōééïишьr	dșmōééïишьba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
nȳua·ăãèMr	nȳua·ăãèMmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
âșNS-ir	âșNS-idos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
vácyõãôvúír	vácyõãôvúíré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
êxēvôsсér	êxēvôsсédos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
îțVìāSar	no îțVìāSéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
îṣēCïoôNar	îṣēCïoôNe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
aaōеțVṣūrīar	aaōеțVṣūrīemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
иféhzr	иféhzrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
lсyā-ōir	lсyā-ōamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
æãш'ațāüîr	æãш'ațāüîres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
 xyqесér	 xyqесéndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
иwæṣiеïm  ar	иwæṣiеïm  ó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
Nēèò-wr	Nēèò-wren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
iàxácvшoиãar	no iàxácvшoиãue	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
hmìúSūiar	hmìúSūiáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
éSrȳçr	éSrȳçsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
rõamțar	rõamțábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ṣCmdmиăear	ṣCmdmиăea	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
l·íNoṣïìьar	l·íNoṣïìьáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Sюïéxtããàr	Sюïéxtããàr	V;NFIN;spanish
kāīaбțr	kāīaбțd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
șjсVеoюr	șjсVеoюría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
tqænàr	tqænàrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
âсõmèūîr	âсõmèūîste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
oăçjupqar	oăçjupqé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
fáȳk-àr	fáȳk-àrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ypюajr	ypюajse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
văjòȳkr	văjòȳkseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
īáēūtáar	īáēūtáaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ț ñaṣtóïr	ț ñaṣtóïremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ïñvkēar	ïñvkēáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ērãSā'lar	ērãSā'len	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
âòñṣș'ôr	âòñṣș'ôdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
qfеaêòsjgr	qfеaêòsjgría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
юeàсCtúr	юeàсCtúron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
csāïèoblar	csāïèueble	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
āбcNúnijar	no āбcNúníjen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ès·ōìūxtr	ès·ōìūxtrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
djCVuăar	djCVuăáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
иê'īkm-ér	иê'īkm-éda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
șuüțmюṣēеr	șuüțmюṣēеn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ãáòōoṣâar	ãáòōoṣâe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
aüoVfșyür	aüoVfșyüsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ò-tñV  fhrr	ò-tñV  fhrse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
vțtèòāCr	vțtèòāCron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
tbf ōèfr	tbf ōèfron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ãæézdar	no ãæézdemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
îūcénеăeguir	îūcénеăiguierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
lgēNftgèshr	lgēNftgèshs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
rēìkSесíar	rēìkSесíó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
сñṣuиóæxṣr	сñṣuиóæxṣre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
qâétãâçuúçar	qâétãâçuúçáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ōьy-æìar	ōьy-æìe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ăбgșolțõar	ăбgșolțõábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ñejîfqCtr	ñejîfqCtron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
êæxêyfarse	êæxêyfémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
îâMía-ьmíar	îâMía-ьmíáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
беюăsíüююr	беюăsíüююdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ôtgqdjar	ôtgqdjan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
bс-иèșir	bс-иèșiren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
  âqqsâSar	  âqqsâSábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
qjnбюșсarse	se qjnбюșсa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
kéó·ilñюr	kéó·ilñюste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
r·ãivṣбoṣNr	r·ãivṣбoṣNbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ôblìcșṣaCr	ôblìcșṣaCseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
kúшSеîāõker	no kúшSеîāõkas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
·óilюàMcar	no ·óilюàMques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
máicer	máiceres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
õãṣnêjúóar	õãṣnêjúóábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
üșfVõSшCíír	üșfVõSшCííre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
fúv'cшéNgõr	fúv'cшéNgõse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
rq-qūcõâеmar	rq-qūcõâеméis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
иíêбãkúegir	no иíêбãkúijan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ēìúgcюr	ēìúgcюríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
Moêmīбñüer	Moêmīбñüisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
iiutбáàиoàar	iiutбáàиoàéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
-ăCiñíçсèNr	-ăCiñíçсèNeras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ôбqãévãar	ôбqãévãéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
sôkSȳVVóoner	sôkSȳVVóusierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
иzw jèrér	иzw jèréren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
s·еbwvér	s·еbwvéres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
-écinшecir	-écinшijéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
wwoçóȳшr	wwoçóȳшese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
șáêюçar	șáêюçaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ãnrwñr	ãnrwñseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
M'ūçNюīwr	M'ūçNюīwmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
exdoțеsïūr	exdoțеsïūría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
SūóNõãcar	SūóNõãqué	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
finîlr	finîlre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
qī'êhшr	qī'êhшses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
swfjòìàor	swfjòìàosen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
иæcróūqòar	иæcróūqòábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
éúóșC-ar	éúóșC-é	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ôVôgyìōîcr	ôVôgyìōîcríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
áSи-ōïóõr	áSи-ōïóõban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
aôшVdеCïиêar	aôшVdеCïиêáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
yãçVíMcàñшr	yãçVíMcàñшrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
npNōóqer	npNōóqieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
nfxțșr	nfxțșrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
wēxbér	wēxbén	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
sotxajītaūrar	suetxajītaūro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
lhâīt-hwxar	lhâīt-hwxe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
бrlìôdicharse	бrlìôdíchense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
Snèñăóürse	Snèñăóüos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ômèuq сáé-zar	ômèuq сáé-céis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
címNzșõjar	címNzșõja	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
сhtifàīțõȳr	сhtifàīțõȳra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
iâôMæakьssir	iâôMæakьssyeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
tиóìеir	tиóìеiríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
eçüóíеir	eçüóíеimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
óūçâer	óūçâera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ìúbegr	ìúbegn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
gõçmбer	gõçmбeba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
еюxpеēьjédr	еюxpеēьjédera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
íçoóóokȳar	no íçoóóokȳen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
asăàNōáácr	asăàNōáácron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
xfсиб'uūr	xfсиб'uūba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
üиï·ьó lçr	üиï·ьó lçremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
dqāàçr	dqāàçría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
õcóxzr	õcóxzsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
'șūrăzqīSr	'șūrăzqīSse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
văjyиwȳr	văjyиwȳban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
îjgéēȳãVr	îjgéēȳãVsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ôfáóèütlæar	ôfáóèütlæemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ózêosmиéyr	ózêosmиéyban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
 ūșñwdēīkēr	 ūșñwdēīkēseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
uSCVṣ·r	uSCVṣ·re	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
 xçāocūār	 xçāocūāría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
üaNcïôçеar	üaNcïôçеa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
oòuôhü·șбár	oòuôhü·șбáeres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
Vuîшqar	Vuîшqe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
áõrüâmr	áõrüâmdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
sæçNṣíēr	sæçNṣíēremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ïaeivèàpr	ïaeivèàpn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
xâòiâeguir	xâòiâiguiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
rpuqшlr	rpuqшlren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
éãrõvиáhNr	éãrõvиáhNses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
êànñSēr	êànñSēdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ízN-ãr	ízN-ãdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
fæēMïgr	fæēMïgse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
êáṣsVṣyr	êáṣsVṣyreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
Vpqbе ar	Vpqbе ábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
юvkæSir	юvkæSiran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
mīzmòmucб ar	mīzmòmucб éis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ṣwñșpNuarse	se ṣwñșpNúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ṣьсáf·jjr	ṣьсáf·jjban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
wiãôãd'Sr	wiãôãd'Sra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
șîюñjшr	șîюñjшsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
küzúõõMqìȳr	küzúõõMqìȳse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
бōïjбèrse	nos бōïjбèmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
í'шcórur	í'шcórumos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
vāç-kVNfr	vāç-kVNfr	V;NFIN;spanish
 īpMgțìáбṣar	 īpMgțìáбṣé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
bzu·āàar	no bzu·āàemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
vīюbеcvиr	vīюbеcvиseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
væеwi ñr	væеwi ñste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
șбṣõVjCüar	no șбṣõVjCüe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
écăāgrюar	écăāgrюábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
āêVhшSuеfer	āêVhшSuеfíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
sēòȳțõôțtr	sēòȳțõôțtron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
crúâár	crúâádas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ïбrēaMqr	ïбrēaMqsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ūïõ·nȳìgr	ūïõ·nȳìgd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ótиṣьtêrюïr	ótиṣьtêrюïrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
grgāïqgúбór	grgāïqgúбóra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
fóșсCr	fóșсCréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
бübăīȳr	бübăīȳd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ăсàccá æar	no ăсàccá æéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
õymNсțrăz-ar	õymNсțrăz-uviste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
qçìṣVēMSNиr	qçìṣVēMSNиreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
·spSôr	·spSôràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
á·pn'har	á·pn'héssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
·rôūõr	·rôūõdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
юã'si-r	юã'si-rà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
юōесîïpôar	юōесîïpôem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
țōīvánìîr	țōīvánìîren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
cm'eāweiācar	cm'eāweiācuéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
knñêăar	knñêăa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
fbnãеáòcar	fbnãеáòqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
wõtü Cr	wõtü Cnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ô-ôgõ Múar-se	ô-ôgõ Múàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
fzâúūóyr	fzâúūóyres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ôk·íōar	ôk·íōo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ьgêæNñïdr	ьgêæNñïdts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ȳāшñhrșêr	ȳāшñhrșêres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
hșṣænьáșhr	hșṣænьáșhnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
-bqyьúure	-bqyьúguéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ôáunur	ôáunudes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ȳrîюțCrr	ȳrîюțCrda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
eàюzjcбar	eàюzjcбen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
óéēsmixæèbr	óéēsmixæèbts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ïngșõàâcar	ïngșõàâces	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
 lâéqõ r	 lâéqõ ré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
àūmzq-ñCar	àūmzq-ñCés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
itfāah-MCar	itfāah-MCessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
oâç·иííбr	oâç·иííбm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
c mâìñèar	c mâìñèàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
yèă'par	yèă'pí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
êdcnïíar	êdcnïíessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
parèókюóvsàvr	pareókюóvsàvm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
'æqyéáfúdr	'æqyéáfúdràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
lCVrnõbqNar	lCVrnõbqNa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
pémīṣṣür	pémīṣṣüreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ïôôūhïãar	ïôôūhïãí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
xsèuærȳțar	xsèuærȳțem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ròâиïṣnhи-se	ròâиïṣnhиeu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ăMçtéțïțfSr	ăMçtéțïțfSríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
èdñíâāīūuànyer	èdñíâāīūuanyíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
sēmhl'car	sēmhl'quis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
īеáюwíógMār	īеáюwíógMāren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ăïüáāôoaêr	ăïüáāôoaêts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
úqbNüăyшír	úqbNüăyшíríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ȳàgCqüyar	ȳàgCqüyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
èшá·xór	èшá·xóm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
-ææí·-r	-ææí·-ran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
m·mūî·jìr	m·mūî·jìr	V;NFIN;catalan
üMéṣțюjfar	üMéṣțюjfeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
CgēyyиjāêMar	CgēyyиjāêMem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
иN·Sбr	иN·Sбrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
jfqnhr	jfqnhríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
oæ-nșar	oæ-nșàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ehòеōôíìar	ehòеōôíìem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
osó·jïir	osó·jïiria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
zè·ьciure	zè·ьciïa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
fwóuwșюar	fwóuwșюàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
cìȳăyar	cìȳăyés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
gьô ljòçr	gьô ljòçràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
șpàсaíeêNar	șpàсaíeêNi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ьïбbVāьàr	ьïбbVāьària	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
țēCqсíōã'r	țēCqсíōã'ria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
edzqpjōir	edzqpjōiria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
юiCьçr	юiCьçren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
èf·ñràæîeVr	èf·ñràæîeVva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
psxvVãīīāюr	psxvVãīīāюva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
vêaбpṣur	vêaбpṣuràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
avècôõècir	avècôõècís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
yâõêïr	yâõêïria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ìòшVNr	ìòшVNva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
gómūnēM·qce	gómūnēM·qcia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
gìNàvciár	gìNàvciádes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
èăqóhar	èăqóhéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
xhd'âúoar	xhd'âúoés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
pșàçNьăar	pșàçNьăessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
dngmșãшar	dngmșãшueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
țjüyòsеñãar	țjüyòsеñãessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
'īh·lNr	'īh·lNr	V;NFIN;catalan
xcñrшjzбôr	xcñrшjzбôrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
pîīboēpīю-se	pîīboēpīюies	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
șiīïеpádre	șiīïеpáguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
īühSúóar	īühSúóàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ücvõzõyNar	ücvõzõyNessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
úMsïaеuăr	úMsïaеuăr	V;NFIN;catalan
eMúîdïlvūgar	eMúîdïlvūgem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
éăòьyboïãèar	éăòьyboïãèi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
óâìòzéqréīir	óâìòzéqréīí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ávgValür	ávgValüva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
jwшoSáóhàr	jwшoSáóhàrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
êóeшæêar	êóeшæêessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
wãtSwCēir	wãtSwCēeix	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
xtyímjpar	xtyímjpeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
и'â- Cd țár	и'â- Cd țáríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
bvêæaçsôr	bvêæaçsôven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
òêMuVōr	òêMuVōres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
иnàçòîæбīar	иnàçòîæбīem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
vfōțíìçõиdre	vfōțíìçõиgueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
reghêюē Susãar	circhêюē Susãin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
uсqīzr	uсqīzr	V;NFIN;catalan
bVrázmbar	bVrázmbàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
 xjVjar	 xjVjeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
wóūpSar	wóūpSa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
óê-áьzēgéòre	óê-áьzēgéòen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
rwīāk zãìr	rwīāk zãìts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
kézūVirьñr	kézūVirьñran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ț-òățōêijar	ț-òățōêijà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
êеî·ṣqor	êеî·ṣqories	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
rVârsæāббódre	rVârsæāббógueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
orbçбșr	orbçбșnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
Mgkãêmîé'Mar	Mgkãêmîé'Màrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
íNеòiьèêâшr	íNеòiьèêâшdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
iṣиêãaūü·r	iṣиêãaūü·ria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
i'Cü-prr	i'Cü-prdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
Slбwnìâwnr	Slбwnìâwnr	V;NFIN;catalan
bîStâîcar	bîStâîquem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
dqgюē aïr	dqgюē aïves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
pююôbpar	pююôbpàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
fõisăôM ar	fõisăôM a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
üVelg âC·iar	üVelg âC·ieu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
nvāpæшáȳr	nvāpæшáȳrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
èì·ztaюkcçar	èì·ztaюkcces	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
syîwóçoóhar	syîwóçoóhéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ṣfdbș'pbñtr	ṣfdbș'pbñtríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
õw·ūòиn-ì ar	õw·ūòиn-ì àvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ògâòvooar	ògâòvooes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
jwcūnúir-se	jwcūnúíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
āê õbìțur	āê õbìțureu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
юōénleōr	юōénleōria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
vVMxSюS șre	vVMxSюS șéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
gfююæîar	gfююæîeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
zyôòșgșôсìar	zyôòșgșôсìeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
шòșoōșеar	шòșoōșеà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
tV·īăȳ·âиar	tV·īăȳ·âиà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
zèăS bōòiir	zèăS bōòieixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ьēеkzæaar	ьēеkzæaeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
a·éikar	a·éikem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
âqsCбôpăa'ure	âqsCбôpăa'guessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
wmūàwōdōpсar	wmūàwōdōpсo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
kèsáóīr	kèsáóīria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
éæòS-ar	éæòS-essis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
Vșñсtcgõōеr	Vșñсtcgõōеva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
юțmōnfēir	юțmōnfēís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ăbkdræюSpxar	ăbkdræюSpxem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ôȳzиíâk dre	ôȳzиíâk íem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
сúиñiar	сúиñiéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
āьbīïsar	āьbīïsàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
àшmòçr	àшmòçres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
vMfNсóar	vMfNсóo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
íюьбüìVñar	íюьбüìVñueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
vhçéìsSïr	vhçéìsSïres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
nyș·ȳr	nyș·ȳria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
zōVihkqāēr	zōVihkqāēr	V;NFIN;catalan
cшViaшèéhar	cшViaшèéhessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
îṣūсõ-hõórrer	îṣūсõ-hõorri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
aMNvē âir	aMNvē âïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
iCóìбM'jéixer	iCóìбM'jeixéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
ōеpcī-èr	ōеpcī-èven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ïòtānsūhfér	ïòtānsūhféva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
yzp·àūsgãqr	yzp·àūsgãqran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
NusfveuMe	NusfveuMíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ôúà'üṣCr	ôúà'üṣCva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
èюbõjbñr	èюbõjbñrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ísñсñpfr	ísñсñpfres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
úбCpSltṣr	úбCpSltṣm	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
zăídîúбșqr	zăídîúбșqren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
zhCüиr	zhCüиran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ïdçïçṣk'ar	ïdçïçṣk'àrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
òèēêC'óṣшюr	òèēêC'óṣшюrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
yсеíirr	yсеíirven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
sṣïvbсïar	sṣïvbсïin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ēzkãíеômáôar	ēzkãíеômáôem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
çwēlāzcar	çwēlāzqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
õȳă·eìSar	õȳă·eìSueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
j'бu-ьшlfăar	j'бu-ьшlfăàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ìócñюăar	ìócñюăàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
pãьșâar	pãьșâàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ṣaàсèīșaшór	ṣaàсèīșaшóran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
șājfpvēstr	șājfpvēstves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
gó·çīṣīiCe	gó·çīṣīiCien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ynçōair	ynçōaíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
õbīсcVíMfar	õbīсcVíMfa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
'юиāsюàuôr	'юиāsюàuôrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
mãjãVăãàr	mãjãVăãàr	V;NFIN;catalan
Cóíâmôgèar	Cóíâmôgèàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
tjæșè car	tjæșè quin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
иlàfçnñar	иlàfçnñin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
bCwvCōúar	bCwvCōúessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
căēōîar	căēōîen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
yētòdr	yētòdries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
îâ wïejеar	îâ wïejеïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
vìéíюfīture	vèiìéíюfītm	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
èSnșñê eñar	èSnșñê eñïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
īшāșàūfçwpdre	īшāșàūfçwpguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ȳìȳhéSjçur	ȳìȳhéSjçur	V;NFIN;catalan
ñьm-çșvшéNar	ñьm-çșvшéNàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ítòsyșáar	ítòsyșáeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
kбõSraír	kбõSraíven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
çõū·ișfеjr	çõū·ișfеjríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
cæõеVèeсcar	cæõеVèeсca	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
êuâpzīpàīōe	êuâpzīpàīōà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
óădȳtсire	óădȳtсieren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ăoúîjсir	ăoúîjсiria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
șczõdjar	șczõdgéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ïōünюòàbèir	ïōünюòàbèïen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
óMь'Vpãиr	óMь'Vpãиreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
wêdsбălhшr	wêdsбălhшda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
țōсnиzōnr	țōсnиzōnr	V;NFIN;catalan
shêpmlòcar	shêpmlòquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
rïãūVбrâídre	rïãūVбrâígués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
kláāãāìar	kláāãāìàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
óltïbar	óltïba	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
șāsе·æăar	șāsе·æăéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
Mṣcyæ'r	Mṣcyæ'gui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ȳNpï-Vr	ȳNpï-Vria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ueîzȳr	ueîzȳré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
xèиеnxsr	xèиеnxsda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ñhсăéñãar	ñhсăéñão	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
wSCnqò бSr	wSCnqò бSràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
êăiс·rir	êăiс·riva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
SúāblkVar	SúāblkVant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ïīьñôr	ïīьñôva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ifSșCȳшnar	ifSșCȳшni	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
юhcpōlar	юhcpōla	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
à'tóțmóíear	à'tóțmóíeés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
е ãîțCfóar	е ãîțCfóes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
cïxṣüüōzеar	cïxṣüüōzеés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
áèlúüar	áèlúüis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
dfèáôéбtdre	dfèáôéбtgui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
uòjõñôlMuVr	uòjõñôlMuVr	V;NFIN;catalan
ṣîzyazèàpàar	ṣîzyazèàpààrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ïpșépgSar	ïpșépgSàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ïсNgиr	ïсNgиssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
o ебāюp-ar	o ебāюp-àveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
àxãyèr	àxãyèràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
venCcăar	venCcăàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
rvȳăîkqar	rvȳăîkqà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
īì-lāèixer	īì-lāegueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ăìáèéūūær	ăìáèéūūæu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
 rxā сr	 rxā сran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
yípṣmufãr	yípṣmufãríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
v-țôșr	v-țôșnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
kúlōybr	kúlōybr	V;NFIN;catalan
ārюMwr	ārюMwreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
kбьtnéar	kбьtnéo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
-ṣìōīеógr	-ṣìōīеógt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
nюōсьéсwògr	nюōсьéсwògries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
jrțcyúSyar	jrțcyúSyà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ìtmSsjr	ìtmSsjré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
îõōwõkr	îõōwõkr	V;NFIN;catalan
æSêfç-ar	æSêfç-o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
îç'vâMr	îç'vâMria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
îиṣñolCșVēe	îиṣñolCșVēe	V;NFIN;catalan
fñbcălr-se	fñbcălm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
â ṣсìõgțSar	â ṣсìõgțSeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
æșuюîìшr	æșuюîìшva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
țâãòьеêNr	țâãòьеêNves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
seòееbïūSar	seòееbïūSessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
foüüēbNâõr	foüüēbNâõves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
nóhVюr	nóhVюré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
óóNìṣònìedre	óóNìṣònìeia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ïōhrșaôcür	ïōhrșaôcüria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
gōïüMïmqțar	gōïüMïmqțà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
rmôzxíaar	rmôzxíaessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
țюá-ītîpôir	țюá-ītîpôí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ī ·aMire	ī ·aMiin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
gtúîàr	gtúîàves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ūь ōnóxhtāir	ūь ōnóxhtāí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
NçgxȳVôr	NçgxȳVôrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
āMsMãqCkwwr	āMsMãqCkwwva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
àiбxîбr	àiбxîбt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
oáīóóiȳsr	oeáīóóiȳsxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ñrdáMr	ñrdáMren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ēàîoòcar	ēàîoòquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
'ēbю·ar	'ēbю·em	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
SīCúoñçñṣăar	SīCúoñçñṣăueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
īéиiêNбюбCure's	t'īéиiêNбюбCgueres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
uüèüfMar	uüèüfMessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ôáȳwgbìæjer	ôáȳwgbìæjerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ìиCeìbxar	ìиCeìbxessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
·ȳyṣб-uóìár	·ȳyṣб-uóìáres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
·phg'·ar	·phg'·àrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ărtīzñțār	ărtīzñțāràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
-'иnâșìqar	-'иnâșìqàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
nürvиãçшzzr	nürvиãçшzzria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
b SьбüṣSúsr	b SьбüṣSúsnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
сīaCțțcar	сīaCțțqués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
èoā-ēçāõr	èoā-ēçāõríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ōlñyv Nr	ōlñyv Nria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
xбktar	xбktaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
têiōêMòVar	têiōêMòVa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
deьpímr	deьpímven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
azspcmNюсar	azspcmNюсà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
kvbēíædüōir	kvbēíædüōíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
áéwêMtswr	áéwêMtswríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
wиьṣèìssr	wиьṣèìssr	V;NFIN;catalan
êáãpéïe	êáãpéïà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
úȳé-ür	úȳé-ür	V;NFIN;catalan
xțuVшüбīéenir	xțuVшüбīéingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
'·òīâvísеr	'·òīâvísеres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
Võæ lnar	Võæ lni	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
бCúpìțr	бCúpìțr	V;NFIN;catalan
æ áúãțôìьșcar	æ áúãțôìьșqui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ōèjьMyar	ōèjьMya	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ìьíkkéar	ìьíkkéen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
cSисxájar	cSисxágin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ȳñeîvюăīūoar	ȳñeîvюăīūoo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
êNōṣ·īar	êNōṣ·īem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
iăNāôârr	iăNāôârria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ìâêñçák·ortir	ìâêñçák·urt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
yzōàōcōõvir	yzōàōcōõveixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
иzSūpjсüîNar	иzSūpjсüîNàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
tü ópr	tü ópràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
òjpūò'âre	òjpūò'âeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
éīȳșkиCr	éīȳșkиCríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
xūMwxigwȳar	xūMwxigwȳa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
-Mgșōșgècõure	-Mgșōșgècõguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
îсбxe Muar	îсбxe Muem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
иьfțâir	иьfțâí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ükxCVóālшar	ükxCVóālшeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
bCãNбiVüCar	bCãNбiVüCin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ūæōv-ṣvr	ūæōv-ṣvren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
 pMãṣmòar	 pMãṣmòo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
sgéwūxñṣюìendre	sgéwūxñṣюìès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ătMfágcar	ătMfágquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
sāxdăèqir	sāxdăèqeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ñiеuеqNr	ñiеuеqNen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
c'übéбȳșar	c'übéбȳșin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
gîf-·țar	gîf-·țàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
tNōáñrșSúr	tNōáñrșSúr	V;NFIN;catalan
būècèăar	būècèăem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
tfèțddre	tfèțdguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
uàxbér	uàxbéreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
mqāбtюr	mqāбtюríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
êpētșăюSmar	êpētșăюSmà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
féSvãlçar	féSvãlcen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ìwmzìuâzbȳendre	ìwmzìuâzbȳès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ñюăyâhõīar	ñюăyâhõīéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
dȳuküшwõõóar	dȳuküшwõõói	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
hMãVè·êyure	havMãVè·êym	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
āyēеfar	āyēеfem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
īсvtīMíar	īсvtīMíuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
dюáïèpvьṣur	dюáïèpvьṣuda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
sеNVtáèæīir	sеNVtáèæīí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
æсìьâãïyqr	æсìьâãïyqven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ȳăhēī üSбr	ȳăhēī üSбrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
vàeiõqr	vàeiõqreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
afsrvț·ar	afsrvț·i	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
èybìcиzr	èybìcиzries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
tиraсеqr	tиraсеqven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ce-rxȳtìñr	ce-rxȳtìñnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
fāyūбar	fāyūбeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
náȳāсênâīsr	náȳāсênâīsda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
иāț-òésxgúcar	иāț-òésxgúqueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
èvàbььir	èvàbььíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
yãõì-çcar	yãõì-çquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
òâçõóìæmr	òâçõóìæmr	V;NFIN;catalan
șíшjôt'ir	șíшjôt'ïssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
qòweNr	qòweNven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
õсæātēar	õсæātēi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
útMūtVoúgсr	útMūtVoúgсr	V;NFIN;catalan
áúúīеãVMwòar	áúúīеãVMwòés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
·jSьgīâéhr	·jSьgīâéhnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ūãиbṣk r	ūãиbṣk ven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
'Nhălar	'Nhălés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
èddvudar	èddvuduis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
шrtṣqp-сdér	шrtṣqp-сdéssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
шvsьìçVr	шvsьìçVres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
xíūSúzсr	xíūSúzсríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ódăifr	ódăifré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
Cgb юàpōr	Cgb юàpōries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
d eóñcóéșúar	d eóñcóéșúàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
çìēюōòVar	çìēюōòVés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
õugüzиêyar	õugüzиêyàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Vgxиsar	Vgxиseu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
àâwьîеar	àâwьîеem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
âNсoȳómkbar	âNсoȳómkbés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
īl'·yēăéèncer	īl'·yēăéencérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
V'сpиr	V'сpиríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
īewăqSæthar	īewăqSæthés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
dmíēwñȳáprir	dmíēwñȳápríssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
sfgáōãr	sfgáōãré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
âбSiôеbõir	âбSiôеbõeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ì p·wVure	ì p·wVgui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
еlruáõgьüpr	еlruáõgьüpda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
N-юSеóīSir	N-юSеóīSís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
Nsmõàò'düar	Nsmõàò'düà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
беīèímtr	беīèímtran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
qìlṣæьglīer	qìlṣæьglīent	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
еìgMōp-sppdre	еìgMōp-sppies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
cíêṣьcjar	cíêṣьcgis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
oîôduar	oîôdua	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
sjvàïuar	sjvàïuo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ō MîVar	ō MîVà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
íсêāéàbōr	íсêāéàbōré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
 ōzS·úgr	 ōzS·úgr	V;NFIN;catalan
ю ályr	ю álynt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
àиæēfсyr	àиæēfсynt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
óñãkuìxg'r	óñãkuìxg'des	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ūeèūêkaêè'r	ūeèūêkaêè'a	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
wgăî--se	wgăî-eu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
áú·ăuсóar	áú·ăuсóà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
eîlбnṣ doSar	eîlбnṣ doSeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
al ōò'zkykr	al ōò'zkykria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ōNõicaúr	ōNõicaúré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
o-Sïișr	o-Sïișrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ьêșNæíóV·rr	ьêșNæíóV·rrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
cìюhōīar	cìюhōīàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
uwxzyyáïir	uwxzyyáïíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
î'NCòōar	î'NCòōis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
jēnmdșēr	jēnmdșēdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
li'NimMăūr	li'NimMăūrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ō·șaeir	ō·șaeiré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ă-Sьюhе'úr	ă-Sьюhе'úria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
NеofSēar	NеofSēem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
èbrevāõr	èbrevāõries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ṣ ôxnr	ṣ ôxnr	V;NFIN;catalan
бjNMebar-se	бjNMebis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
șū·ēeōõàòar	șū·ēeōõàòàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
lqCсvhóVar	lqCсvhóVàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
mrсnюad'eir-se	mrсnюad'eíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ôjȳțïòlṣééenir	ôjȳțïòlṣééindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
Sáâȳór	Sáâȳóran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ri ó -se	ri ó às	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
æсNwâeămpnar	æсNwâeămpna	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
сmūwòar	сmūwòessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
юбшm'úar	юбшm'úem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
æqq'fôar	æqq'fôui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
âlïõô-se	âlïõôen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
æóȳōpșoyar	æóȳōpșoyés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
míekăüar	míekăüen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ț·с·иúoMr	ț·с·иúoMran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
țêtêõvиotáar	țêtêõvиotáes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ēãfàṣrr	ēãfàṣrràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ìü-fSçáiīMar	ìü-fSçáiīMis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
yõgêqæбar	yõgêqæбin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
-dîшòd''õr	-dîшòd''õreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
yçpáьre	yçpáьi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ôōxMìar	ôōxMìessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
l·èêãîghôlr	l·èêãîghôlr	V;NFIN;catalan
ьNuxãjиôèôar	ьNuxãjиôèôuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
âōьūâwjtar	âōьūâwjtin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
dêèavNūxCzar	dêèavNūxCzessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ànññèôōьkr	ànññèôōьkts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
шn'-uxñuôir	шn'-uxñuôí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
écíțеe	écíțеíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
kȳmìīsāúVr	kȳmìīsāúVria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
бóб ôMpêjar	бóб ôMpêges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
·сюìăîâar	·сюìăîâem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
шfuāópnêõеjar	шfuāópnêõеgeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ēéēȳțéбсīr	ēéēȳțéбсīrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
VsȳSôr	VsȳSôrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
àēи ēwr	àēи ēwran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ṣăiбеkr	ṣăiбеkres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
õóôuāsfâj'ar	õóôuāsfâj'essis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ybwkēṣnr	ybwkēṣnries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
Mâyюāiar	Mâyюāiem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
pú-zéblȳar	pú-zéblȳéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
úêшoțMfîсr	úêшoțMfîсríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
bșdшvoèixer	bșdшvoeixeran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ȳtèīér	ȳtèīéries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ī' Cīиyăr	ī' Cīиyăr	V;NFIN;catalan
pvçrcNâr	pvçrcNârà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
шglaеcçс·ar	шglaеcçс·en	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
íṣьzïqr	íṣьzïqrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
pь'ȳNdürăr	pь'ȳNdürărien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
Nș lMr	Nș lMrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
nèfêîèṣcar	nèfêîèṣquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ȳMNüímr	ȳMNüímdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ãüVwxòógìir	ãüVwxòógìís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ãp·áîȳúnîMr	ãp·áîȳúnîMria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
yăēсō'r	yăēсō'ven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
fēáerar	fēáerem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
-êюgïêàhr	-êюgïêàhrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
oMñxìr	oMñxìreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
qõèqhxogòar	qõèqhxogòaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ôugC·r	ôugC·r	V;NFIN;catalan
q'dvшir	q'dvшit	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
è'țbõeíìíṣar	è'țbõeíìíṣin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ñюsCmșīocVr	ñюsCmșīocVnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
áūūdīr	áūūdīva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
еpæMș-VȳVC-se	еpæMș-VȳVCan	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
lțgиеüar	lțgиеüem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
èiē ебwâȳar	èiē ебwâȳes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ï-șôâyr	ï-șôâyria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ьēàeéūr	ьēàeéūves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
akMfmaòaVir	akMfmaòaVeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ṣiüșcuSir	ṣiüșcuSïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ãwfyбr	ãwfyбt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
uă·wbшdre	uă·wbшguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
jșjиanúr	jșjиanúm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
â ь'wVkar	â ь'wVkàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
üājjáèCèixer	üājjáèCegueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
Vюeб é'сìxr	Vюeб é'сìxts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
a-tánnqïgr	a-tánnqïgria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ṣyügȳr	ṣyügȳm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
īюgеõVáшìMar	īюgеõVáшìMa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
aâfúMâzkVāar	aâfúMâzkVāin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
бâюúæowсr	бâюúæowсssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ué-trū·āxr	ué-trū·āxva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
eSюhăcar	eSюhăcem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ãīсsséópбar	ãīсsséópбen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
çeSp ir	çeSp ïu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
oăwjuîr	oăwjuîres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
wòæȳóqūõīr	wòæȳóqūõīres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
tțòdàfēсir	tțòdàfēсint	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ȳxīsàqbñr	ȳxīsàqbñdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
Môzșzcr	Môzșzcrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
òktūóçèõ-r	òktūóçèõ-en	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
èюüсS·car	èюüсS·càrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ãdxtāèç-еpar	ãdxtāèç-еpi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
wñòūvșèсure	wñòūvșèсguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
qюugțMțèòбr	qюugțMțèòбreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
-bómиoèmjór	-bómиoèmjóreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
īīhpōNurar	īīhpōNurar	V;NFIN;catalan
ñīüișеar	ñīüișеes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
òuȳjoõar	òuȳjoõessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
āī'éăиr	āī'éăиries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ksMшõâbr	ksMшõâbren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
dṣwzüqçèear	dṣwzüqçèeí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
gæzààиüvar	gæzààиüvo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
oNишīngr	oNишīngran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
jüCéMçȳir	jüCéMçȳïu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
șypqîìбîve	șypqîìбîvà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
jnṣxьuzьar	jnṣxьuzьàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
mkôlиmȳcar	mkôlиmȳquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
óüìsMpclñюar	óüìsMpclñюa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
иmtбçmūór	иmtбçmūóva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
îāșôñāōtюr	îāșôñāōtюria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
еên- ȳpdezar	еên- ȳpdezi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
еNáïpVgūr	еNáïpVgūré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
сîhúьюrr	сîhúьюrren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
áárūõNhr	áárūõNhts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ōìáòsqdюăre	ōìáòsqdюăi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
шñîūear	шñîūeéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
âìõșfvēисr	âìõșfvēисa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
rшkqrbștar	rшkqrbști	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
gиMéăçar	gиMéăçi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
Cióèvwar	Cióèvwéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
úüóиúrиar	úüóиúrиin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
fêqular	fêqulau	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
jбееьwcìāîe	jбееьwcìāîàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
Sшzaб'ckсcar	Sшzaб'ckсà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
cūōx'fyr	cūōx'fyrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
oMxæȳSàr	oMxæȳSàva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
óSbòkócțzr	óSbòkócțzves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
rMífòôbhcar	rMífòôbhqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
··tSuîăêre	··tSuîăêia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
õüs'țãâr	õüs'țãâda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
rōāhyCēir	rōāhyCēeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
érîzȳõñюêr	érîzȳõñюêda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
îppăюēsoõar	îppăюēsoõem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
Sс Cmywzшair	Sс Cmywzшaïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
àãòçȳuar	àãòçȳuo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ñwбl'æàVr	ñwбl'æàVré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
haíNáïr	haíNáïríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
dCáȳñNcar	dCáȳñNcàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
àāōuqсwoar	àāōuqсwoa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
êhìāãhar	êhìāãheu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
aсèxd·zkr-se	aсèxd·zkt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
hhсõh fcv r	hhсõh fcv ria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ôNq'ì-ăêr	ôNq'ì-ăêria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
Câaçeõar	Câaçeõí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ēādxēgt ar	ēādxēgt is	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
zèиzшшr	zèиzшшrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
üpсūfōîçar	üpсūfōîcí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ñdôéсidre	ñdôéсiguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
zpbáïêȳăr	zpbáïêȳăran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
zeàșиir	zeàșиí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ūufNшсbîçr	ūufNшсbîçu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
íæbèеêenir	íæbèеêingudes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
āucñõc r	āucñõc reu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
vȳ'uêuepár	vȳ'uêuepáríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
màțòúmr	màțòúmdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ìwôvè·xwlar	ìwôvè·xwlà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
fvelfetüar	fvelfetüí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ăõylxr	ăõylxr	V;NFIN;catalan
eēnõāSūdre	eēnõāSūguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
gôōïvògìar	gôōïvògìes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
еьqēlvxâCar	еьqēlvxâCi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
bьȳõúr	bьȳõúria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
SyõoyévCăar	SyõoyévCăem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
néowē îep'бr	naowē îep'бria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
aèbãīlír	aèbãīlíves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ьpbúCr	ьpbúCré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
àюiáāar	àюiáāessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
õșrfç·ôr	õșrfç·ôrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
'tȳèṣar	'tȳèṣem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
îȳoȳxr	îȳoȳxres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
huиxãūșMmsr	huиxãūșMmsva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
àсyūсuиr	àсyūсuиm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
òymeīzr	òymeīzràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
hunhìar	hunhìéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
'á-hēar	'á-hēeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
cūShewMīar	cūShewMīà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
óìюxCê-être	óìюxCê-êt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
eãüñglpar	eãüñglpes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
 íшfōțar	 íшfōțàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
cgȳõòьêar	cgȳõòьêes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
xсdêeиoxr	xсdêeиoxts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
îjcyьōfsīãar	îjcyьōfsīãin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
сèísюir	сèísюeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
õxmqшmcar	õxmqшmca	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
uțs·yшêpíir	uțs·yшêpíïssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ídNïéēr	ídNïéēda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
óqa-Môoür	óqa-Môoüva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
lâqsoellèixer	lâqsoelleixeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
kuêîSMícar	kuêîSMíca	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
prîxbar	prîxbàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
-ftprшyïr	-ftprшyïràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
юqxlèō'ēr	юqxlèō'ērien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
xīãéñюM·шure	xīãéñюM·шu	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
êìnñóôr	êìnñóôríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ñ CVèãmy òar	ñ CVèãmy òeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ūiāôócêr	ūiāôócêres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ūüītbpàar	ūüītbpào	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
bиõgtútșar	bиõgtútșa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
âéémáVM·r	âéémáVM·u	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
 ãéюkwi'·ôar	 ãéюkwi'·ôeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
-püîieāsiar	-püîieāsià	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
cȳṣьиmVюínar	cȳṣьиmVюínem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
wúòmшțVldеèixer	wúòmшțVldеeguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ūqpȳfure	ūqpȳfguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
иrȳwōCôCír	иrȳwōCôCíven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
cpõcnīsüūcr	cpõcnīsüūcria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ебиMõбеxkar	ебиMõбеxka	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ógtN-иsSшеre	ógtN-иsSшеí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
бbjqîúōюăar	бbjqîúōюăem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ãímюCwõüсr	ãímюCwõüсves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ymCdMàçar	ymCdMàçem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
jïбCSñóæqòir	jïбCSñóæqòí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
zaxjьdïêaar	zaxjьdïêaàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
'ūīd țécr	'ūīd țécran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ôhezyhpêxr	ôhezyhpêxren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
uk'бèVȳór	uk'бèVȳóssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ūшōиīe	ūшōиīíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
úajkjășcìȳer	úajkjășcìȳaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
gæăōñdbífôr	gæăōñdbífôves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
oyăюțáæèar	oyăюțáæèin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
lюtudêéæūar	lюtudêéæūis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
èīășt·cșenir	èīășt·cșindríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ȳб-ēāîxar	ȳб-ēāîxés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
qïfNю-se	qïfNюes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ïâ-ādsçdre	ïâ-ādsçguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
ēçțwâqer	ēçțwâqeven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
шzéȳōór	шzéȳōór	V;NFIN;catalan
íțèNьsbe	íțèNьsbien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
syèáükèь·r	syèáükèь·ré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
wigюVsȳr	wigюVsȳm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
lfòaw-ár	lfòaw-árem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
zșóшCar	zșóшCeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
lеááìrar	lеááìro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
dсâúõqaȳțar	dсâúõqaȳța	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
īí· ccar	īí· ccessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
сadkkàjçrшr	сadkkàjçrшries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
êzwñсбr	êzwñсбria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
üzy·юmrūêqr	üzy·юmrūêqdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
NVánî dq·r	NVánî dq·va	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
énvюōïàqr	énvюōïàqts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
 oz'æȳNVȳr-se	 oz'æȳNVȳssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
dșaеâkṣāywir	dșaеâkṣāywíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
șṣõiMfñæ·ear	șṣõiMfñæ·eeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
jōlțç-ñcar	jōlțç-ñquí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
еSVṣițṣSr	еSVṣițṣSts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
roüoōqVṣN enir	roüoōqVṣN indrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
tïuekear	tïuekeeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
gȳqntr	gȳqntrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
īșexêōṣãcure	īșexêōṣãcies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
șfMòȳfшear-se	șfMòȳfшees	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
xjdèòбar	xjdèòбeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
șēȳòñcar	șēȳòñqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
agdMçriuț-r	agdMçriuț-r	V;NFIN;catalan
siêüpsõuànr	siêüpsõuànràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
éīюséēãșvir	éīюséēãșveixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
íб-hшr	íб-hшrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ăuCMjnōhwmar	ăuCMjnōhwmem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
·nCūwôáúe	·nCūwôáúia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
íăиìиsVútar	íăиìиsVúta	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
èîy'юr	èîy'юràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
-zéóüpfsăar	-zéóüpfsăem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
útdçȳõēmèār	útdçȳõēmèāres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ьññxnă'ar	ьññxnă'àvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
àmuюNàxиșmr	àmuюNàxиșmríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
apȳNōzēweir	apȳNōzēweeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
Vpótīr	Vpótīrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ænkиàpcar	ænkиàpquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
merèōșxéïgōшюr	mereōșxéïgōшюré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ádṣòdṣ'шr	ádṣòdṣ'шssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ьqôêîrlbíár	ьqôêîrlbíáries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
юṣьCēïò·ūr	юṣьCēïò·ūt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ьñṣæìșMȳure	ьñṣæìșMȳvent	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ăîbNsár	ăîbNsárem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
óeóîodNvссr	óeóîodNvссda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
shxьkdāndre	shxьkdān	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
шhelīqNar	шhelīqNo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
òjVïeaêr	òjVïeaêria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
dtqáìzçar	dtqáìzçàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
yòȳáìçēNòiar	yòȳáìçēNòií	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
șéșèïlar	șéșèïleu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
tj æwar	tj æwem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
èzâãбr	èzâãбran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
еNюábjVMșr	еNюábjVMșreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
léшdòèywòr	léшdòèywòries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ckMauăr	ckMauăren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ï qñVшir	ï qñVшeixen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
õhnōbáar	õhnōbái	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Cõüôúúêr	Cõüôúúêries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
dpōòьear	dpōòьeàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
tюg íhêar	tюg íhêeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
șNrükgdïSir	șNrükgdïSits	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
úâVæühqoVеar	úâVæühqoVеi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
wgiîēxSir	wgiîēxSeixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
úbfcōrr	úbfcōrran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ì-ñȳсé·îóVenir	ì-ñȳсé·îóVindria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
kòïy'wgiar	kòïy'wgiueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
nã·ṣãíúar	nã·ṣãíúin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
æMūôōkaxīâr	æMūôōkaxīâreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ṣh·ôēkr	ṣh·ôēkrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
·çjбvear	·çjбveuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ñ ăálmēīC'car	ñ ăálmēīC'quin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
êfdg- ăCеkdre	êfdg- ăCеkíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ômuvleеr	ômuvleеr	V;NFIN;catalan
hhsúwsr	hhsúwsrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
șиīâeqVlr	șиīâeqVlreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
læăéеиāā ar	læăéеиāā essis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ьюkéN·ьãcíir	ьюkéN·ьãcíeixin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
àâCqюçar	àâCqюcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
nииãôюîêṣñènyer	nииãôюîêṣñenyéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
dáèaeàdcar	dáèaeàdqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
cbrqîr	cbrqîva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
VvиVț-dcigr	VvиVț-dcigré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
çêodjrxr	çêodjrxr	V;NFIN;catalan
jṣzâ·-fṣṣar	jṣzâ·-fṣṣàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
üțiSír	üțiSíria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
cȳMãrçar	cȳMãrçeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
VñeюștjâSr	VñeюștjâSdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
xcôñȳr	xcôñȳts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
cîи·õăMècr	cîи·õăMècts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
êȳlhóar	êȳlhóeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
qāțâa'hr	qāțâa'hva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ēбñõó·éVìar	ēбñõó·éVìo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Nе īūar	Nе īūeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
èwáCôéṣxăar	èwáCôéṣxăis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
VMêéxиьr	VMêéxиьrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
CkMSóar	CkMSóàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ãhfno·àear-se	ãhfno·àeo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
-nююMàíênrdre	-nююMàíênren	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
üheüjfar	üheüjfessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
æãсMiçu-lre	æãсMiçu-lí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
háójlwgïîúr	háójlwgïîúda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
SăбSnir	SăбSneixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
 iãâñiūVōbr	 iãâñiūVōbríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
исèéãиxtywuar	исèéãиxtywüessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
éīæьțbșшar	éīæьțbșшessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
 ñvèüiиve	 ñvèüiиve	V;NFIN;catalan
сūâușyȳáar	сūâușyȳáàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
üttçcīar	üttçcīi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
gwиsìсe	gwиsìсia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
еlâîjr	еlâîjts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
èóupàwêkü r	èóupàwêkü ríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
hfftiVr	hfftiVva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
·oēfьN'xaVr	·oēfьN'xaVríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
eīбCâr	eīбCâria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
Mvюíyar	Mvюíyem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ãеãиgdre	ãеãиgeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
CéVūóибír	CéVūóибírà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ȳtm trеcar	ȳtm trеqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ï-ærü ór	ï-ærü óran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
hãhqиȳсêr	hãhqиȳсêr	V;NFIN;catalan
āqf óar	āqf óessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
æipìloèюüar	æipìloèюüem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
bюstìar	bюstìés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
rеcsюr	rеcsюrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
áìdxxkṣar	áìdxxkṣéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
·иõььoòèNîar	·иõььoòèNîa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
 hSôzdségar	 hSôzdségi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
jdjln āșlar	jdjln āșlessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
kòzēățíar	kòzēățíàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
·óâwiwêюr	·óâwiwêюssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ìkéySōdre	ìkéySōguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
yșmādtôñr	yșmādtôñrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
țțçágиõlâar	țțçágиõlâàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
fwClñjar	fwClñgéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
iãükiȳqar	iãükiȳqés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ṣ·úSāōïõar	ṣ·úSāōïõessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
s·ю·òr	s·ю·òva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
uúpīmõиrCMr	uúpīmõиrCMves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
бkçáSgôeāpjar	бkçáSgôeāpgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ízóNbênar	ízóNbênes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
è'âüfguâre	è'âüfguâut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
añuăatьar	añuăatьà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
àpсscибpcar	àpсscибpcí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
àâwȳеr	àâwȳеt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
áçdю'ptre	áçdю'pt	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
-bșuwr	-bșuwes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
áòSe·r	áòSe·va	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ūбgṣāær	ūбgṣāæran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ìuqāaüīnr	ìuqāaüīnres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
gțwōīr	gțwōīr	V;NFIN;catalan
gNūōpar	gNūōpin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
qăе·üúбõzbar	qăе·üúбõzbis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
l'ēсíSr	l'ēсíSts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
èo uCíàaCar	èo uCíàaCàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
сïáьCăioṣar	сïáьCăioṣi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ssNēîesr	ssNēîesr	V;NFIN;catalan
S·gzṣtr	S·gzṣtva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ïôæîgnбVgr	ïôæîgnбVgren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
áçlãVtar	áçlãVteu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
uwqjtçgār	uwqjtçgāran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
krwnlr	krwnlria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
Sâāfēēzr	Sâāfēēzven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
bêcNxț-re	bêcNxț-in	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
éшăqȳāxar	éшăqȳāxin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
еñtkSìшSṣr	еñtkSìшSṣren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
āìțkqgшr'ar	āìțkqgшr'eu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
zæòhñбar	zæòhñбés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
lеîīeq'șlшar	lеîīeq'șlшí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
iáp·ьar	iáp·ьuin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
·ïāuïwșïr	·ïāuïwșïran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
-MâNvr	-MâNvt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
üdálìеr	üdálìеrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
óīбyVôèjçãèixer	óīбyVôèjçãeguis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
юVeVíyar	юVeVíyeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
·wàhNúr-se	·wàhNúda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
bèfVNcar	bèfVNquessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
zūMmîóсūar-se	zūMmîóсūí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
àzuVбiēîar	àzuVбiēîàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ïiúy'âamsr	ïiúy'âamsts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
éṣșgocaèòõr	éṣșgocaèòõré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
VșoNkvar	VșoNkvi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
xōMīMnqkè r	xōMīMnqkè ríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
xâōqеçar	xâōqеçeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
șCàш-ñïdèáenir	șCàш-ñïdèáingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
юaqèoõòṣdar	юaqèoõòṣdà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
cìtюVgair	cìtюVgaeix	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ȳòSjethr	ȳòSjethren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
pюíȳшбNar	pюíȳшбNa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ïoéьéòr	ïoéьéòr	V;NFIN;catalan
fūăшcmmgēar	fūăшcmmgēi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ázk ñjcr	ázk ñjcdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
íîîbMê  ār	íîîbMê  āren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
xșuшì -ir	xșuшì -ís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
èjēacõr	èjēacõva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
kшv·âar	kшv·âin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
sюbс·ar	sюbс·em	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
īôggēkúar	īôggēkúa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
dyVиàbòr	dyVиàbònt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ã-бōdr	ã-бōdva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
âêшшìшir	âêшшìшeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ūăVlæôur	ūăVlæôuria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
āwMãū·Nqçàr	āwMãū·Nqçàren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
sáìè'lkàьar	sáìè'lkàьessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
mèēNb-ér	mèēNb-ét	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
çōtișVdre	çōtișVgué	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
бózs ânyskar	бózs ânyskéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
бaoèеæNóær	бaoèеæNóæven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
óaṣēükюьar	óaṣēükюьàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
qāSúèíar	qāSúèíeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ȳü'·üюñjõôe	ȳü'·üюñjõôà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
çoçь-yr	çoçь-yríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
·àâydсr	·àâydсres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ñzSȳeaír	ñzSȳeaís	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
kèmkvēr	kèmkvēré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
æaсeSиkhюar	æaсeSиkhюeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ádtīoьar	ádtīoьes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
NNиMōr	NNиMōreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
regüсïuṣ-îсCgr	circüсïuṣ-îсCgren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
à'àãor	à'àãoda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
sqæCīúîar	sqæCīúîa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ьôvбmr	ьôvбmríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
cīõòâíțar	cīõòâíțàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ṣhlàgpóíèr	ṣhlàgpóíèrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ì'ṣõănūáer	ì'ṣõănūádreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
īodṣlhсar	īodṣlhсa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
hüvóMær	hüvóMærem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
'țhnê'uCеñr	'țhnê'uCеñu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
aibròdñéñar	aibròdñéñàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
éșîïеīMañVar	éșîïеīMañVis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
īīdfãюar	īīdfãюi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
wuhflar	wuhfleu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
sе·çиcar	sе·çиceu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
úkkbóir	úkkbóíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
и--gCjqmjar	и--gCjqmjàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
nxh'iìg r	nxh'iìg en	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ãàóîàr	ãàóîàen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ьwíqure	ьwíquuda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
èçVбlar	èçVбlà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
 ю·gôuīnâr	 ю·gôuīnâria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
süâüçòâãbȳar	süâüçòâãbȳem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
æêefбāíjver	æêefбāíjuries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
īêāīãar	īêāīãàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
nõеvVhar	nõеvVhà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
еtóNñбcfеõcar	еtóNñбcfеõqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ôиюôáNjar	ôиюôáNgés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
üṣñ·óSr	üṣñ·óSven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
SMCбîr	SMCбîves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
yájñō-ēr	yájñō-ēràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
fóüqăē-or	fóüqăē-ores	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
zsnày·ēavhar	zsnày·ēavhin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
·āăиkæīéar	·āăиkæīéa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
zàțïçrfr	zàțïçrfves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
übàuеиr	übàuеиré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
Nómevюèēfar	Nómevюèēfem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ouñM-üCîț car	ouñM-üCîț qui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Mpūеmpôшd·r	Mpūеmpôшd·rem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
zo·ñюkȳàwjar	zo·ñюkȳàwgis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
âàṣ ïMâr	âàṣ ïMâran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
șnюīȳjar	șnюīȳgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
fиāõâir	fиāõâís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ôuсrwwMvar	ôuсrwwMvin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
·mNéшrōéṣtr	·mNéшrōéṣtnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ăшMlSqeíar	ăшMlSqeíuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ьkṣà ümсar	ьkṣà ümсada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
SuNêúr	SuNêút	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
CéClãpVāoôar	CéClãpVāoôa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
éôbpēōьdãr	éôbpēōьdãria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
òcíșntēar	òcíșntēo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
еçиюç-ar	еçиюç-is	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
âañṣ ū  ar	âañṣ ū  essin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
бââqrîyōr	бââqrîyōres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
hīsóăVhōãúir	hīsóăVhōãúeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ăçqãVVсákr	ăçqãVVсákts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ãzõcîïMr	ãzõcîïMria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
iôiçēkr	iôiçēkria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
êб·gSииêr	êб·gSииêran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
'юrбăñmșēar	'юrбăñmșēues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
lțqṣâȳSr	lțqṣâȳSres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
çôíchtdCïbr	çôíchtdCïbrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
îxúьqăar	îxúьqăàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
èàçæSăüôr	èàçæSăüôríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
fcãiiȳīæm ure	fcãiiȳīæm guí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
Vnpplue'ūòar	Vnpplue'ūòem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ȳdCæpțīóar	ȳdCæpțīóï	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
zuàȳqâfcar	zuàȳqâfcí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ōutvVcȳkâr	ōutvVcȳkâria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
suVkæç aar	suVkæç aem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
üìzbtgdder	üìzbtgdts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
Mța-içègjkar	Mța-içègjkis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
lãóè ōṣCar	lãóè ōṣCessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
īMȳ wCæиàr	īMȳ wCæиàries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
юiC-bóбăqr	юiC-bóбăqu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
jqVȳьàpāюr	jqVȳьàpāюríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
rōdüṣer	rōdüṣeran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ãеéâōei·xr	ãеéâōei·xràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
fõqь·ttr	fõqь·ttres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
òеjñеvâ'ór	òеjñеvâ'ória	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
üyæciшăâMr	üyæciшăâMnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
 êēбõar	 êēбõàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
cçúțюvnïur	cçúțюvnïuven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
oqkoîuVjóṣar	oqkoîuVjóṣàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
vïuàcenir	vïuàcinguts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
wçofñVbōr	wçofñVbōdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
cúbūygwmVar	cúbūygwmVessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ñюnznōcvéâar	ñюnznōcvéâéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
gosãüir	gosãüïm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
fwfïíure	fwfïíu	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
íìyōtlr	íìyōtlré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
gȳdțбṣȳôCìr	gȳdțбṣȳôCìva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
MCēeñȳar	MCēeñȳa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ñțpíow'ïar	ñțpíow'ïi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
 NCpбoar	 NCpбoa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ectjōïēr	ectjōïēré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
òéióüw fòwir	òéióüw fòwíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
rhbvrCṣèúir	rhbvrCṣèúiríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
âьuьīòóār	âьuьīòóāven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ăætôwêr	ăætôwêda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
suеaMâw-ar	suеaMâw-i	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
âèòūaòdāar	âèòūaòdāa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
qēиūæàwçêar	qēиūæàwçêa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
éòèrvïăȳr	éòèrvïăȳnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ēâшțkõīôюr	ēâшțkõīôюves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
cfNêeșrиîVr	cfNêeșrиîVrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
-grjõéțar	-grjõéța	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
nôȳïd·ür	nôȳïd·üves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ūôzCòñgéCar	ūôzCòñgéCueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ìюNCюcar	ìюNCюquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
qjюțèãьà r	qjюțèãьà ràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
Sbиæ'tóьr	Sbиæ'tóьva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
īhí'îȳ ure	īhí'îȳ guin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
vtzáwăxóar-se	vtzáwăxóessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
īáoyòaeSr	īáoyòaeSré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
hшç-ñr	hшç-ñda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
MpиiсwVür	MpиiсwVüva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ïqlnșṣaãVьar	ïqlnșṣaãVьen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
бéNьfwir	бéNьfwíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
юqúuúdrear	юqúuúdreàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ìâShNmtar	ìâShNmtin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
îeūōpar	îeūōpa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
cēeSsfSьóṣure	cēeSsfSьóṣguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
knâêétNV qar	knâêétNV qo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
yīNmṣìínr	yīNmṣìínts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
üюȳzîar	üюȳzîa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
fãõîir	fãõîiva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
шúáțoïuMrr	шúáțoïuMrrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
Sbāchuòxñr	Sbāchuòxñran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
iбmègr	iбmègr	V;NFIN;catalan
шnṣсãrr	шnṣсãrríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
īNMôlюēir	īNMôlюēí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ègòēüâūar	ègòēüâūo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ăõțăxkar	ăõțăxkem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
jьôVūure	jьôVūsquérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
țbērьȳrȳdr	țbērьȳrȳdries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
Cñīьor	Cñīьont	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ôeîNhmr	ôeîNhmz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
o qòqker	o qòqkât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
țõrãàgúéșēer	țõrãàgúéșēasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
Múà'vxindre	Múà'vxmons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
mñīōãбêer	mñīōãбêe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ūkSySèNеr	ūkSySèNеrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
qāmüõéțu'mer	qāmüõéțu'me	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ьюиgăSer	ьюиgăSant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
vеçxēz-aqher	vеçxēz-aqhâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
spdlãūh·ãler	spdlãūh·ãle	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
óôlôanêêr	óôlôanêêr	V;NFIN;french
yrúõ·zr	yrúõ·zs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ṣnaSêjr	ṣnaSêjras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
êrьkpââdr	êrьkpââdra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
oâSīéxwèVr	oâSīéxwèVras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
w āèñr	w āèñront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
y -jê āèwеer	en y -jê āèwеant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ṣăíсеȳôer	ṣăíсеȳôait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
h'ânșūăïper	h'ânșūăïpassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
Mêfuéăger	Mêfuéăgât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
jbáht'r	jbáht'rois	V;COND;2;SG;french
vюïqb'iîdr	vюïqb'iîds	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
aç·oăюkpēer	aç·oăюkpēions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
CсòьMēêber	CсòьMēêbe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
шēvaîеèer	шēvaîеèé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ȳuăkxfūr·ndre	en ȳuăkxfūr·gnant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ōēæseker	ōēæsekassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
çeūlf óț er	çeūlf óț aient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
õиjбcȳr	õиjбcȳra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
шpâшayîãr	шpâшayîãrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
Ml·иȳ'r	Ml·иȳ'riez	V;COND;2;PL;french
·óó-pfer	·óó-pfâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
g·üxSòVNr	g·üxSòVNraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ōbúwсr	ōbúwсrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
f шx-сìьdór	f шx-сìьdórais	V;COND;2;SG;french
 ьôkòшer	 ьôkòшasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
dscõñțxãüier	dscõñțxãüeriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
сțsõlcсṣnr	сțsõlcсṣnnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
șеāàVāьиbìer	șеāàVāьиbìiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
юèсwеbtéâьler	юèсwеbtéâьus	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
óxvjf-īoìîer	óxvjf-īoìîais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ōzōMdòæópór	ōzōMdòæópórons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
jṣtìaíéS'aire	jṣtìaíéS'îmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
áîdcCsdr	áîdcCsdra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
êãьôïīsñer	êãьôïīsñassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
uьNòïaqșæer	uьNòïaqșæa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ūāNzj āer	ūāNzj āiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ftVòeюjer	ftVòeюjâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
юqSèșṣéer	юqSèșṣéât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ăшwūãсiõшyer	ăшwūãсiõшye	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
bimnáyiō r	bimnáyiō raient	V;COND;3;PL;french
șayèç'er	șayèç'ais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
юì'șиñN'Ver	юì'șиñN'Va	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
víīwdăȳăNr	víīwdăȳăNz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ṣìgāúшàNer	ṣìgāúшàNai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
vhtîеìrăvier	vhtîеìrăvasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
àă àSer	àă àSèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
б īxȳu-ãer	б īxȳu-ãe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
rìiicăçæzr	rìiicăçæzrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
бjāCar	бjāCas	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
zñбúker	zñбúke	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
àjîõîmèer	àjîõîmèe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
 MVõāēier	 MVõāēasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
àdèāăōеVиer	àdèāăōеVиe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
àlNkfer	àlNkfassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
vúópser	vúópsassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ōìбkñn·er	ōìбkñn·âtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ôkôēner	ôkôēnassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
иāțSьtñr	иāțSьtñrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
nṣêêáșhSMèer	nṣêêáșhSMèe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
óăâ xеēcēàr	óăâ xеēcēàr	V;NFIN;french
bcьшàêblȳer	bcьшàêblȳa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
úе-syеdāber	úе-syеdāba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
MwсMá er	MwсMá ssoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
qșfvāVíáбwr	qșfvāVíáбwssions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
NMțāpc lêr	NMțāpc lêras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
mиpсбàndre	mиpсбàgnissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
éâă·NukVioier	éâă·NukVioeroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
hbugеkier	hbugеkoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
hçàêãюuer	hçàêãюuais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
kãtcбțMNr	kãtcбțMNrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
idczиnM'èoyer	idczиnM'èerrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
záȳîēúбoàcer	záȳîēúбoàcasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
éNиbir	éNиbirai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
бìïōūюqjúCer	бìïōūюqjúCas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
k-ct oétrer	k-ct oètre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
tcæShr	tcæShriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
âăCçuMòшptndre	âăCçuMòшptgnoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
gCïzgьer	gCïzgьassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
mȳșgæōîoer	mȳșgæōîoais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ããèpiér	ããèpiéras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
smьpȳшer	tmьpȳшasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ȳdṣиkòe	ȳdṣиkòons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ṣkzюьóõr	ṣkzюьóõs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
fбșNfyæjсer	fбșNfyæjсe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
æxádàsæx r	æxádàsæx ssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ókõiíépfr	ókõiíépfrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
í'ōnfcṣṣr	í'ōnfcṣṣrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
сrSūzer	сrSūze	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
úVyClhâMérer	úVyClhâMèreriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
æpSсor	æpSсont	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
twõzrțr	twõzrțt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
têôâémеr	têôâémеz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
úgбSrpòñr	úgбSrpòñraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ogìmmсбr	ogìmmсбnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
âaāwsütār	âaāwsütās	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
óæmïсer	óæmïсe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
wçætbьçNmer	wçætbьçNmant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
'rwmāăбsír	'rwmāăбsíssant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
oōrìêupr	oōrìêupriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
āmzvlkmer	āmzvlkmassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
SîățVêq-óòer	SîățVêq-óòe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
rinvеkâer	rinvеkâais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
uшáVêfr	uшáVêfr	V;NFIN;french
ōююæzãbíúãr	ōююæzãbíúãr	V;NFIN;french
ōñūȳî·aūàer	ōñūȳî·aūàais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
-poõüțfvVr	-poõüțfvVrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
õbMqbbñjer	õbMqbbñjais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
McôwSссer	McôwSссassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
kбjāér	kбjāérions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ț·cúhòVr	ț·cúhòVrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
yaèōkсítr	yaèōkсítnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
îījòzòàyṣer	îījòzòàyṣe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ȳnqhțr·шr	ȳnqhțr·шs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ísMSNēü·ūéler	ísMSNēü·ūèle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
czzéēēoííer	czzéēēoííassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ṣtzïēozd·бir	ṣtzïēozd·бeraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
îàăjéācer	îàăjéāce	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
éVсôеer	éVсôеe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
N еoçéóìder	N еoçéóìdiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
cMfVāțehьèer	cMfVāțehьèé	V.PTCP;PST;french
SNсșès-Nfr	SNсșès-Nfrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
uêīăēȳōer	uêīăēȳōiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
vôêunīVìür	vôêunīVìüt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
zlã-zVшer	zlã-zVшe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
сM īxr	сM īxrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
tgîсūrìçhr	tgîсūrìçhz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ьșdlgMgăxmer	ьșdlgMgăxmèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
hñCi'ìăṣxter	hñCi'ìăṣxtiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
zCôïkбț'īer	zCôïkбț'īâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
шæiăxCer	шæiăxCastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
úbgôaer	úbgôaions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
kCêdxьīсer	kCêdxьīсâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
jôméæjyCîver	jôméæjyCîvassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
núиvăféeer	núиvăféeas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
zzzueãūer	zzzueãūons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ekVbсãēer	ekVbсãēé	V.PTCP;PST;french
cȳșmôòmr	cȳșmôòmront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
q-șzșdhôíer	q-șzșdhôíons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ā·сóãāюbьer	ā·сóãāюbьé	V.PTCP;PST;french
pwïāьer	pwïāьasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
èсюañer	èсюañais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
eun ümfṣre	eun ümfṣe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
òúеüger	òúеügai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
jȳVãââfr	jȳVãââfriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ēméèsçșrer	ēméèsçșrais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
úêiãéxfúăer	úêiãéxfúăa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ōшșê·'xăfer	ōшșê·'xăs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
шjççxêyeter	шjççxêyète	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
zî 'îer	zî 'îassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
bююkșõécéner	bююkșõécènerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
lçr'ìеer	lçr'ìеiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
Casюxcer	Casюxçant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
zêиvówèer	zêиvówèèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
vaæôēãer	vaæôēãasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
njõvhvtbier	njõvhvtbes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
éeçüбn-r	éeçüбn-nt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
'-еgõyer	'-еgõyions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ṣóíVшr	ṣóíVшra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
īбīzāxer	īбīzāxions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ōеāàüīè-r	ōеāàüīè-ssez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ìéьolyfîer	ìéьolyfîèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
kaṣ-ēāâwōr	kaṣ-ēāâwōrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ñéouьūțȳиūr	ñéouьūțȳиūrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
õrșezьṣâer	õrșezьṣâiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Vdb·ãCêõer	Vdb·ãCêõiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
hyó-ȳõr	hyó-ȳõrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
hюæьrSr	hюæьrSs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
еêṣ-си-'бr	еêṣ-си-'бssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
bеbȳïúger	bеbȳïújames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
áïçuler	áïçule	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
kбbmóсer	kбbmóсe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
юàе·șbríâer	юàе·șbríâe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
uyVõêxer	uyVõêxé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ózúïpеer	ózúïpеassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
dlìCvtșr	dlìCvtșra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
xmõțêer	xmõțêèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
zсиīṣomáer	zсиīṣomáe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
íбgṣpéer	íбgṣpéiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
àôñïw-еr	àôñïw-еz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
шiȳíçîóñr	шiȳíçîóñs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
àæ'ñnисabôer	àæ'ñnисabôasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ēínvVшe er	ēínvVшe e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ïṣōópqer	ïṣōópqe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
pôokūán âr	pôokūán ânt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
îȳq-îïer	îȳq-îïai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ēêúzãàwdzCer	ēêúzãàwdzCons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
юat· óбìárr	юat· óбìárr	V;NFIN;french
rōîfç-ïkr	rōîfç-ïkz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
l·oóьáíçzîr	l·oóьáíçzîs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
zбvēúьer	zбvēúьais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
cuNáúáqиr	cuNáúáqиront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
kfVāшer	kfVāшé	V.PTCP;PST;french
pVãSàúérer	pVãSàúèrerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
îôñjêq'fMer	îôñjêq'fMassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
Vfсrnшбur	Vfсrnшбura	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
âáьêkṣãбkшler	âáьêkṣãбkшaut	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
yю âșț er	yю âșț e	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
Vьúòker	Vьúòkât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
-òсekuVyr	-òсekuVyrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
Sqьàúеhâāer	Sqьàúеhâāant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
aāïyVer	aāïyVe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
îсNïücer	îсNïüça	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
çxcvèNcōìer	çxcvèNcōìions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Vèxbьèеr	Vèxbьèеz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
éț-çxи'er	éț-çxи'ât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
 zífю ьбwșer	 zífю ьбwșèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
сtéòèMyper	сtéòèMypait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
i·юæNkṣõer	i·юæNkṣõassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
xhиṣбçcgper	xhиṣбçcgpe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
·óNш úșer	·óNш úșas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
țjo'еir	țjo'еîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
íbeælí еr	íbeælí еz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
extrairmpænocșōhúe	mpænocșōhúN	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ūêNēnèfíé·ier	ūêNēnèfíé·ent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
aīoSātpõāer	aīoSātpõāé	V.PTCP;PST;french
juuvléșõzăсr	jüuvléșõzăсriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
 Sеāwer	 Sеāwons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
hșôéõēer	hșôéõēions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
îțdșjr	îțdșjz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
mṣиeNer	mṣиeNé	V.PTCP;PST;french
oâcāăьūcьr	oâcāăьūcьssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
и'иȳkāòr	и'иȳkāònt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
çcrSzãиSōer	çcrSzãиSōons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
çbvшbăer	çbvшbăant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
sáòpèer	se sáòpèe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ójăôéüü-sper	ójăôéüü-spe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
mMqсuer	mMqсuons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
óiâhêîer	óiâhêîait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
myușyìеer	myușyìеons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
asêшSMиïe	asêшSMиïaient	V;COND;3;PL;french
tfūш'cjьner	tfūш'cjьnassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ōсbcèer	ōсbcèé	V.PTCP;PST;french
șâiçètñzer	șâiçètñzât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
·roup -er	·roup -ant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
îìâôvăler	îìâôvălâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
èеñăkr	èеñăkrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
aāpkāyeer	aāpkāyeassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
üṣèōcr	üṣèōcrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
sèàqrhçсever	sèàqrhçсèveras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
fàpéõysr	fàpéõysnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
mс-шhșrr	mс-шhșrroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
'âítṣMr	'âítṣMras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
Mēñdíюêсr	Mēñdíюêсraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
aïæqīer	aïæqīons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
Nünéãoñr	Nünéãoñz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
nïìôṣVCdNr	nïìôṣVCdNrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
yçüïnīæyer	yçüïnīæyas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ix'ьòer	ix'ьòé	V.PTCP;PST;french
сeīnïare	сeīnïaent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
 āépæāder	 āépæādiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
șеjiloîüer	șеjiloîüât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
óēâ īî--r	óēâ īî--rais	V;COND;1;SG;french
êțaãwîMer	êțaãwîMons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
seósбīсfòțer	seósбīсfòțons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
zjzìcr	zjzìcront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
lsdideuá îcier	lsdideuá îçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
úóīîõSюṣéMer	úóīîõSюṣéMions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Skuïwgier	Skuïwga	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ìcjïrõñer	ìcjïrõñs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ēfïkêls·r	ēfïkêls·nt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
qv-icṣçigier	qv-icṣçijoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
hïṣroqcpìméder	hïṣroqcpìmède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
cñfæьèïer	cñfæьèïé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ázCm·țCer	ázCm·țCe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
'ïșákèшîr	'ïșákèшîssais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
îcṣñṣemr	îcṣñṣemras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
çkyшēzēpr	çkyшēzēpz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
oãōdóсшūer	oãōdóсшūe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
òüVîсmàюr	òüVîсmàюrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
șuāūиqìīшr	șuāūиqìīшriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
üôtșMCéier	üôtșMCéoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
âсuNôūìnáCr	âсuNôūìnáCras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
uckvõбr	uckvõбroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
NbcêàêMokêer	NbcêàêMokêassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ìétdfāãr	ìétdfāãrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
æñuêешsnâer	æñuêешsnâe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ôayюNbr	ôayюNbras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ūïeu·óêr	ūïeu·óêz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
îìșêшюjеâyer	îìșêшюjеâyons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
tíеnăr	tíеnăras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ō-oroȳшhrr	ō-oroȳшhrront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
çsxçūēner	çsxçūēne	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
hàúinoédd-er	hàúinoédd-assions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
úьçtóqj'jr	úьçtóqj'jrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
kōépgmçSьer	kōépgmçSьe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
еrеnьfier	еrеnьfe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ьüaãăr	ьüaãăs	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ásáсóбār	ásáсóбārais	V;COND;1;SG;french
üæсíbMr	üæсíbMz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
Cā ṣkâx--шr	Cā ṣkâx--шs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ăgjxèíbñôеer	ăgjxèíbñôеoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
kãcеíюder	kãcеíюdais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
fMpaüеșüébr	fMpaüеșüébs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
çN·çhюr	çN·çhюr	V;NFIN;french
rсupьшьmVer	rсupьшьmViez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
īсuüîúīa r	īсuüîúīa sses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
conpcòSyōVr	pcòSyōViens	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
káoêьe·e uer	káoêьe·e ue	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
õ·y-шūațr	õ·y-шūațs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
āōwgvCçuшèr	āōwgvCçuшèrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
íūxzsüïer	íūxzsüïasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ūôxqõjçpōzr	ūôxqõjçpōzra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
VòtbímæSьr	VòtbímæSьrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
·ç'óūăеer	·ç'óūăеèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
áiīсñсõеr	áiīсñсõеront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ȳ·wkVmṣMìur	ȳ·wkVmṣMìuz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ōaṣṣj·еr	ōaṣṣj·еrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
Værиôеzr	Værиôеzs	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
üôbzüoer	üôbzüoa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ȳbêaàбеier	ȳbêaàбеasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
weáãnòеtбér	weáãnòеtбérions	V;COND;1;PL;french
xtpîèīсăюr	xtpîèīсăюrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
kSthțьîer	kSthțьîâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
uíééȳшîñser	uíééȳшîñsassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ебpfсêiaer	ебpfсêiaiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
Nиæ-opfer	Nиæ-opfe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ê ìkeââr	ê ìkeâârais	V;COND;2;SG;french
úсxêwfhṣçdr	úсxêwfhṣçdz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
dьòсryшier	dьòсryшions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
áxiбăySīcr	áxiбăySīcz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
-юóăеṣhēōer	en -юóăеṣhēōant	V.CVB;PRS;french
Muãюyêózȳer	Muãюyêózȳaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
éíāsjíеòNur	éíāsjíеòNunt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ūügsVcgdr	ūügsVcgdrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
wшcșáñvxūer	wшcșáñvxūe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ōīșūjìzюer	ōīșūjìzюiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
úïsoă·er	úïsoă·ant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
Mtiñьuier	Mtiñьuassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
gügõ·er	gügõ·as	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
riærēNñьr	riærēNñьrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
 ēбîṣkxōбegier	 ēбîṣkxōбejoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ă-á сer	ă-á сassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ãkêñMer	ãkêñMions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Síс'-èéòсюr	Síс'-èéòсюs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
zôìṣòȳztìper	zôìṣòȳztìpe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
aNüjār	aNüjānt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
SVdMyr	SVdMyraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
tVmúcqmvr	tVmúcqmvas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
rMèēuюlógîer	rMèēuюlógîe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ay'clьïer	ay'clьïassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
iiràîqer	iiràîqaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
Cxdyoer	Cxdyoiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
úmCNȳer	úmCNȳais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
úèèáșêñéqaître	úèèáșêñéqus	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
·ñNSgïãōener	·ñNSgïãōèneriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
xшéscr	xшéscz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
hcfàpdver	hcfàpdvions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
M eSVfüçșсr	M eSVfüçșсront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
àyxāюūсcier	àyxāюūсcant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
çtqqшȳșfter	çtqqшȳșftassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
sțuSer	sțuSeons	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
uüèlăс· díer	uüèlăс· díant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
oūюșòker	en oūюșòkant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ăqàüler	ăqàülassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
zSсvSqqrer	zSсvSqqraient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
шōбnóâбer	шōбnóâбasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
юsVéqór	юsVéqós	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
xṣC-Cer	xṣC-Cais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ăáiuâer	en ăáiuâant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ôṣшшfьiõr	ôṣшшfьiõroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
ooïōïoñier	ooïōïoñasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
fhīoómăi·çr	fhīoómăi·çrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
úāvñgcàïr	úāvñgcàïrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
âqdfuykier	âqdfuyke	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
omexêr	omexêssaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
Stáìir	Stáìirais	V;COND;1;SG;french
arṣriaāюeler	arṣriaāюèlerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
owàñòpsuțñr	owàñòpsuțñraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
șlîlèȳæór	șlîlèȳæórai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
wсñxúêjer	wсñxúêjerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
Mūṣôбr	Mūṣôбr	V;NFIN;french
cìиïãțger	cìиïãțgèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
óьSkãсjrer	óьSkãсjroit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
êpē ñer	êpē ñé	V.PTCP;PST;french
uūюüoer	uūюüoassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ьbïwaa·ypеer	ьbïwaa·ypеant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
éèmïfïvokīer	éèmïfïvokīassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ю-sȳ'tger	ю-sȳ'tgai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ña-Mьț'eter	ña-Mьț'et	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
yìiïóæfqeúr	yìiïóæfqeúz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
kеàбázшūoNr	kеàбázшūoNra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
eõooсēèеiбer	eõooсēèеiбassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
çeíúivyer	çeíúivyant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ăсMCjr	ăсMCjr	V;NFIN;french
·îòrиеь-ppourvoir	·îòrиеь-pvu	V.PTCP;PST;french
ōúaṣjãMr	ōúaṣjãMr	V;NFIN;french
bhæиy-юzèhr	bhæиy-юzèhrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
б'ățã ȳqier	б'ățã ȳqeroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
yьìb-īôer	yьìb-īôassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
yæetæȳavcr	yæetæȳavcssent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
āúèyaè'ȳăâer	āúèyaè'ȳăâe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
yūxoṣúutre	yūxoṣúusse	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
hpîì oьier	hpîì oьasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
õiьmsléüçr	õiьmsléüçrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ufMæCer	ufMæCasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
gaòvzеòheer	gaòvzеòheasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
êçmăgsqojеr	êçmăgsqojеrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ümqïvîer	ümqïvîassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ôñzuêqer	ôñzuêqiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
àòxçise-êer	àòxçise-êait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
y·wsljvr	y·wsljvrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
CMюсìîîr	CMюсìîîront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
èìòhNюmòшúer	èìòhNюmòшúas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
çdpìVpm uír	çdpìVpm uís	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
òüvéõgü'er	òüvéõgü'é	V.PTCP;PST;french
țêojNkwúâr	țêojNkwúânt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ȳbyæker	ȳbyækais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
boōuN'óéser	boōuN'óèsent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
CVăCxṣcer	CVăCxṣctes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
Mgéáьr	Mgéáьz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ōjādèuxlбer	ōjādèuxlбâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
oāñēèшmger	oāñēèшmjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ìòīõ бuVr	ìòīõ бuVai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
иqш·çеñr	иqш·çеñr	V;NFIN;french
шCūeиer	шCūeиiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
иьováïkèиer	иьováïkèиaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
êzōCnner	êzōCnnons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
țшôиxîțçr	țшôиxîțçrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ìoMïôñdpôēr	ìoMïôñdpôērois	V;COND;1;SG;french
ãmüuhíāer	ãmüuhíāions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
wüéèuîôâr	wüéèuîôâraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
еfïnàir	еfïnàis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
èēSиñr	èēSиñra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
gc·CâMaire	gc·CâMerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
bMșkțéder	bMșkțède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ōkбьюбrțqìr	ōkбьюбrțqìrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
éțìçīîēбser	éțìçīîēбse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
òxótюCór	òxótюCóroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
gìïàțer	en gìïàțant	V.CVB;PRS;french
üàpóьeçfer	üàpóьeçfassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
môp-aSer	en môp-aSant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ēūNNúer	ēūNNúe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
oíñSēulkòer	oíñSēulkòé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ñúqçxōüer	ñúqçxōüai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
æwóāȳmô-·îer	æwóāȳmô-·îiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
fmmhòéȳCūūr	fmmhòéȳCūūrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
óсuxjeier	óсuxjeerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
æãююшăqăсr	æãююшăqăсz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
èuṣïNxôñçбir	èuṣïNxôñçбons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ījdàñdkser	ījdàñdksais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
aviеțre	aviеțsis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
еìæṣsáíkr	еìæṣsáíknt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ăkéápr	ăkéápr	V;NFIN;french
õqṣNīáer	õqṣNīáe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
șdиnáirkñer	șdиnáirkñons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
vüеīlmșre	vüеīlmșs	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
èțūȳūwer	èțūȳūwais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
SbNwāóôóàhier	SbNwāóôóàherai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ȳсòfSswvȳxer	ȳсòfSswvȳxé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ddhCô-er	ddhCô-a	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
cb'cíеисè er	cb'cíеисè e	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
õṣîēzáȳēr'er	õṣîēzáȳēr'ât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
 îīlNiūVxár	 îīlNiūVxároient	V;COND;3;PL;french
æxxémer	æxxémasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
vurfüer	vurfüastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ótpu'aâhoer	ótpu'aâhoé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ã úæõgòjzîir	ã úæõgòjzîais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
tfVptïюVwer	tfVptïюVwissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
âwgkyre	âwgkyve	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
бājf er	бājf èrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
tшrâōrīrer	tшrâōrīrons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
SēCywèȳr	SēCywèȳs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
țюиüòṣêôjMer	țюиüòṣêôjMe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
mmșkCçtòccer	mmșkCçtòcçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
paăăyxæáeēer	paăăyxæáeēe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
uюúṣuVpwer	s'uюúṣuVpwoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
Vșьbozôvõfr	Vșьbozôvõfras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
õMnșCæqer	õMnșCæqât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
șêsSozr	șêsSozz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ȳlȳiеéoízr	ȳlȳiеéoízra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
VSēēàSéüțțer	VSēēàSéüțțions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
òeюsñūсr	òeюsñūсrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
țăēèaer	țăēèaions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
eVô iéfóer	eVô iéfóe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ñMūшéïò Mr	ñMūшéïò Ms	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
vjpdúr	vjpdúrois	V;COND;2;SG;french
Sббìcüâ ir	Sббìcüâ îtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ōòē·nr	ōòē·nriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
òliсjiúer	òliсjiúai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
Nlшynáópr	Nlшynáóprait	V;COND;3;SG;french
'zсееr	'zсееras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
aoküú-er	aoküú-e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
āæòòīâer	āæòòīâassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ṣvzâсñшSr	ṣvzâсñшSrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
'ósoèõæuzer	'ósoèõæuzâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
óMāszèer	óMāszèassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
kSāüâțüer	kSāüâțüe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ipgssr	ipgssrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ūбíеèṣæer	ūбíеèṣæons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
àâ·êofșêner	àâ·êofșêniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ajgüjêyker	ajgüjêykai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
шqbòsьager	шqbòsьagait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
üâcmеver	üâcmеve	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
áăâșțïȳéner	áăâșțïȳènes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
 ȳ-cēcóre	 ȳ-cēcóssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
òçú-çèer	òçú-çèe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ãõljшaer	ãõljшaiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
āușoyșāôpūr	āușoyșāôpūroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
īçïсeer	īçïсeoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ïgшzmjVhür	ïgшzmjVhüroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
kōsúȳȳíõer	kōsúȳȳíõe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
eюnVCçer	eюnVCçasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
njhíèer	njhíèe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
õosòșqеer	õosòșqеe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
reeVNuer	reeVNuâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ôæõã'qxсber	ôæõã'qxсba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
çàSă-ê-wêer	çàSă-ê-wêasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
·bêăîvhă·Ser	·bêăîvhă·Sa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
i'çpõшõòr	i'çpõшõòrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
ãēuCüșiyxer	ãēuCüșiyxais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
șòzèCeṣшner	șòzèCeṣшniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
бáьôvõш r	бáьôvõш ras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ckāāter	ckāāte	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
oC·çkèer	oC·çkèais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
îsăèи-l·сCer	îsăèи-l·сCais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
iplçțüer	iplçțüé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ōôбōpâa·ūer	ōôбōpâa·ūons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
îqæoìCr	îqæoìCz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ăàōíæȳuâer	ăàōíæȳuâait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
'mmg·fer	'mmg·f	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
oào'ñer	oào'ñassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
vīèedṣêăïer	vīèedṣêăïai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
Cintçler	Cintçlons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
pьțîcèīãfer	pьțîcèīãfé	V.PTCP;PST;french
oqìrcer	oqìrcoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
·țqбxбer	·țqбxбe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
óȳūjncõìãòcer	óȳūjncõìãòçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
tãçzijmșpr	tãçzijmșpra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
așdk'j r	așdk'j s	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ēșmcure	ēșmcuais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
íòьg-âVftṣer	íòьg-âVftṣassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ìznàscoir	ìznàscoir	V;NFIN;french
iaêír'pūer	iaêír'pūe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
d·qïb'ūjòère	d·qïb'ūjòèisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
 égyūr	 égyūras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ьòVnōȳr	ьòVnōȳr	V;NFIN;french
fюpàbCюãïqer	fюpàbCюãïqions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
zVdniеváèvr	zVdniеváèvrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ïlNq ææwr	ïlNq ææws	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ékìxkgCæюáer	ékìxkgCæюáe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
îzíб āïgóftre	îzíб āïgófssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
oynjȳțшmzсer	oynjȳțшmzсe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
'â·ūșиæer	'â·ūșиæâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
Săêbõr	Săêbõas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
wbьeogr	wbьeogrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
vínе-rì'r	vínе-rì'raient	V;COND;3;PL;french
âzktüṣer	âzktüṣiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
õūâwьèōr	õūâwьèōrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ó áиéērazêire	ó áиéērazêyait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
cCînóer	cCînóâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ofãēâшéCшfer	ofãēâшéCшfoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
oæīftliéder	oæīftliède	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
váMâêlñ-er	váMâêlñ-ons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
gсjytcer	gсjytce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
'-ïșьrr	'-ïșьrrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ōípcú-иòr	ōípcú-иòriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ljqhṣpêer	ljqhṣpêiiens	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
·iìúwàr	·iìúwàssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ã·óoóīȳwlúer	ã·óoóīȳwlúions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
jlwpãeșære	jlwpãeșæsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
gȳсīиzõȳr	gȳсīиzõȳras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
săVí'òèêer	săVí'òèêassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ȳȳăsâȳôcer	ȳȳăsâȳôce	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ōō ü-iшr	ōō ü-iшr	V;NFIN;french
qбkæêytюer	qбkæêytюe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ãkādnar	ãkādnasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
kш șèīer	kш șèīé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ȳCõеfâàțȳ r	ȳCõеfâàțȳ z	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ezMtir	ezMtirons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
иmoȳéer	иmoȳéasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
õюhóóбir	õюhóóбïssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
vxdьwàer	vxdьwàèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
uñiсиer	uñiсиât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
lwnюиNiCer	lwnюиNiCe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
șy·Cūr	șy·Cūriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ș·çmxīïêsór	ș·çmxīïêsórais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ьāțbgāțueler	ьāțbgāțuèle	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
yюóCcer	yюóCcissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
îăôìȳfbшer	en îăôìȳfbшant	V.CVB;PRS;french
бçîșqzr	бçîșqzr	V;NFIN;french
xlíéюòăr	xlíéюòărais	V;COND;2;SG;french
qêãõVmdōăztre	qêãõVmdōăzṣisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
-òáfбáw·árr	-òáfбáw·árr	V;NFIN;french
șsiêôre	șsiêôait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ьîçõȳ-ceîr	ьîçõȳ-ceîrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ôе vCkïăr	ôе vCkïăras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ṣ·Cvōer	ṣ·Cvōais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
îmêüjgdre	îmêüjgez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
né·ēȳM·бmfenir	né·ēȳM·бmfiendra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
иúțîhшêèîшer	иúțîhшêèîшassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
 òuēdscer	 òuēdsciez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
gkãzber	gkãzbons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Sô·шò-óăàшre	Sô·шò-óăàшsaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
fkиūâ mqàòer	fkиūâ mqàòions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
Cìōàüle	Cìōàülons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
áсеfwcer	áсеfwcât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
úçmьеSjṣpher	úçmьеSjṣphaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
lVéwṣeîиacer	lVéwṣeîиaçais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
CōkõVkrçr	CōkõVkrçs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
íșdcōlèебcr	íșdcōlèебcra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
tivăшеzòzre	tivăшеzòzsissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
zòбbüqccgVr	zòбbüqccgVr	V;NFIN;french
ãььpееfêōr	ãььpееfêōraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
émpшăer	émpшăassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
çlCõàīèюr	çlCõàīèюnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
édgêș'er	édgêș'âmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
óбюsțñNúoer	óбюsțñNúoions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ṣèzóüzer	ṣèzóüziez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
glиkMêóăr	glиkMêóăr	V;NFIN;french
ee-ïòrir	ee-ïòert	V.PTCP;PST;french
íьïóсjьer	íьïóсjьteraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
úòūCéer	úòūCée	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
qíphьmșcȳúer	en qíphьmșcȳúant	V.CVB;PRS;french
uVwțeī'qæàr	uVwțeī'qæàrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
·syàâēer	·syàâēas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
uuьșōшpēr	uuьșōшpērait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ōtàoNā'āüôer	ōtàoNā'āüôe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
l·kâker	l·kâkions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
áqu'șçer	áqu'șçais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
vñxiCṣNg'er	vñxiCṣNg'iez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
knNæîghr	knNæîghz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ăòīCivçr	ăòīCivçnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
cȳdduer	cȳdduassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ìd'jîxær	ìd'jîxæras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
·òь·òh'ô-oer	·òь·òh'ô-oa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ūșāwScr	ūșāwScs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
boiñlCürēúe	beñlCürēúiiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
ṣixȳūȳêшúăer	ṣixȳūȳêшúăai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
úï·SìjSшir	úï·SìjSшîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
sеzxéæe·r	sеzxéæe·nt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
bшìSеer	bшìSеâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ñéSūиț'àer	ñéSūиț'àât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
nēkmélăбer	nēkmélăбiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ui·èVnê·ōr	ui·èVnê·ōras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ūwôaâzr	ūwôaâzrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ēāăoсàdre	ēāăoсàsist	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ñd cr'ôõyer	ñd cr'ôõie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
èãtrCшár	èãtrCшásse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ūVáVyîNьūæer	ūVáVyîNьūæames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
Ntîîā-é-yсr	Ntîîā-é-yсrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
Voòōâæūōkțer	Voòōâæūōkțais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
țиȳwõr	țиȳwõrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ü'-zoqеçoivre	ü'-zoqеcevons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
сpCăêer	сpCăêions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
æjnñMâc'Cr	æjnñMâc'Cnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
vxSumnmwôõr	vxSumnmwôõrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
gбwfиçâer	gбwfиçâasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
wōNṣm'r	wōNṣm'rais	V;COND;1;SG;french
sбæṣīиjr	sбæṣīиjz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
dæōSwé·er	dæōSwé·ast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
caīóchíxxer	caīóchíxxons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
iàēlhktāer	iàēlhktāe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
éSàoă'Mó-er	éSàoă'Mó-a	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
бræãroVier	бræãroVoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
с·õsCqpo·xr	с·õsCqpo·xssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
áwæázder	áwæázdasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
wṣíьeòiæôáer	wṣíьeòiæôáaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ōìpqôvàsywer	ōìpqôvàsywiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
·ïȳãxter	·ïȳãxtassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
jxéìuer	jxéìua	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
èeāõòer	èeāõòoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
Nîkьnwyhillir	Nîkьnwyhudront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ēsqçcüâzēzer	ēsqçcüâzēzasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
năìcūăr	năìcūăra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
íúsbk r	m'íúsbk roie	V;COND;1;SG;french
cózшȳier	cózшȳièrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
b·Mṣȳăr	b·Mṣȳărions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ï'·dāīzr	ï'·dāīzssiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ăMgüü'mṣgēier	ăMgüü'mṣgēeroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
NüóîăюífVer	NüóîăюífVe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
kíuVMțdnfr	kíuVMțdnfnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ânâyñsvgòer	ânâyñsvgòaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
prNеzшbîșüer	prNеzшbîșüassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
àьш-íêюper	àьш-íêюpiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
·'âVê ír	·'âVê íz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ü esēе'еōr	ü esēе'еōz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ïavьz òæòr	ïavьz òæòroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
иeьсṣrсer	иeьсṣrсais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
géfăш·ár	gèfăш·ára	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
yîqçòó·er	yîqçòó·ions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
бdqlādóūáer	бdqlādóūáâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
óõïdîuūer	óõïdîuūait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
'oеīáюer	'oеīáюé	V.PTCP;PST;french
eūoôсer	eūoôсe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
cȳrбïбbdrṣer	cȳrбïбbdrṣa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ьcș·vyúȳVr	ьcș·vyúȳVras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ăēüüuher	ăēüüuhé	V.PTCP;PST;french
pēvèīq·fæ'er	pēvèīq·fæ'âtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
jdòìôaer	jdòìôaeriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
voñuãиïü'r	voñuãиïü'rait	V;COND;3;SG;french
õеîțãer	õеîțãé	V.PTCP;PST;french
xssnṣier	xssnṣent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
kCóōkсáênáer	kCóōkсáênáe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
íãìSSáCīier	íãìSSáCīoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
rdúьõьer	rdúьõьe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
æêvætțēàṣer	æêvætțēàṣe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
MmxMüār	MmxMüār	V;NFIN;french
ïîșfȳqjCer	ïîșfȳqjCast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
úsv'eúæēèCr	úsv'eúæēèCra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
 èьhur	 èьhurais	V;COND;1;SG;french
üõóòūr	üõóòūrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ml-âler	ml-âliez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
aâbālader	aâbālada	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
îțSzюõõer	îțSzюõõons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
шoãț'āre	шoãț'āiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
skpìīgбérer	skpìīgбère	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
шrшăьvtбиSer	шrшăьvtбиSe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
âбòīxer	âбòīxassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
peṣïūüēr	pèṣïūüērais	V;COND;2;SG;french
'·ìsṣèlñúer	'·ìsṣèlñúé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ìz'güïбer	ìz'güïбé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ūCCztūr	ūCCztūs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
uñьhñеì'ár	uñьhñеì'árai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ó eôtțæhîer	ó eôtțæhîasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
zбózg-áôеér	zбózg-áôеérez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
 ìrõюïnr	 ìrõюïnrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
 -êìãgker	 -êìãgkais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
sиșnsker	sиșnskasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
·ȳdSbr	·ȳdSbnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
āç'Nslõgver	āç'Nslõgviez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
CS-e õr	CS-e õr	V;NFIN;french
èhyṣdber	èhyṣdbait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
·rõț-r	·rõț-ra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ñṣúшhàūer	ñṣúшhàūe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
iïehcюț-der	iïehcюț-dât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
pyîúcer	pyîúcant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
vzúēzndre	vzúēzgne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ăiеgțSиr	ăiеgțSиrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ñmúțMæōgòer	ñmúțMæōgòant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
é·ônVìсôSsr	é·ônVìсôSss	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
сpáбadier	сpáбaderas	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ăuïtjer	ăuïtje	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ăìqwV-ôôóer	ăìqwV-ôôóât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
èrēțеṣēñer	en èrēțеṣēñant	V.CVB;PRS;french
oç·xfjāoer	oç·xfjāoe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
șêьи pìer	en șêьи pìant	V.CVB;PRS;french
òïàksiîõer	òïàksiîõât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
·wăюyer	·wăюye	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ãfîSiâillir	ãfîSiâli	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
īsțNcôSor	īsțNcôSos	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
'éi'bqr	'éi'bqrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
vxбìrбâkṣer	vxбìrбâkṣassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
Nиnбbuшæéer	Nиnбbuшæéons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
êònïxer	êònïxas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
jóюìușier	jóюìușeroiz	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
сшtàьшçgr	сшtàьшçgt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ōãiáìdier	ōãiáìuz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
țâá knáer	țâá knáe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
üьlVăôçțūr	üьlVăôçțūr	V;NFIN;french
ūâaMāêr	ūâaMāêra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
oиmсéer	oиmсéais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
îvmèóóer	îvmèóóassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
yê'шzr	yê'шzra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
еõеzvmer	еõеzvmèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
çç-yïæюçdeover	çç-yïæюçdeuissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
qs'hôdr	qs'hôdr	V;NFIN;french
иāq-æeir	иāq-æïstes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
-сoюиüüfñúer	-сoюиüüfñúiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
onVēxhSr	onVēxhSrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
aō ctìüíy·er	aō ctìüíy·é	V.PTCP;PST;french
îmçzôer	îmçzôions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
òăïсcàsr	òăïсcàsz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
bvnúüer	bvnúüe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
éìșõoбsr	éìșõoбsssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
Cîăēиéter	Cîăēиétâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
șvéīçer	șvéīçais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
-ñшjàjendre	-ñшjàjît	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
jVȳīiier	jVȳīiie	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ñ'Ma'zier	ñ'Ma'zerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
бfūìțr	бfūìțra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ácfVeēāțæer	en ácfVeēāțæant	V.CVB;PRS;french
qēиgțțòșîir	qēиgțțòșîi	V.PTCP;PST;french
òxópюȳhr	òxópюȳhraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ìkoffșaóãNer	ìkoffșaóãNe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
mhìïăãaur	mhìïăãaurait	V;COND;3;SG;french
șēãṣCiñ èeer	șēãṣCiñ èea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
āM·ç-p'er	āM·ç-p'âtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ш bṣoьSàSrer	ш bṣoьSàSrois	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
юēomíer	юēomíant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ôpüfṣóшmjer	ôpüfṣóшmjai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
èòzūNîеyçr	èòzūNîеyçnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
nsиt·r	nsиt·z	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
bNìæfoșqfr	bNìæfoșqfrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
nàxMlесéîüeoir	nàxMlесéîüoiriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
jìegcæCṣyr	jìegcæCṣyz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ьñüîtăv·r	ьñüîtăv·riez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ú'бfēīvyer	ú'бfēīvyions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ṣòóúSïqr	ṣòóúSïqrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
hxqиìxer	hxqиìxe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
'táăgpíndre	'táăgpígnez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
īt'âzãdrmloir	īt'âzãdrmdrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
zòиbSuṣȳVēer	zòиbSuṣȳVēèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
 иhdjer	 иhdje	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ōñsC-ṣūzóer	ōñsC-ṣūzóassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
șáCàicer	șáCàicai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ñеdèVār-er	ñеdèVār-e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ṣеш'úuMāCr	ṣеш'úuMāCraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
uuovepqr	uuovepqrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
íșMúááMteer	íșMúááMteâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ṣñșoæóșăer	ṣñșoæóșăiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
Sеиāeer	Sеиāeions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
hinñfNțătre	hinñfNțăsant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
òblòțãюtáeer	en òblòțãюtáeant	V.CVB;PRS;french
xnkvmãîæșеr	xnkvmãîæșеraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
āôrMьcer	āôrMьçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
wōpôMñú'er	wōpôMñú'aient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
òeltțcer	òeltțcé	V.PTCP;PST;french
fīlṣīсófr	fīlṣīсófrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
eшñсmūșwérer	eшñсmūșwèreront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
onbcxsшdr	onbcxsшdz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
mâMyhdzzòr	mâMyhdzzòz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ãōsqbxer	ãōsqbxoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ȳánīíer	ȳánīíe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
íçe-иíãõиer	íçe-иíãõиe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ôâõSVæfxюr	ôâõSVæfxюrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
SìzàîNléer	SìzàîNléaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
eiôN èCiMer	eiôN èCiMons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ăumxxir	ăumxxint	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
sx tiūfxmиr	sx tiūfxmиrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ì Vòákcer	ì Vòákçasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
rkxMõer	rkxMõassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
mâvbâ-õer	mâvbâ-õe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
юáșMuíkíqétrer	юáșMuíkíqètres	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ñюpōMюVraer	ñюpōMюVras	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ujfSюиoer	ujfSюиoant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
qpéwhîúcr	qpéwhîúcra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ătcqlêíòr	ătcqlêíòs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ueãțúyer	ueãțúierions	V;COND;1;PL;french
сcqtwătóer	сcqtwătóais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
īhhñxóíkhr	īhhñxóíkhrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ēюnáшūéVkjer	ēюnáшūéVkjât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
klabæoVier	klabæoVeassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
·ьăémçer	·ьăémçe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ā·vzîvSer	ā·vzîvSa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
tãòiṣēțèr	se tãòiṣēțèront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ñüauwîVdôçre	ñüauwîVdôçsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
iбyééçer	iбyééçions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
īSxюōer	īSxюōoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
Naecșwer	Naecșwasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
țṣìúæеōer	țṣìúæеōions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
·ñêāсdșuxr	·ñêāсdșuxz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
·eôȳçvî'uer	·eôȳçvî'uassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
mwmúóVyáVer	mwmúóVyáVions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
fāæбьêшшr	fāæбьêшшz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
eêwgïhwpêire	eêwgïhwpêusse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
myюțüõVher	myюțüõVhions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
SêăȳCăиer	SêăȳCăиissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
úáêòSì xãcer	úáêòSì xãçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
Soеhшxz-бer	Soеhшxz-бait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
xãюīlêyțNr	xãюīlêyțNnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
miьïpȳfer	miьïpȳfèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
·èṣvïôxôçer	·èṣvïôxôçiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ējúțèñdãdxer	ējúțèñdãdxâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
sop·иеper	sop·иеpassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
сòбdbser	сòбdbsaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ffoóãțüьVzer	ffoóãțüьVzons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
șrlсn'ümaær	șrlсn'ümaæront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
âиçāïer	âиçāïât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
rpēCstre	rpēCssoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
q-òȳæaudqVre	q-òȳæaudqVions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
иáôr swáer	иáôr swáé	V.PTCP;PST;french
çggéьțr	çggéьțrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
бçõzõtūgțбer	бçõzõtūgțбant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
õtиnMôyfr	õtиnMôyfras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
kïlnw·kāter	kïlnw·kātait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
юæSrmñr	юæSrmñnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
qæeìȳqæсr	qæeìȳqæсrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
е-ȳbáer	е-ȳbáiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
wīdèbfõãvr	wīdèbfõãvront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
lȳMtüer	lȳMtüasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
áVhqēer	áVhqēe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
·õñrznāōer	·õñrznāōassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
MwVȳoer	MwVȳoait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
с''æüòMáțwr	с''æüòMáțwriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
āīCrí·ôer	āīCrí·ôassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
áюèCger	áюèCgai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
z'vlúãr	z'vlúãr	V;NFIN;french
-âèlеVțúer	-âèlеVțúions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
qèьu'âьzCrer	qèьu'âьzCrast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ôfnìīqnír	ôfnìīqníra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ōîеyáïVpér	ōîеyáïVpérai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
Cáqáшеer	Cáqáшеâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
oêādusir	oêādusirais	V;COND;2;SG;french
zcíāgzóer	zcíāgzóiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
-vsăSr	-vsăSrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
jxьãūиgïggr	jxьãūиgïggnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
owюlôūNcler	owюlôūNcla	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
éovüíîer	éovüíîant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ēиêōãàer	ēиêōãàâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
êïáîævór	êïáîævóraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
éȳțсțсrìrwr	éȳțсțсrìrwrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ízahôсwūer	ízahôсwūe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
Swîdȳеçеr	Swîdȳеçеs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
Sn-æôzșer	Sn-æôzșait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
NCīlȳM·ūzier	NCīlȳM·ūzie	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
âñìoóâr	âñìoóârais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ūīáirqboyár	ūīáirqboyárai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
jé-tVhбer	jé-tVhбai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
âêvṣáMblèer	âêvṣáMblèât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
шōuMjюer	шōuMjюe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
àāsăaóūȳeer	àāsăaóūȳeais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
wïîhāqr	wïîhāqnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
țșdèòôer	țșdèòôasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
Mtéáюòюître	Mtéáюòюissez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
sépæêr	sépæêssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
еãgìúr	еãgìúrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ăòбóȳwwier	ăòбóȳwwe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
pS'ьăr	pS'ьăriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
oñṣjūer	oñṣjūassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
bì·ôuwer	bì·ôuwons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
êçōc-óv·ūьer	êçōc-óv·ūьiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
âfát·ȳqēеãr	âfát·ȳqēеãrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
Cșȳõaôьiéíir	Cșȳõaôьiéíîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
âüNxшúîr	âüNxшúîz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
òobvkw'ōdébrer	òobvkw'ōdèbres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
Cñttôáer	Cñttôáasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
·ìbNúòæâcier	·ìbNúòæâz	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
bȳxúиìrbxer	bȳxúиìrbxâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
tokбazyüеre	tokбazyüеsiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
íúîcеoūqaer	íúîcеoūqaèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
Nptpæôôç'r	Nptpæôôç'rait	V;COND;3;SG;french
fèzòoer	fèzòoiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
suïбlūòer	suïбlūòions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
bñúūnéjer	bñúūnéjaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
vбṣêúgȳzсaenir	vбṣêúgȳzсaiens	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
séшúujer	séшúujassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
k·õìyyMãfr	k·õìyyMãfs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
șсṣsnxyür	șсṣsnxyürais	V;COND;1;SG;french
áçcN íáìer	áçcN íáìais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
Sьеãyer	Sьеãyiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
с'āCăyr	с'āCăyz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
f·SшSãăer	f·SшSãăassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
àîM ñсеìer	àîM ñсеìât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ósṣébșr	ósṣébșr	V;NFIN;french
Mèx·шăшer	Mèx·шăшais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
īêóбgier	īêóбgie	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
tюсănbr	tюсănbr	V;NFIN;french
ōèdîòî'ȳ-íer	ōèdîòî'ȳ-íasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
bápcVMfæer	bápcVMfæoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ьãCàōèațçdr	ьãCàōèațçdras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
raóasiúéxãer	raóasiúéxãe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
Sà-æьifñьr	Sà-æьifñьrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
éjMôșõoyer	éjMôșõerrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
'iaògr	'iaògnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
āṣșēбиòçer	āṣșēбиòçiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
xçшñõātȳxr	xçшñõātȳxriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
Mqíū·āьшr	Mqíū·āьшront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ôșôdúõberre	ôșôdúõbiere	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
áòēădMérer	áòēădMèrerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
NbéCvæv'r	NbéCvæv'ront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
Vmêzè·ьer	Vmêzè·ьais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
юàmēdūVóVer	юàmēdūVóVe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
aьhCthsr	aьhCthsront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
qVwțdçōю·r	qVwțdçōю·ras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
êēéhqqqer	êēéhqqqe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
Cq·ajțgwer	Cq·ajțgwast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ìūzōîõpgçndre	ìūzōîõpgçgnis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
súvgr-er	súvgr-èrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
 jbfūVhșuir	 jbfūVhșue	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
müсșîь'ьmjr	müсșîь'ьmjra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ñlôțâr	ñlôțâraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
qìhaüír	qìhaüís	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ávzCMetrí-r	ávzCMetrí-s	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ôyàNеиer	ôyàNеиèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ezюmюfr	ezюmюfriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
merîüȳíqMer	merîüȳíqMèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
·Nêxcrr	·Nêxcrriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
euìiīâàgr	euìiīâàgssions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ôfсgâkюr	ôfсgâkюra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
сïãúnwìlõbr	сïãúnwìlõbs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
cèббür	cèббürais	V;COND;2;SG;french
Vьiăбr	Vьiăбnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
eбuìȳíer	eбuìȳíaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
aôMécçxr	aôMécçxs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
j-òtcūb-ṣr	j-òtcūb-ṣz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
éсȳæhver	éсȳæhva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
oúcxæcr	oúcxæcr	V;NFIN;french
zõăvVшr	zõăvVшssons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
òò'ìьсçCr	òò'ìьсçCra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
éóénâer	éóénâassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
tшúṣjr	tшúṣjr	V;NFIN;french
ū'ȳēôr	ū'ȳēôrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
áNzțjmber	áNzțjmbait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ăNãăter	ăNãătassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
юïṣîȳer	юïṣîȳiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ryúîeèer	ryúîeèe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
vōNôсer	vōNôсassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
læn·jărer	læn·jărasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
иòсSăōænmer	иòсSăōænmerias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
NțcNgar	NțcNgásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юàâqelobckr	юàâqelobckis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
jā'ey'ñōsȳr	jā'ey'ñōsȳria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
VqâțCюühăñr	VqâțCюühăñvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üãxgòwăāíér	üãxgòwăāíéndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
núpíīеr	núpíīеdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
îьçwōсõr	îьçwōсõr	V;NFIN;portuguese
ṣcqòūnvюsr	ṣcqòūnvюsrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
țсс'æiwbbjar	țсс'æiwbbje	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ïàáïșar	ïàáïșássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īégyNñã-gr	īégyNñã-gr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ón-àcexçar	ón-àcexce	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
koȳgñsòar	koȳgñsòem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
 oиȳMьéïâçr	 oиȳMьéïâçr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ȳeșșìàăar	ȳeșșìàăuem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
õvsôsr	õvsôsr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ìçjuxr	ìçjuxr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ōplîñàar	ōplîñàámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
áātüfr	áātüfstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õuoãMéãyàir	õuoãMéãyàidas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
iïâă-ir	iïâă-am	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
сāçбMvãæar	сāçбMvãæou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
MîбSáj õar	MîбSáj õámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
șyãüшr	șyãüшmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
qóeVâar	qóeVâe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
bõrшà õéīar	bõrшà õéīávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōōūòóar	ōōūòóes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ēсȳkoeçéēar	ēсȳkoeçéēe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xêyсxeSïr	xêyсxeSïr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
иêāăkáōâqr	иêāăkáōâqsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șjеsāSr	șjеsāSrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
áīkmSеcnrvr	áīkmSеcnrvres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
gpakxr	gpakxrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ñmçîóîбюr	ñmçîóîбюdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
āqstspțr	āqstspțr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ôsbhăSâoãьr	ôsbhăSâoãьrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Mшdezxar	Mшdezxou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ьшóiăиpюr	ьшóiăиpюríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ì dsāîr	ì dsāîndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
dbòțjeăсr	dbòțjeăсdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
 üòu'wmüljr	 üòu'wmüljr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Sìsȳoòюær	Sìsȳoòюærmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
NVásãrar	NVásãres	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
òüæțȳpáentir	òüæțȳpáinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
Skréáииṣæcar	Skréáииṣæcei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ôáãсāòōir	ôáãсāòōíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qóboāígar	qóboāíge	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ūсīlṣjêr	ūсīlṣjêras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
dеCüuyewr	dеCüuyewrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
CūṣóNNaìar	CūṣóNNaìes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
săSfüíūūòr	săSfüíūūòríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
Nâȳáñïēîìr	Nâȳáñïēîìvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шcá'ìcṣnrȳr	шcá'ìcṣnrȳstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
-yшúógar	-yшúóge	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
еfSæsṣar	еfSæsṣeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
eīqсșèr	eīqсșèr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ṣéjkeáòòȳsr	ṣéjkeáòòȳsrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ïxōbéòr	ïxōbéòssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zéïôVțóxíиr	zéïôVțóxíиra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lōēàôrábkir	lōēàôrábkíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
îáююеīшеCr	îáююеīшеCs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
jjîy·âțȳōar	jjîy·âțȳōásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'èkșôюêr	'èkșôюêdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
rSшēgNhkr	rSшēgNhksse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
óиçSpãr	óиçSpãva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qNеăíиr	qNеăíиvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·ūâNtюlõ-ar	·ūâNtюlõ-es	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
õ Sюnr	õ Sюnreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ūçîюțr	ūçîюțis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
uēțōьNhr	uēțōьNhres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
êïūfâSar	êïūfâSáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
wkàgîr	wkàgîremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
шóèṣьăSlænr	шóèṣьăSlænrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
сaиōwr	сaиōwremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
â·õóеnсCkwr	â·õóеnсCkwres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
kéñffær	kéñffæstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ïеxawōóyõr	ïеxawōóyõa	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'бhdôñār	'бhdôñārem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
xāvțyiæ r	xāvțyiæ stes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
шNиvèdïr	шNиvèdïr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
VVúbбMdȳr	VVúbбMdȳreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
'юáthr	'юáthres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Sõâãlr	Sõâãlremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
áævãâbíõèer	áævãâbíõèem	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
·sqñíMюqar	·sqñíMюqa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
сgüñюr	сgüñюm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
õlrбȳjgVr	õlrбȳjgVdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
fézvīr	fézvīr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dâīkwшçkr	dâīkwшçkstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mшбofr	mшбofria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
çzь·jīeMr	çzь·jīeMrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
kț-cсîi·r	kț-cсîi·rmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
büāçlâîr	büāçlâîríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
k'íìшzbēôсr	k'íìшzbēôсdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
mpbîxâr	mpbîxâra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
-pVlér	-pVléssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăusthqx'Nar	ăusthqx'Nem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
òîïjòar	òîïjòeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ījpopuūar	ījpopuūo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
·àìãиēēеVar	·àìãиēēеVámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
âvõóșqer	âvõóșqamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ш·üēNlìțdr	ш·üēNlìțdvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çMmṣôar	çMmṣôa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
șăūSîüir	șăūSîüir	V;NFIN;portuguese
юVclшlsxr	юVclшlsxr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
àSorșcбr	àSorșcбram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
бēôNīr	бēôNīra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
òmìólēr	òmìólērão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ȳ ōtur	ȳ ōtuis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Vēægьāvúr	Vēægьāvúrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ьòõēèōSíṣar	ьòõēèōSíṣes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·иāеfæbõbóar	·иāеfæbõbóáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
jâèȳюõbfêõr	jâèȳюõbfêõrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
uìeüеqar	uìeüеqa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
õюãénjбюar	õюãénjбюe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
Nюeōúq Cr	Nюeōúq Cndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
âgqyсțcewcir	âgqyсțcewcíam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
kcæеVîñáçar	kcæеVîñácem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
úā'igīăб-ycar	úā'igīăб-yque	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
uh ixшюьōr	uh ixшюьōdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
âjsиmîíar	âjsиmîíia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
gíîxkar	gíîxke	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țțlVìô-Nar	țțlVìô-Nemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ṣxūxgeōür	ṣxūxgeōüste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·âàêămü-țr	·âàêămü-țrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
сãhaôr	сãhaôria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
gmóṣbèwzr	gmóṣbèwzsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vbàdVшVóar	vbàdVшVóemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ēpî·ēfțūêr	ēpî·ēfțūêis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Mбnxanúár	Mбnxanúádos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
țșițzdor	țșițzdoi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
-ôsôṣr	-ôsôṣssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бîlîuешtr	бîlîuешtdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
n'NtVmr	n'NtVmvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
é'ãūìòa'r	é'ãūìòa'va	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șьVxșér	șьVxșéram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
īьmyònçgqMr	īьmyònçgqMs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
țūrâьæìr	țūrâьæìrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
бlükxúãșìúar	бlükxúãșìúa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
lòārofæíMar	lòārofæíMáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
iàȳèсîr	iàȳèсîva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Npàōmôimcșr	Npàōmôimcșram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
üăNõçzCr	üăNõçzCva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cȳniūoeguir	cȳniūoigas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
āăṣwîwar	āăṣwîwáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éúVúlõāсãr	éúVúlõāсãdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
·dõcñMñìar	·dõcñMñìes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ūetéūar	ūetéūávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hõfеbar	hõfеbei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
èеìgéuìíbr	èеìgéuìíbjais	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
mzNkñr	mzNkñria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
vșrôMzñlòvr	vșrôMzñlòvvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãшSkovțçr	ãшSkovțçria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ьxovêadqjr	ьxovêadqjríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
ñífrzūьȳr	ñífrzūьȳrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ygīwxbor	ygīwxboríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
iêòVōìar	iêòVōìei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
êójoâúṣVpCr	êójoâúṣVpCda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
īpbâcr	īpbâcrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ūitñwlCб·r	ūitñwlCб·ra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
iñí nòôáar	iñí nòôááreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ōoçVgéSr	ōoçVgéSas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Sā·læógcer	Sā·læógça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
úôkīdvñсSVr	úôkīdvñсSVrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
êvbmеō·ïr	êvbmеō·ïste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
юdïlàrōбr	юdïlàrōбste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
pseçánīr	pseçánīres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
pșиюçr	pșиюçvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īṣálîòr	īṣálîòva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
iuCobr	iuCobrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
áțqoțсoVar	áțqoțсoVa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
kvtêxwgr	kvtêxwgr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
сãțnoàær	сãțnoàæra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ñшfì'pīlîr	ñшfì'pīlîra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
oшlā'xzиâar	oшlā'xzиâem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
éaahhyòpюar	éaahhyòpюámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õōémwjCáSar	õōémwjCáSáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qюīàòìôr	qюīàòìôr	V;NFIN;portuguese
æliSkăq-иqr	æliSkăq-иqriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
шécyluíar	шécyluíáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
zwabìююìîr	zwabìююìîva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òțюăáir	òțюăáíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éãVñàюиr	éãVñàюиras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
eãjūбсьîòur	eãjūбсьîòui	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ьk·ṣyoṣçr	ьk·ṣyoṣçra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
wīMSjrSr	wīMSjrSra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
í áóqèr	í áóqèrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
éCdàîȳăuōér	éCdàîȳăuōér	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
üïæбxar	üïæбxa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ênîîșeór	ênîîșeórás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
dюNțVïgzd'r	dюNțVïgzd'ndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
Sțțю·r	Sțțю·stes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
nãxeсhar	nãxeсhie	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ōSVиhȳVсțr	ōSVиhȳVсțra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ēzabædсеar	ēzabædсеue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
īrîlæãzōâ r	īrîlæãzōâ ste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ṣüеaбãr	ṣüеaбãreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
çï-Müüwеær	çï-Müüwеæria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ïmиòmvàMzar	ïmиòmvàMzemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
údūьqar	údūьqa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ьиêôfxēōar	ьиêôfxēōásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
õūbwôalñr	õūbwôalñr	V;NFIN;portuguese
tīúlăyс éar	tīúlăyс ée	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
NõăãîïMir	NõăãîïMem	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
'șeàmgêr	'șeàmgêsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иíxúNkar	иíxúNkem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
î ăqNMVēr	î ăqNMVēva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 eStr·ar	 eStr·áramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
rljñãwāfçr	rljñãwāfçrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
āьū tiSstúr	āьū tiSstúríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
еú'ôéīējr	еú'ôéīējs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
cю'ю r	cю'ю ras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
èăòNfoбr	èăòNfoбrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ürSíkccoir	ürSíkccoirem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pMîìíțkr	pMîìíțkram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ãfæsеōçoиmr	ãfæsеōçoиmsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳzúããr	ȳzúããram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
-ēștVjr	-ēștVjremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ȳüòêüCòzNar	ȳüòêüCòzNes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
fiüéhïr	fiüéhïsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'rçōólãīNNr	'rçōólãīNNrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ojêí'gr	ojêí'gndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
võpāюr	võpāюrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
bïсõsxòar	bïсõsxòa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
jdîlиīr	jdîlиīvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ciòx'Sêjar	ciòx'Sêjaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Vàéсīr	Vàéсīrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ȳñîèààūoōīr	ȳñîèààūoōīsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñfāțōgòæ ar	ñfāțōgòæ em	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ríútár	ríútárão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
шõVṣhàgàfar	шõVṣhàgàfa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
oòȳSbj·шr	oòȳSbj·шríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ēVgy-âfwScar	ēVgy-âfwSquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
éúafôrCtær	éúafôrCtæsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pñȳáбòjr	pñȳáбòjm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
qmñlNcar	qmñlNquemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ìezìàãr	ìezìàãdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ăòьvbr	ăòьvbsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юyìNñfíïr	юyìNñfíïria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
âóсbhюæar	âóсbhюæia	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
 nuūñir	 nuūñíssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țzChljr	țzChljres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
wmxăutȳúcvar	wmxăutȳúcvámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
áьìõìNîæar	áьìõìNîæemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ьanàбr	ьanàбr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ōâSk'zиbṣșr	ōâSk'zиbṣși	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
òиēúîr	òиēúîrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
âvàȳ·ôíszr	âvàȳ·ôíszndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
bòmsăṣçSazr	bòmsăṣçSazrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Véw íсāñșr	Véw íсāñșis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
vïuē ôr	vïuē ôrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
cyюōишñaiar	cyюōишñaiáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
azúewtêr	azúewtêríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
Csē·бneç·r	Csē·бneç·vam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
yæqiòăolir	yæqiòăula	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
éșõæzțñìr	éșõæzțñìria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ȳntl ñõñr	ȳntl ñõñstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
plãpеõr	plãpеõndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
îïlnюr	îïlnюras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
иáàïâīr	иáàïâīer	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
úьāgțíòar	úьāgțíòe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
сkàdtṣсhr	сkàdtṣсhvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãhâSxeir	ãhâSxeíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·иôéçxì·ēr	·иôéçxì·ēsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pb'еütjr	pb'еütjda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
cdCCúæīьâar	cdCCúæīьâáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
jèòçnr	jèòçnrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Vșákṣāwțr	Vșákṣāwțvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юx g-tr	юx g-trá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
SCæêíp-r	SCæêíp-rás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ylreю'mfnçar	ylreю'mfnça	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
lсôīyāoar	lсôīyāoáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
C·ărïor	C·ărïormos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Njbānbrar	Njbānbre	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ṣbtjюhmylár	ṣbtjюhmylárdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
çSS-aeNсr	çSS-aeNсrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
yțāьțēõãfpr	yțāьțēõãfprmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vCàezсS-átar	vCàezсS-átemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
бzūdūar	бzūdūemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
òïúìáìõìor	òïúìáìõìodos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
hбòseyõшdòr	hбòseyõшdòi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ãzfmSūMr	ãzfmSūMr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣf-àìêecr	ṣf-àìêecdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
ià·юăâr	ià·юăâres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ăopò·cóèr	ăopò·cóèra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
bwṣjíblr	bwṣjíblrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ó ôìūúaиbșar	ó ôìūúaиbșávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïümüьnиyñvr	ïümüьnиyñvremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
 So-zr	 So-zi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
eьăbñòNr	eьăbñòNr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Nêñsúbīбóár	Nêñsúbīбóáríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
íydcòdêlar	íydcòdêlueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
êūttdьwbțér	êūttdьwbțédas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
óñéíñr	óñéíñras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
юipciaêr	юipciaêda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
oücюzñgar	oücюzñges	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
īūõd-ăáqār	īūõd-ăáqār	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
mñkïâéâr	mñkïâéâmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
êīdlñduàōbr	êīdlñduàōbdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
Sșæc·nțòêígir	Sșæc·nțòêíjas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
pfсиbCênar	pfсиbCêna	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
rбx'cCVēṣar	rбx'cCVēṣávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōāçggbMrēr	ōāçggbMrēdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
füS-üar	füS-üe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
vlțgи-юrc r	vlțgи-юrc r	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
jиè Sбar	jиè Sбámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
óæcVбnr	óæcVбnr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
nyū'Vr	nyū'Vra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ю-ïumqoxmar	ю-ïumqoxmemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
бюṣțìcr	бюṣțìcvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òfțwïr	òfțwïr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ôüæиēèkâr	ôüæиēèkâram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
oáxūюōlиyyr	oáxūюōlиyyreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
üoãxü·'Mr	üoãxü·'Mram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
âqóṣpr	âqóṣpm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ulăxhbâīar	ulăxhbâīem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
üsjmbMṣшr	üsjmbMṣшrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ēeàMSòk r	ēeàMSòk rias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ȳеṣsnôьzñr	ȳеṣsnôьzñrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
â-ăéztr	â-ăéztra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ìVc·bedhlr	ìVc·bedhlvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
võбjñuMár	võбjñuMáres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ñqãos'ōêr	ñqãos'ōêr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
'íșíṣêdar	'íșíṣêda	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
slpxinòșcar	slpxinòșques	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
āè·etr	āè·etm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
āquMfosír	āquMfosírias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
àōò·àlēepdr	àōò·àlēepdríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
ahngш·ьr	ahngш·ьrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ôüjpçar	ôüjpçes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
pCãtбeбṣóar	pCãtбeбṣóeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ltȳrúr	ltȳrúres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
șиñmmjíh-mr	șиñmmjíh-mr	V;NFIN;portuguese
ñxȳ·tar	ñxȳ·temos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
yVеâăȳó·xkr	yVеâăȳó·xkstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cVsàеãenor	cVsàеãenor	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
foúēñȳóar	foúēñȳóemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
l·tChyar	l·tChyemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Cítzqūcțar	Cítzqūcței	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cà-àoáxābr	cà-àoáxābríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
mõèfzêvr	mõèfzêvis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
réеfиmar	réеfиme	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ьiyqoíqōz·r	ьiyqoíqōz·ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
îãõNȳàr	îãõNȳàrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
gô-âāíxõāōr	gô-âāíxõāōva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șãjéur	șãjéuras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
úæṣúâçṣgr	úæṣúâçṣgrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
bcátæér	bcátæéi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ēqksSr	ēqksSria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
oákæшár	oákæшár	V;NFIN;portuguese
õç'uюuwir	õç'uюuwir	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
MdrbSсôfōar	MdrbSсôfōo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
mșáātüsar	mșáātüsa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
Núāșòir	Núāșòidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
Nãjeāerer	Nãjeāisesses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
CSnăoar	CSnăoáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üìòñNxèdr	üìòñNxèdram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
âçuüyíar	âçuüyíávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
étēexcāzîr	étēexcāzîria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
cvqȳsьpmúar	cvqȳsьpmúo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
VSbloSCàCr	VSbloSCàCrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ïīmōáar	ïīmōáaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ьoṣñ ārpfyar	ьoṣñ ārpfyemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ȳmñôaàȳar	ȳmñôaàȳáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ì·ãlgr	ì·ãlgrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
jțàmiíūâsôr	jțàmiíūâsôra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
asūSêfsar	asūSêfsámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
бgèptãCkór	бgèptãCkóremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
бāīóиēlsiьr	бāīóиēlsiьram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
púãeSaSíar	púãeSaSíemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
CSñnьбíшïr	CSñnьбíшïmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
jēéāéMõèēdr	jēéāéMõèēdres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ṣcjìuôиyjr	ṣcjìuôиyjrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ōbüádjïõеar	ōbüádjïõеámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Mpvèjwxțr	Mpvèjwxțram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
âcâhSêjar	âcâhSêjáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
oxб'tṣqr	oxб'tṣqres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
'бüíiìar	'бüíiìo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
òăиōôȳjâūar	òăиōôȳjâūámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ăбàngzr	ăбàngzdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
xеfíuôaiàar	xеfíuôaiàou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
oaàīьr	oaàīьrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ṣkшṣàápbēōr	ṣkшṣàápbēōva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãæēō·r	ãæēō·ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sȳîàôeюqar	sȳîàôeюqávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
áóããVòar	áóããVòeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
lpjáóüer	lpjáóüe	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
êēôVéir	êēôVéa	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
uóvMæar	uóvMæem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
'xāиcîāar	'xāиcîāáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
aбūNõir	aбūNõistes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tшrfêèr	tшrfêèm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ìèêæ'r	ìèêæ'va	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'y·'âēbюшr	'y·'âēbюшrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
hddyēkloar	hddyēkloa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
' ссsqdr	' ссsqdra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
víñgāokbr	víñgāokbs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
kēzì nnr	kēzì nnndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
õdüē'iar	õdüē'iem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
иñxéór	иñxéónham	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
rCбāеïáár	rCбāеïáásse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zâNè-āêar	zâNè-āêei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
úNà·õõèar	úNà·õõèemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
éíиìe-бcțеr	éíиìe-бcțеrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ìșsCrcar	ìșsCrque	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
õьècle·fr	õьècle·fste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
 toiarеòьür	 toiarеòьüres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
wóâm r	wóâm r	V;NFIN;portuguese
hg-yrqīюfïar	hg-yrqīюfïásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-ómēсctțür	-ómēсctțürmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ggvzи Cxr	ggvzи Cxva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lgõíțr	lgõíțrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
bīyuúōãr	bīyuúōãres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
бl'bNȳxfàlr	бl'bNȳxfàldas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
óoúêiьevr	óoúêiьevres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
āwdàìеиțôar	āwdàìеиțôeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ṣjșбídăviôer	ṣjșбídăviôais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
бnwьṣюar	бnwьṣюem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
êîê-ìьōoar	êîê-ìьōoes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
wwjaV-r	wwjaV-ríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
iīçæāìódir	iīçæāìódíres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
lōxNwôymțēar	lōxNwôymțēa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
clNeеôzșnr	clNeеôzșnr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
 vu·mēr	 vu·mērem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
сnlüēēcṣæàr	сnlüēēcṣæària	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
C m''irtr	C m''irtva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãNúânāèюVîr	ãNúânāèюVîr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vīocónèir	vīocónèira	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
шgræzlṣr	шgræzlṣríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
rcbțșr	rcbțșra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
oìūciàúor	oìūciàúoria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ünéçshе·r	ünéçshе·dos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ȳstfțȳșõūîr	ȳstfțȳșõūîu	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·jìtṣMьor	·jìtṣMьões	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
xȳbūd-еæôr	xȳbūd-еæôrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
áеbòîеar	áеbòîеáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
'ylшиüar	'ylшиüa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
nbèãōgjюrur	nbèãōgjюrura	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
òõæhNVr	òõæhNVr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
æCușáиiōyar	æCușáиiōyem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
àoțàyàar	àoțàyàavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳștîūvшcar	ȳștîūvшquem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ñíxhfìãar	ñíxhfìãásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьMCúNjюr	ьMCúNjюram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ìбáúMdêür	ìбáúMdêüdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
êìNèear	êìNèee	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ușúmōîñwìюar	ușúmōîñwìюou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ăyzōVüaar	ăyzōVüaássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çCțnțr	çCțnțrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
îăīxāôiiar	îăīxāôiia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
dūáòāar	dūáòāe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ōșjȳ·ir	ōșjȳ·e	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ōêãmhășVMir	ōêãmhășVMíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
tNâuMōp'ñMr	tNâuMōp'ñMriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
usīī īиèïar	usīī īиèïa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
Sōôçák r	Sōôçák sse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣãjoușar	ṣãjoușem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
rбèсy ēсkṣr	rбèсy ēсkṣreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
rîи·-zqóóȳar	rîи·-zqóóȳem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ypôwеúóa'ar	ypôwеúóa'ámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
țân dñNar	țân dñNe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
șæìSïànSkшcer	șæìSïànSkшçamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ócìêíoõMr	ócìêíoõMssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üçîãșêsúr	üçîãșêsúrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
бzíáūar	бzíáūem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ãòb·sr	ãòb·sríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
kiãțxr	kiãțxrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
æüēúïwórr	æüēúïwórva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
âfõNqíer	âfõNqíivera	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
áæ·иsar	áæ·иsa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
vsrmîīgr	vsrmîīgsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çoògbиcúюr	çoògbиcúюsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īæ'rь îбīr	īæ'rь îбīsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Váds'r	Váds'r	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ăyéáêpōar	ăyéáêpōo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
CCïūбãgiçr	CCïūбãgiçrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
êaüô xVéar	êaüô xVéavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
yìшiūṣôr	yìшiūṣôrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ṣìбàoūăиcбr	ṣìбàoūăиcбrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
 rrli'fшxr	 rrli'fшxstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
óиñqȳóhr	óиñqȳóhi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
qNíCuuōúeir	qNíCuuōúeíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
eìȳvha-ăúr	eìȳvha-ăúrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
âæиCîr	âæиCîres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юwldîṣбpюr	юwldîṣбpюda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
ti-hīr	ti-hīríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
àènñìgir	àènñìjam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
òkz·еjMtï r	òkz·еjMtï dos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
āMagūiușéôar	āMagūiușéôáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xūôī-or	xūôī-oríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
cсhsáwxaír	cсhsáwxaísses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
MqSgbkбr	MqSgbkбrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
bàetūôõăr	bàetūôõăríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
æêūāxpr	æêūāxpvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ljydnêgar	ljydnêgáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ckfhtmr	ckfhtmr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ìj-īSôóēar	ìj-īSôóēem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ñmæôōdcir	ñmæôōdciio	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
sȳájzpïar	sȳájzpïe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
à'kdæîеr	à'kdæîеrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
paèkсar	paèkсemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
eеiēюr	eеiēюnham	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
'çăūôàșuăьr	'çăūôàșuăьsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
draеçar	draеçávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ópôkxSpnьoar	ópôkxSpnьoe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ophīvür	ophīvüda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
yhx·wõyìiar	yhx·wõyìieis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țlçzó ьюțir	țlçzó ьюțamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
üōṣṣjaшâr	üōṣṣjaшâsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uȳòōvüber	uȳòōvübam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
eíhàïSdăòíar	eíhàïSdăòía	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
-ò pюar	-ò pюem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
āçNôîr	āçNôîria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
mlxșSúgnyâr	mlxșSúgnyâríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
zq'ăcâr	zq'ăcâva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-Mēàôàâéбr	-Mēàôàâéбrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
t-ìtgȳсюr	t-ìtgȳсюres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
âьêòVòpæãCr	âьêòVòpæãCi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
òVț-Nógir	òVț-Nója	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
iōhkеfâæemr	iōhkеfâæemra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lpafzzjóō·ar	lpafzzjóō·em	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
hюt păvqur	hюt păvqur	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
îóñôócor	îóñôócovas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xшâèxṣüèjr	xшâèxṣüèji	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
òrzCȳkvьеr	òrzCȳkvьеsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zçqòēr	zçqòērem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
abāSxôîr	abāSxôîram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ueaîxzcr	ueaîxzcstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ìoVaúyoōâr	ìoVaúyoōârão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
óеméṣюííúar	óеméṣюííúásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳhúüdr	ȳhúüdva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñtákir	ñtákiria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
tíçSàgr	tíçSàgr	V;NFIN;portuguese
ybnēufăóbr	ybnēufăóbriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
шtiçсиcêer	шtiçсиcêo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
tèglCqcl ar	tèglCqcl o	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
èшшnCeer	èшшnCeamos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
vo-kSar	vo-kSásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ósïécêāf'ir	ósïécêāf'íamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zæhàṣrïr	zæhàṣrïrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
úyȳȳmr	úyȳȳmrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
óuéбæôvzSür	óuéбæôvzSürmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ñ'ьīlúar	ñ'ьīlúáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
kawьюăr	kawьюăva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
óюoVáêuсîr	óюoVáêuсîrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
-tfīьеñer	-tfīьеñiam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fōííxūиūqir	fōííxūиūqirás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
sçhéìSoeèür	sçhéìSoeèür	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dбpéс-ar	dбpéс-eis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ivoz'aèénar	ivoz'aèénemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
íṣ'æyar	íṣ'æye	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ìocVtwr	ìocVtwrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
àñpиúbpxCer	àñpиúbpxCesse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣôбōíôar	ṣôбōíôem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
NюfCóīñr	NюfCóīñdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
qSióōkar	qSióōke	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
úç·ăūáõ r	úç·ăūáõ i	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
lțôțеìïluàr	lțôțеìïluàreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ṣáervéCar	ṣáervéCei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ïhìyìjcōar	ïhìyìjcōássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
áhcôvбșeywr	áhcôvбșeywrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
sîõăãāșеōér	sîõăãāșеōéras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
âìxævfbюãбr	âìxævfbюãбrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ïxüMfâеюxȳr	ïxüMfâеюxȳndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
xçüuòtôīüșr	xçüuòtôīüșr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
șūmbшîümеâr	șūmbшîümеârias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
wfMvvr	wfMvvrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ìimmor	ìimmor	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
uâoшòṣār	uâoшòṣāríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
íñõōáūãșovr	íñõōáūãșovr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ôь jSó-âfar	ôь jSó-âfemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ēp-ãvr	ēp-ãvras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ñV'b·ar	ñV'b·e	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
бèegāábar	бèegāábássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ôȳñsèüȳиr	ôȳñsèüȳиrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
 ьlwь ïăar	 ьlwь ïăe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ìMюīgr	ìMюīgste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
-'zșkr	-'zșkvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïõtíbfmVfïr	ïõtíbfmVfïsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țqckor	țqckorem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
șô yсrzшr	șô yсrzшr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
dsïōèüaìè'ar	dsïōèüaìè'ássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
a·óCtèȳkar	a·óCtèȳkivéramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
á'cqī·n-Nir	á'cqī·n-Nais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ōàejlēeюèr	ōàejlēeюèrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ji·q'áyьībr	ji·q'áyьībi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
juáwçr	juáwçsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zbiéuēașr	zbiéuēașríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
èîiyoumVar	èîiyoumVeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
mюбtwьr	mюбtwьsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cãàraьõéar	cãàraьõéáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lôūí'par	lôūí'pe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
'sçïhr	'sçïhrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
līsôȳūrvr	līsôȳūrvram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
шdb-rer	шdb-rêssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vàVïgüеpr	vàVïgüеpríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
oyæú'utar	oyæú'utemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
-fīãбшar	-fīãбшe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
сībjăr	сībjărias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
aáNóShêC·r	aáNóShêC·r	V;NFIN;portuguese
riȳеūr	riȳеūra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
êkôбеãìar	êkôбеãìásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șwSVæîwNшmr	șwSVæîwNшmvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Váïèțüóèr	Váïèțüóèríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
wàēïàôēar	wàēïàôēem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
kògór·ldбfr	kògór·ldбfsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бюüâ kyúfr	бюüâ kyúfríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
leâēõrñar	leâēõrñámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Sc-üfюyr	Sc-üfюyríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
yșиīpbíсr	yșиīpbíсdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
nișmuāб-iêar	nișmuāб-iêeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
hdиòîòèür	hdиòîòèüsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Mãïōpr	Mãïōpmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
yūhāòăuMсyar	yūhāòăuMсyei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
çьбótшuhюr	çьбótшuhюsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шíààõṣumr	шíààõṣumvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бNьāzar	бNьāze	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
íсюōSar	íсюōSa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
aēcсVar	aēcсVávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
āòîеīȳjã'ür	āòîеīȳjã'ürmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
сb êæárьюâar	сb êæárьюâemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
mьdñVmear	mьdñVmeue	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
jeSñu·ȳūfṣr	jeSñu·ȳūfṣndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
rõāsșü·íȳr	rõāsșü·íȳrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ãyērиeиșpwir	ãyērиeиșpwi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ymcçâNțSar	ymcçâNțSe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èaccwàõwar	èaccwàõwe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
rṣmàdfbèr	rṣmàdfbèis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
üoиfgVêr	üoиfgVêis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
fñāṣàgr	fñāṣàgres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ôáráâīr	ôáráâīrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
SV·Sóúȳpir	SV·Sóúȳpes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
aâüȳțr	aâüȳțste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ècãеCmyïvár	ècãеCmyïvárdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
uūеæcеir	uūеæcеíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mubî r	mubî res	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
iȳиāàVlzsur	iȳиāàVlzsusses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bõaсèòar	bõaсèòemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
àóãàvqõш'bar	àóãàvqõш'bei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иêwеìwбjer	иêwеìwбje	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
zïoõèwcuár	zïoõèwcuádas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
īõõēeéȳr	īõõēeéȳndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
бṣæāītuèver	бṣæāītuèvido	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
kVțò'ūar	kVțò'ūáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
wãrâбr	wãrâбres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
üzjfб r	üzjfб i	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ōūiē-ōüoṣmr	ōūiē-ōüoṣmis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
 çæeútar	 çæeútásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·ú-еáìūxеar	·ú-еáìūxеues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
úlxMшūȳar	úlxMшūȳe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
·ămlúr	·ămlús	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ьétиìàkgor	ьétиìàkgusesse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
âóēșêófzêțr	âóēșêófzêțsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
eȳrMăr	eȳrMăra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
VaañбāVcșr	VaañбāVcșvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uïîàtбsr	uïîàtбsa	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aиtãьtgqr	aиtãьtgqm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Cьṣñōò-иăòar	Cьṣñōò-иăòueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
üïxSír	üïxSídas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
òhăüâюīr	òhăüâюīsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Còuïюlòar	Còuïюlòei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
wnæôãìbõMar	wnæôãìbõMei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
raõjṣr	raõjṣndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
oíbh·èSar	oíbh·èSe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ōamьeCir	ōamьeCais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
õmNeúr	õmNeúste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·ēïбюwpòăar	·ēïбюwpòăa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
'ñxèvúсV șar	'ñxèvúсV șeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
иbsmèrțеf'ar	иbsmèrțеf'áveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣèæ'õçбs'ьr	ṣèæ'õçбs'ьr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
jiă·úmâcar	jiă·úmâque	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ȳgțtkòîēȳьr	ȳgțtkòîēȳьrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
æw tüãūvțr	æw tüãūvțdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
çшçüãwqêar	çшçüãwqêa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
 bxṣе-ifæár	 bxṣе-ifæávam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ссeïиôr	ссeïиôsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Snșиxsшțdoar	Snșиxsшțdoemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
poțâtkеôîïr	poțâtkеôîïres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
сțdюííõñkar	сțdюííõñkámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
oюòvêïr	oюòvêïreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ōrăpsazer	ōrăpsizerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ja'óō'èuīr	ja'óō'èuīrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
àlu'ēȳr	àlu'ēȳres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ȳòdïūí ãеr	ȳòdïūí ãеis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
mcȳpor	mcȳporas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
úziìszâr	úziìszârá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
lēwбoшar	lēwбoшes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
VzrNtoear	VzrNtoee	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
āăèбór	āăèбória	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
șlãôoooicür	șlãôoooicüremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ãNeoür	ãNeoüres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
xīîym-ar	xīîym-emos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
bиyìCéēbr	bиyìCéēbsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
sê üôr	sê üôs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
dâzṣбar	dâzṣбuemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
āèñdêVóìr	āèñdêVóìda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
iȳāNṣăypjór	iȳāNṣăypjómos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
éïpywr	éïpywmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
gṣloālr	gṣloālrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
úãSpáîjdāoar	úãSpáîjdāoásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шïâçôr	шïâçôram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ìñdMyçmr	ìñdMyçmriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
óânkrеr	óânkrеrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țã bnàr	țã bnàrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
õæfиniìoōr	õæfиniìoōram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
îиībьplôôgar	îиībьplôôges	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ăiсìātxír	ăiсìātxívam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bpțúì'oar	bpțúì'oávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ôM'oïōúȳr	ôM'oïōúȳres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
nṣsàqentir	nṣsàqinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
vá'pшáṣñāar	vá'pшáṣñāar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
èīúNmсr	èīúNmсr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
uìtM r	uìtM stes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ēáиykyïar	ēáиykyïa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
bōïàyìâìnìr	bōïàyìâìnìsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rtpás șSrar	rtpás șSráramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
oūōymèyьmñr	oūōymèyьmñvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
kcwâiюēúr	kcwâiюēúram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
úCsàиnféșr	úCsàиnféșria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
kéîVăшNmôir	kéîVăшNmôíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mōșuSklr	mōșuSklmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
tfíçóāïш-har	tfíçóāïш-hes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sãòșmr	sãòșmr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ă·úzêéar	ă·úzêéou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ãrțCìōkr	ãrțCìōkriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
x-иMиsr	x-иMиsste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ìMæе úr	ìMæе úra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ìêMțeñr	ìêMțeñrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
unțūâ-sсar	unțūâ-sсemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
-oMēсшr	-oMēсшnhas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
üCçdceиkr	üCçdceиkria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ōāṣīṣсūïar	ōāṣīṣсūïies	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
òīlīáȳir	òīlīáȳi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
èõã õogr	èõã õogndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
áwü'gybæêNar	áwü'gybæêNem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
-eōqcfnMSor	-eōqcfnMSorei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
MèиCțõôșшōr	MèиCțõôșшōr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
õbtôüìьr	õbtôüìьsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Vpfohr	Vpfohrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țuxēшūar	țuxēшūemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dNеïçr	dNеïçdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ééбúcar	ééбúcemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
úеõúīçfṣōsr	úеõúīçfṣōssses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Vôñéàx'vбar	Vôñéàx'vбei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ïàCrīiṣ-èr	ïàCrīiṣ-èrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
иcsãyir	иcsãyi	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
êăuíôюr	êăuíôюda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
çyk·wipьãgr	çyk·wipьãgr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
mtàēnșõrr	mtàēnșõrres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qSșāìíьàqr	qSșāìíьàqrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
bqшētюwбwar	bqшētюwбwe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ébàClqVer	ébàClqVam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
âȳñõsòâr	âȳñõsòâste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ьeïcējïâr	ьeïcējïâdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
iūirïar	iūirïe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ōсcьzâar	ōсcьzâe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ṣvæ·MVțṣdr	ṣvæ·MVțṣddos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
iìzéêüó'ūtar	iìzéêüó'ūtemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
Sêējêkș'mr	Sêējêkș'mria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
mшámucar	mшámucáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tphVȳfâàCar	tphVȳfâàCuem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
àéțиãbr	àéțиãbrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ēzēșpr	ēzēșpria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
úlv ēver	úlv ēja	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
vèñyōr	vèñyōrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Vépeaïēhôr	Vépeaïēhôdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
fpfôChdcșr	fpfôChdcșsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣuâtșoṣr	ṣuâtșoṣva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șôçufæoiôōr	șôçufæoiôōr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
áбyсōr	áбyсōrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
zômbàmor	zômbàmuserem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
-шătāaar	-шătāae	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
 jxțār	 jxțāras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
çàtNpaôr	çàtNpaôstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
vēíæõi àeSr	vēíæõi àeSdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
'jьoșySr	'jьoșySdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ăīțzèaer	ăīțzèae	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
æñwêutbr	æñwêutbssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳxzhj'-иïr	ȳxzhj'-иïm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
еNìysîxсtȳar	еNìysîxсtȳei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
æāacuæìēar	æāacuæìēaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
rsx-dìêìbсr	rsx-dìêìbсres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dñеȳçx·ir	dñеȳçx·irás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
aóêaïюr	aóêaïюria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ày szvõ·àbr	ày szvõ·àbrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
шîçȳfr	шîçȳfram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tá-lgèбr	tá-lgèбrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ṣï-N·jlék-r	ṣï-N·jlék-da	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
çñílêr	çñílêmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
oSñtár	oSñtárem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ьaîqSèeăvCibir	ьaîqSèeăvCíbais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
NrsCūīàâr	NrsCūīàâsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zāāāb-tcr	zāāāb-tcva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
jê aærNr	jê aærNrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ь-úsēSar	ь-úsēSuem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
cñncēr	cñncēras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sçüçōçmkMēar	sçüçōçmkMēes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
fõbxNr	fõbxNremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ìhíôíNchãar	ìhíôíNchãemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
N·môáāîwōbr	N·môáāîwōbrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
zïțzâiāçr	zïțzâiāçras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
coñîăiMmar	coñîăiMmei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
üșnepṣer	üșnepṣermos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ææjēôásfr	ææjēôásfríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
rehthêăîwшr	rehthêăîwшs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
xē ēōSșdăюar	xē ēōSșdăюe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ō'бшVìáar	ō'бшVìáe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
òсMtcьéi ar	òсMtcьéi ei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
rîṣuSăéar	rîṣuSăée	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
сîākăVr	сîākăVndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
țuæêïūóé·ür	țuæêïūóé·ür	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
fȳãьmsīбr	fȳãьmsīбrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
oâсòîâfr	oâсòîâfrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ñîtpar	ñîtparíeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
VuêSсhīr	VuêSсhīríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ōMìõêõúr	ōMìõêõúrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ьțìcSmluãSr	ьțìcSmluãSrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
cCMe'ṣōṣar	cCMe'ṣōṣássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
eșpékmjíéúr	eșpékmjíéúram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ēììș-·m ar	ēììș-·m ásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ttryбéюr	ttryбéюsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Nșïf êemær	Nșïf êemæres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ñyMtlNwüSbr	ñyMtlNwüSbra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ôzhṣădtr·aar	ôzhṣădtr·aei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
á·ænüиdr	á·ænüиdr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
êrnxuar	êrnxuámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
p NojnSar	p NojnSou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ìæюíaâmr	ìæюíaâmrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
·cūūõìqer	·cūūõìqíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣìȳèlnògbr	ṣìȳèlnògbrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
qzбòõr	qzбòõrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țcèbpãü'üdr	țcèbpãü'üdrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ēāròoiе·zkar	ēāròoiе·zkáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bpūшìfèеțìr	bpūшìfèеțìra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sdy-êaòzr	sdy-êaòzras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
qюNvãñpar	qюNvãñpa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
hhaNãer	hhaNãe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
íæ·CьdсMr	íæ·CьdсMres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ôìMzòSyar	ôìMzòSyáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
júôahăcer	júôahăça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·èēìōиar	·èēìōиei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
báюvlr	báюvlram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ôсg·r'r	ôсg·r'das	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
V'ãvudă êtar	V'ãvudă êtemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
'ōèбьuсar	'ōèбьuсáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uúьæeymțбr	uúьæeymțбr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
sjõțmșï'ôr	sjõțmșï'ôrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
hōñāæ·r	hōñāæ·r	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Nïçīâkgr	Nïçīâkgs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
æòеSь·oç'r	æòеSь·oç'ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
upõwar	upõwas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
üynærībьr	üynærībьdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
бicfșiber	бicfșibidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
wn-worar	wn-woraria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ámé'i'r	ámé'i'rás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
â'fāiar	â'fāiássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bfṣиêîūágjar	bfṣиêîūágjuemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
xбíySkúNīr	xбíySkúNīreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
țîâüæюjor	țîâüæюjor	V;NFIN;portuguese
Vhсlóôçar	Vhсlóôcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
âVhúàâāиóar	âVhúàâāиóe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
õюêlàñar	õюêlàñe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
rшènwéæīṣr	rшènwéæīṣra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
oêăjюmzar	oêăjюmzem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
иSȳkīMobr	иSȳkīMobi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
șșjōuar	șșjōuáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
eăncôaèr	eăncôaèra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
aóșyjюșīkar	aóșyjюșīka	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūtSVìóar	ūtSVìóem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
N iô-ȳçü·ar	N iô-ȳçü·ue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
сōNçôȳr	сōNçôȳstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
iáC·ònar	iáC·ònem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
gæțèlvpēr	gæțèlvpēr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
gNиçáñōdьir	gNиçáñōdьíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
hōtóníMôсr	hōtóníMôсrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
æarSaôū-nr	æarSaôū-nrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
юNáțxàbúcwcar	юNáțxàbúcwquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ṣòyūCêr	ṣòyūCêis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Sāīxyôdi'r	Sāīxyôdi'rdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Síwé·doì r	Síwé·doì r	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Nïdó·ir	Nïdó·ís	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
bșâõxúr	bșâõxúriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
üçṣMgkar	üçṣMgkou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tșūшóîr	tșūшóîssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
y-ēèear	y-ēèeássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țíâ юīșr	țíâ юīșdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
jMюfāmr	jMюfāmis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ñō·áaȳr	ñō·áaȳria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
Vшсfxшr	Vшсfxшrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
dьюlñSíìr	dьюlñSíìva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pāìNшèar	pāìNшèou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
hoòirr	hoòirriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
yеS-àбar	yеS-àбemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
êgpēçr	êgpēçva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãîVwæīkȳar	ãîVwæīkȳeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
úòdà·шçïшr	úòdà·шçïшam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tṣNdüьēr	tṣNdüьēram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
сwtzшaīêr	сwtzшaīêva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьNhNxíair	ьNhNxíaes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
üбuîèсir	üбuîèсisse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nòéāēCr	nòéāēCrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qfkàvăèsūr	qfkàvăèsūria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
i yxxar	i yxxáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
 N xшóâêyăar	 N xшóâêyăa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
Nṣírmêywbóar	Nṣírmêywbóemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
wfæúбNSr	wfæúбNSr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
cSbиâēăеr	cSbиâēăеsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șuãôæcõiar	șuãôæcõiemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ṣòyeàóșrãr	ṣòyeàóșrãr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
oVæūòr	oVæūòreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ьfōxçīș·lVr	ьfōxçīș·lVr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
'úéīăr	'úéīărias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
vM-soar	vM-soáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еȳqшūa·æCr	еȳqшūa·æCdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
òàȳtxuésr	òàȳtxuésrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
íMyC'lSèur	íMyC'lSèurei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
xsōиár	xsōиándo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
wșzaбSã·r	wșzaбSã·ssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zNsoōütr	zNsoōütjamos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
cúwбæaar	cúwбæaei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ēшnïfr	ēшnïfrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
uьvшVíñsNVr	uьvшVíñsNVdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
īmèâxñzar	īmèâxñza	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
șçṣеïr	șçṣеïram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tjăòбьăvr	tjăòбьăvram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
qíеôõīьāvãr	qíеôõīьāvãva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
âúțēVōg r	âúțēVōg rdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣwăkCr	ṣwăkCsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
whgãȳь·pьôr	whgãȳь·pьôr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
rȳūéVïr	rȳūéVïsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àèïukãwбzàr	àèïukãwбzàrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
oy'zàr	oy'zàr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Nшwókgwsșr	Nшwókgwsșríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
dñdücSvcábr	dñdücSvcábi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
pïêăyèr	pïêăyèssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·ncсóēèюúr	·ncсóēèюúrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Szóюēt·ā-r	Szóюēt·ā-sse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vãiêбиțcar	vãiêбиțquem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ôīriãñeșVr	ôīriãñeșVria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
āüîaāgir	āüîaājam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
шеæьúшāar	шеæьúшāem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
юhqïçMăr	юhqïçMăreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
eSuCæar	eSuCæou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
sēñVhеãMr	sēñVhеãMs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
Scèюãōr	Scèюãōrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
 ôē-ōjar	 ôē-ōje	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
 сíámbóúar	 сíámbóúe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
íñшN o ngar	íñшN o ngou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
 èu·'dwñãēr	 èu·'dwñãērão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
țtwuēеīáîor	țtwuēеīáîor	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
áMíkșìüūr	áMíkșìüūrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
fóô èõîãеr	fóô èõîãеmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
иæcâkeìōxhr	иæcâkeìōxhrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ēāеôoMuôr	ēāеôoMuôres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
īõSVçr	īõSVçram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
-ü'Cìyçшêār	-ü'Cìyçшêārem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
SñúVôíNòar	SñúVôíNòo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
yōȳnjéwțr	yōȳnjéwțram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
îâdи·æiūôr	îâdи·æiūôis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
юSScбr	юSScбres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
·ãōiàqSnlr	·ãōiàqSnlríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
müñănăáNòr	müñănăáNòrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qìaòеpar	qìaòеpe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țòléõúcacar	țòléõúcaqueis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
òwaCfvиr	òwaCfvиsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fīе gìir	fīе gìam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xâьéévçCer	xâьéévçCidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
îìfNSar	îìfNSámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ñNdNz âVor	ñNdNz âVodos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
бȳиúCwr	бȳиúCwríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ygìîMãycr	ygìîMãycrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
úòбṣoMṣеCór	úòбṣoMṣеCóram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
и'бSqāçptlr	и'бSqāçptldas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
бееèôïæüær	бееèôïæüæriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ôìuîrār	ôìuîrāsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
neçíôüõêmr	neçíôüõêmsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éōnhnfábbēr	éōnhnfábbēm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
rlçóãr	rlçóãra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
îбxōktar	îбxōktues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
üCònòüar	üCònòüáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ēNìSṣȳaбôar	ēNìSṣȳaбôue	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
syé'·ááwïar	syé'·ááwïásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еd'юбш·kādar	еd'юбш·kādáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țçàpkсețar	țçàpkсețem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
kôбâãàür	kôбâãàürás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
C'ñiüear	C'ñiüeáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úêсlūâdar	úêсlūâdássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àhzvér	àhzvédas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
Mêtēíir	Mêtēíir	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
иípñсpr	иípñсpra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
áiuíșaïcir	áiuíșaïcamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
lāиóăădr	lāиóăădas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țdсìçjsññar	țdсìçjsññes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
y çomôar	y çomôou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
fиr-bțïūar	fиr-bțïūem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
éáâxãūNîr	éáâxãūNîssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
h·ñwdáâür	h·ñwdáâürdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
sбüшSar	sбüшSarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
hãNuōiCVr	hãNuōiCVssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ü-lшõmōare	ü-lшõmōi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ū·î 'odōre	ū·î 'odōmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
évōиbgюсãírsi	évōиbgюсãíamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
aìwaòaârsi	mi aìwaòaâssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ázvîãrṣkxrre	ázvîãrṣkxrvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ïèō Cбare	ïèō Cбhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
éj'wCaN·ēMare	éj'wCaN·ēMerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
zxôydpSìrsi	si zxôydpSìno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
dшțyțюьìre	dшțyțюьìvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
'ãôhüæzrsi	vi 'ãôhüæzste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ș'èçáMииre	ș'èçáMииssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ãwîă·hre	ãwîă·hte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ājqīâère	ājqīâère	V;NFIN;italian
úo'oărsi	si úo'oăno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
 õțôțwóixlarsi	si  õțôțwóixlerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
-ñбtîVúmōrsi	vi -ñбtîVúmōte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
couõúsrsi	ci couõússsimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
òāãrȳüidlCare	òāãrȳüidlCi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
aòăaèVó êNere	aòăaèVó êNi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
șь·orvrsi	ci șь·orvmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ēòaюsbre	ēòaюsbste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ăбkṣcăzā re	ăбkṣcăzā mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
xaȳaăSăàarsi	ci xaȳaăSăàeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
biбvhбre	biбvhбndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ăyúúymиare	ăyúúymиa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
nhêюеjre	nhêюеjste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
īnюeyybare	īnюeyybiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Mümgbxìâãьere	Mümgbxìâãьi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
khCt·are	khCt·a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ьbбīhсwòrhrsi	ti ьbбīhсwòrhssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ürиṣvâìāêiare	ürиṣvâìāêii	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
êCȳиūcare	êCȳиūchiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
tbchNáшre	tbchNáшmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
xtîшære	xtîшævamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
VNááãVtă Vrsi	ci VNááãVtă Vviamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ïçștōVȳòсare	ïçștōVȳòсo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
еaòȳ mCbre	еaòȳ mCbi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
kțCjèăæăre	kțCjèăæăsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
àeüăhdăбvóare	àeüăhdăбvóerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ьüvMсóîïre	ьüvMсóîïvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ăSèãeqeire	ăSèãeqei	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
yșüyēxòre	yșüyēxòvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
áșyõï·ăăâàare	áșyõï·ăăâàerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
úèszeàare	úèszeàerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ṣhîylñеtișsi	si ṣhîylñеtișono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
șíâȳbyaàsre	șíâȳbyaàssca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
éNáōayNre	éNáōayNste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
aSôveибõre	aSôveибõnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
eōymãíèvlsre	eōymãíèvlsvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
Sphühūãkrsi	vi Sphühūãkste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
-kdиôṣare	-kdиôṣno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
úãшVVìōíiarsi	vi úãшVVìōíerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
rш·gōhmîțrsi	rш·gōhmîțti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
hōõlсêre	hōõlсênte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
õiucôgêere	õiucôgêate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sottof yá'rere	sorf yá'riamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
'ywq-īíеȳre	'ywq-īíеȳssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
qCüṣuȳxōare	qCüṣuȳxōiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
æūcqere	æūcqessimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
aāțík țte	aāțík țtemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
fmcqñáôhîhare	fmcqñáôhîhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
-ȳиâlspãj re	-ȳиâlspãj no	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
osbMére	osbMéssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
fkçбïìūre	fkçбïìūssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ȳbșāyvüre	ȳbșāyvüssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ьíhmcNare	ьíhmcNeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ōNSсClgersi	si ōNSсClsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
Sṣkqб'x·re	Sṣkqб'x·vate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
wpozo-ōȳ õrsi	wpozo-ōȳ õtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
иīcшôwшшdare	иīcшôwшшdi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
еиVbój·ürsi	si еиVbój·üsca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ṣìNavīê'rare	ṣìNavīê'ro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
àaēCșSìēe·arsi	mi àaēCșSìēe·herò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
jrȳūqe	jrȳūqe	V;NFIN;italian
īSïòьare	īSïòьhi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
сèôôеõ arsi	si сèôôеõ i	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
éowfãâwarsi	ti éowfãâwerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
сMьìê írsi	ci сMьìê ívamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
еāțōṣȳdnãúarsi	ci еāțōṣȳdnãúiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
uíkjyáòre	uíkjyáòssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ñCdььlxtèăare	ñCdььlxtèăi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
yçeшSúre	yçeшSúte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
adēbsrarsi	si adēbsrò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
kюīēbbṣCfțre	kюīēbbṣCfțste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
iâūȳfqæțre	iâūȳfqæțvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
àêæCMdüe	àêæCMdüe	V;NFIN;italian
òn'-eíeărsi	si òn'-eíeăvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
uănlîōxuàôre	uănlîōxuàôssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ívpьware	ívpьwerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
úшdușñçdrsi	vi úшdușñçdste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
'ṣиьætюore	'ṣиьætюoste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
üaniюutCwe	üaniюutCwò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
țkdàūâVaqüare	țkdàūâVaqüi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
иkиìïre	иkиìïssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
úæbvdòьrsela	úæbvdòьtevela	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
шhúèmwūere	шhúèmwūeate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
xCã'qábyțōre	xCã'qábyțōvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
êсqèюêare	êсqèюêi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
VSaaèãàere	VSaaèãàano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
SêâfoVrsi	vi SêâfoVste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ïănspare	ïănsperete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
-ăī·cre	-ăī·cto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
óúșïêoæjāare	óúșïêoæjāeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
иgîdthxòbērsi	vi иgîdthxòbēste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
qéьūMămеbNre	qéьūMămеbNssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ïCæjtSăwiṣare	ïCæjtSăwiṣeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
gñnȳN·parsi	si gñnȳN·pherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ãôçèVьare	ãôçèVьi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
сznlmbSaéāre	сznlmbSaéāste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
úū·àyMñzīCarsi	si úū·àyMñzīCerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
tpáīzțæõ-zre	tpáīzțæõ-zste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ibæícsare	ibæícserà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
īāîCNarsi	ti īāîCNassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ōyêеâūсgsare	ōyêеâūсgserebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
eVdțēèwlēre	eVdțēèwlēsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
бfçțà юare	бfçțà юiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ãșCqêtgõi	ãșCqêtgõi	V;NFIN;italian
bbсvīūv'Nare	bbсvīūv'Nerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
dNèzvimp-re	dNèzvimp-vamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ȳpVoïVv-wqrsi	si ȳpVoïVv-wqccia	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
gōсcōúare	gōсcōúi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
éifmṣérsi	si éifmṣésse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
иfìnōúaharsi	ti иfìnōúaherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
pæggNïónȳūsi	ti pæggNïónȳūai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
uïăînсāêçarsi	ti uïăînсāêçerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
беioănêère	беioănêèssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ç ūììúôyChiarsi	ti ç ūììúôyChi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
Sól·hvüçьare	Sól·hvüçьa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ftñôæCrsi	ftñôæCti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
Cúaõ wôNábare	Cúaõ wôNáberà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
măcīâdșmãare	măcīâdșmãeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ïиSwiìàrre	ïиSwiìàca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
æSюțeare	æSюțeheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
à-сüâēiærsi	si à-сüâēiæscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
èhbēeoídæe	èhbēeoídæanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ēbîūkшōare	ēbîūkшōo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
üū æïare	üū æïi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ìьjyMиere	ìьjyMиa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
òdácore	òdácomo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
òòēбõôiuyjarsi	ti òòēбõôiuyji	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
dîēüüzьire	dîēüüzьimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
сússñìãSúúrsi	mi сússñìãSúúvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
шṣșȳzfăSsбre	шṣșȳzfăSsбsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ï'îюuôúбrīre	ï'îюuôúбrīndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ț-ìūzvñire	ț-ìūzvñendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
VpüáôjNo·Vare	VpüáôjNo·Va	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
êîȳmesāьè rsi	ci êîȳmesāьè mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ïïjăêăīlбarsi	si ïïjăêăīlбettero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
áîtō-re	áîtō-te	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
sшçoāübmare	sшçoāübmo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
Cd īóṣïrsi	vi Cd īóṣïste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
têNædéãjiware	têNædéãjiwiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
òkrwgеMare	òkrwgеMeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
õóăõțìê·e	õóăõțìê·ai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
yvēmūñōarsi	si yvēmūñōhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
yīóбïfãèēSre	yīóбïfãèēSva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
èdavțxōware	èdavțxōweranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
cьâîire	cьâîiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
сțvîюCkare	сțvîюCkerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
áiièюCauSare	áiièюCauSino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ææçtpfūãde	ææçtpfūãdebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
țéãNlre	țéãNlssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ă ãpîșьpūăre	ă ãpîșьpūăto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
бbqyhe	бbqyhono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ṣqhhnōēīre	ṣqhhnōēītte	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
·éj·î re	·éj·î mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
aîçSôre	aîçSôvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
pá eìkиkrèiare	pá eìkиkrèerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
znx-MfāñNare	znx-MfāñNi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
'õüōиñere	'õüōиñe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
бeòhȳūçìtīre	бeòhȳūçìtīvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
êæțüoеăare	êæțüoеăerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
'-ōmеre	'-ōmеttero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
Sюеwtiшkre	Sюеwtiшkvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ētéôàp'ēìe	ētéôàp'ēìai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
yeūíokare	yeūíokerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
xñиeó-arsi	si xñиeó-hino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
èNêhâáșēviare	èNêhâáșēverò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
áōgaăaare	áōgaăaerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
cïьîaшșnqrsi	si cïьîaшșnqsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
бèeбyñejare	бèeбyñejeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
péêȳāеrre	péêȳāеrnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
yîsNjuare	yîsNjuerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
MюowsSère	MюowsSèno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
õ''Mãȳьare	õ''Mãȳьheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
есyàfkrmêre	есyàfkrmêste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
иõspțюṣre	иõspțюṣndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ñwqkfge	ñwqkfge	V;NFIN;italian
ēííìoare	ēííìoiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
VNfiṣCare	VNfiṣCa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
шtîеzе-ȳare	шtîеzе-ȳi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ōèṣñzēqesare	ōèṣñzēqesò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
dNèVôsávrsi	ti dNèVôsávssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
dorь·múNersi	ci dorь·múNiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
·ôlçáбre	·ôlçáбvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
lVìсwaūīarsi	si lVìсwaūīno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
 eиyșuvсpre	 eиyșuvсpvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
hã-'сre	hã-'сste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ăd'ă·еăócșre	ăd'ă·еăócșnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
k pшôbS pe	k pшôbS pe	V;NFIN;italian
tâ'qCxúyâare	tâ'qCxúyâiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
-íăìēCre	-íăìēCndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
bglãsìoare	bglãsìoiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
hfòьеèógarsi	ti hfòьеèógi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
юȳīâSNire	юȳīâSNii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ásсwērarsi	vi ásсwēriate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
cjrшlt'arsi	si cjrшlt'ò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
bбSúriare	bбSúreremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
șáò zre	șáò zte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ș·wõawīte	ș·wõawītono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
сsāodqN·üre	сsāodqN·üi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
a-ēeȳсæūCre	a-ēeȳсæūCva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
kūṣhсōobñrsi	si kūṣhсōobñvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
vèшțã'exïre	vèшțã'exïto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ăîó·cúuerare	ăîó·cúuereresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
шNāшhCеdere	шNāшhCеdo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
шîüéquyîсre	шîüéquyîсssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
сȳrxqmțre	сȳrxqmțsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ñéaēxāисmãigere	ñéaēxāисmãatto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ājkóсpC'htare	ājkóсpC'hta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
eVljnêNеōSre	eVljnêNеōSvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
rеgúārăūte	rеgúārăūte	V;NFIN;italian
êțôrdre	êțôrdvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ūãjсdш·ṣăare	ūãjсdш·ṣăiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ìеòuçêCūṣáare	ìеòuçêCūṣáeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
-êṣ ñjшnoшrsi	-êṣ ñjшnoшti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
țrkīíé·ш·Vrsi	ti țrkīíé·ш·Vsci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
kgю bm·re	kgю bm·vamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
иVȳțãare	иVȳțãerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
anāшuire	anāшua	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
NaaCïkere	NaaCïkente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ãsèihṣ'are	ãsèihṣ'o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
êqàohSMhcare	êqàohSMhcerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
qñãьVиãēqcare	qñãьVиãēqcerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
puéeè eñfiare	puéeè eñfi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
òșṣбūqre	òșṣбūqndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
CNшixare	CNшixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ōé·ūăсere	ōé·ūăсiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
óюxnïgîuiare	óюxnïgîuerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
nюȳNбarsi	si nюȳNбino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
wíūlhyīVxбare	wíūlhyīVxбa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ьṣēzpk-e	ьṣēzpk-ebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
Vîxdю'õ·ьțare	Vîxdю'õ·ьțerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
aMш с pSNkre	aMш с pSNki	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ēṣеlшemиare	ēṣеlшemиi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
àôețCkȳre	àôețCkȳssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
übòūàrsi	ci übòūàssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
mííúōare	mííúōò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
Nьnpíychиarsi	ci Nьnpíychиiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
qwfàеüre	qwfàеüsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
Sàōqșюre	Sàōqșюvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
бNìráSêsersi	ti бNìráSêsrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
mmññkàmrsi	ti mmññkàmssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
gskьdā-īu·e	gskьdā-īu·ete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
u tēksēțсCre	u tēksēțсCamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ìíôçqzçãwre	ìíôçqzçãwva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
néăăêâsare	néăăêâsheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ōюáī-tāzñre	ōюáī-tāzñste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ampèw'юNare	ampèw'юNiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
áșàюúòțēre	áșàюúòțēssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
șeCшõṣwh'Cre	șeCшõṣwh'Cssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
uiãsyarsi	si uiãsyerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
kțüбàoōбCe	kțüбàoōбCebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
âxóūșare	âxóūșerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
бôīсúõïúe	бôīсúõïúe	V;NFIN;italian
g-sãdxíìdsi	si g-sãdxíìdono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
yeиçêñōvre	yeиçêñōvva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
uk·îîbшe	uk·îîbшe	V;NFIN;italian
pVpfīCNāe	pVpfīCNāò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
vl'êюēutȳre	vl'êюēutȳi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
tnáăṣăôètòre	tnáăṣăôètòte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ghwmônersi	vi ghwmôrreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ãMnшсmôсбarsi	mi ãMnшсmôсбerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
toácūôáeVare	toácūôáeVerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
VеctüvVwre	VеctüvVwvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
rólсóiarsi	ti rólсóierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ãCákiō-are	ãCákiō-eremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ăиòāfiuьṣre	ăиòāfiuьṣvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
bMíăūu'j e	bMíăūu'j e	V;NFIN;italian
bñydSrsi	si bñydSva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
șōyiêhçarsi	mi șōyiêhçherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
lțpáêеiānre	lțpáêеiānvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
еõ·ȳxre	еõ·ȳxvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
MN-сēre	MN-сēvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
côtkhñáòrȳiare	côtkhñáòrȳi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ьюóNdNíțarsi	ti ьюóNdNíți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
jьñjgṣre	jьñjgṣvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
nêāyckkúálere	nêāyckkúáglia	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ārăṣēvшare	ārăṣēvшò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ñ'бVс'Varsi	si ñ'бVс'Vi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ajâqhțare	ajâqhțereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
бсюàtmxNicre	бсюàtmxNicvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ãfobțшarsi	vi ãfobțшereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
xêīюlòre	xêīюlòno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ãnūljșdçre	ãnūljșdçto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
sш·bd·údnrsi	sш·bd·údnto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
frсCюuàkȳõare	frсCюuàkȳõhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
úàoC'mȳySíre	úàoC'mȳySíi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
úósnêare	úósnêerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
Mõïloõérsi	vi Mõïloõévate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
kțMōârwãītrsi	ti kțMōârwãītsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
сшooìe	сшooìò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
шntōjúire	шntōjúivate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ȳō·иâVoñсare	ȳō·иâVoñсa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ṣpôçt'uare	ṣpôçt'uiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
zóănȳare	zóănȳerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
aohritūàe	aohritūàebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
tn-eàèṣбшïare	tn-eàèṣбшïerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
réóoиvMCúȳare	réóoиvMCúȳherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ó·tüшoüīre	ó·tüшoüīate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
zõaïsюíNüare	zõaïsюíNüerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
uȳeâuNèrsi	si uȳeâuNèno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
bóêroàare	bóêroài	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
éшūdCare	éшūdCi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ūéáuóSre	ūéáuóSte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
õшбюиêMóSare	õшбюиêMóShiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
æìqpsiqrsi	ti æìqpsiqvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
āò-ṣmaVōyòrsi	mi āò-ṣmaVōyòssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
áMțnюi'wrla	la áMțnюi'wsce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
xæhîMāьpre	xæhîMāьpsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
vácàōiare	vácàōi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
çñōjrîcnrsi	çñōjrîcntevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
Cюṣy wçre	Cюṣy wçmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
āCsy'Sюódare	āCsy'Sюódino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
 èCãgare	 èCãgo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ô ēôțèare	ô ēôțèò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
aūéwе· og-are	aūéwе· og-hiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
yrywêæibre	yrywêæibva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
rüSи  are	rüSи  i	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
jsCюçюȳñșare	jsCюçюȳñși	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
·ьzuépõjare	·ьzuépõjino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
wèãțūbьиae	wèãțūbьиaai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
áàtqbweбare	áàtqbweбhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ăçïliбī-ērsi	vi ăçïliбī-ēste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
'êaȳgìarsi	mi 'êaȳgìi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
·VиăpãNlare	·VиăpãNlheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ōvṣâxеe	ōvṣâxеe	V;NFIN;italian
îìü·ē are	îìü·ē erai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
шCfüñxare	шCfüñxerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
еīlūucare	еīlūuciamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
·gokîшīsóare	·gokîшīsóeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ïfúțkñíére	ïfúțkñíésse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
aãiòñūūqèbrsi	aãiòñūūqèbtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
Vēîēiăūre	Vēîēiăūssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
oïxòsбс'are	oïxòsбс'o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
siṣ-f Mire	siṣ-f Mite	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
иaàsVfāre	иaàsVfāste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
éôñçȳïüare	éôñçȳïüerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
âmиècè·āare	âmиècè·āerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ühюæSe	ühюæSono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
zMòūveüéarsi	ti zMòūveüéhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
æd xgfoqюшare	æd xgfoqюшi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ȳиpôoиôêpere	ȳиpôoиôêpano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
mãîiNk-are	mãîiNk-iamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
áșCfwíȳīre	áșCfwíȳīnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
-бæócțòtáюre	-бæócțòtáюte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
swoófare	swoóferanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
wțáqNxrcèòre	wțáqNxrcèòsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
·ūõюșare	·ūõюșerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
țàșregliersi	si țàșrelsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
æūxqïVre	æūxqïVte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ăēôóyvçjrsi	ci ăēôóyvçjvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
-Cgȳõçеre	-Cgȳõçеamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
xçț·Sēare	xçț·Sēi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
с țījükkârsi	ti с țījükkâvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
lìñūàçitṣre	lìñūàçitṣsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
nțíôôpīz·are	nțíôôpīz·ino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
xȳwăzṣjōpjre	xȳwăzṣjōpjssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
îkehduere	îkehduevano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
vxNkNēiarsi	ti vxNkNēeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ïãfgțăōore	ïãfgțăōova	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
vfvrNãеçrsi	ci vfvrNãеçmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
rtbȳéógSpсere	rtbȳéógSpсa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
sSçSzáìre	sSçSzáìte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
Séfór yīnãe	Séfór yīnãe	V;NFIN;italian
юcxnòюre	юcxnòюmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
CьșìVNȳfère	CьșìVNȳfèssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
òēnqslVlarsi	si òēnqslVlerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
иzvçюñCkere	иzvçюñCkano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
qēbêșбre	qēbêșбvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
úqèó-юīre	úqèó-юīvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ãīьueȳéì-srsi	ãīьueȳéì-stevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ьôçâzare	ьôçâzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
èōc юjre	èōc юjnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
иúșzсееMsi	ti иúșzсееMai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
'иmoшиūe	'иmoшиūanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
íníæèóre	íníæèóamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
NìсñpéSăvre	NìсñpéSăvvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ìVNcxare	ìVNcxiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
-èīmūfre	-èīmūfvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
vóăéúáiăīsre	vóăéúáiăīsste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
юăglíìare	юăglíìate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ístNrãcMgere	ístNrãcMso	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ūâàhrōòшre	ūâàhrōòшmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
éбâxèшare	éбâxèшa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
rybôuñwáare	rybôuñwáiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
SbâgçdaNS·rsi	si SbâgçdaNS·ssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
юzyyvæêïre	юzyyvæêïssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
vñçюtț·nCare	vñçюtț·nCiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
юgo·üïiôèwrsi	ti юgo·üïiôèwvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
vьjVnrsi	si vьjVnsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ūMêrxhiêre	ūMêrxhiêndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
Vâgēôȳ-b·are	Vâgēôȳ-b·ino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ôшôēсõuõjære	ôшôēсõuõjævi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
Sbéâúmrsi	mi Sbéâúmvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
üíwqdеюare	üíwqdеюiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
weбiăre	weбiăte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
æīóéюCqqjāre	æīóéюCqqjāssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
·Cõhpre	·Cõhpte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
çzæMülācre	çzæMülācno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ïMMpfmиtïre	ïMMpfmиtïte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ūqюțărvre	ūqюțărvste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ăííçãare	ăííçãi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
шñūSlèare	шñūSlèiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
vg ynNare	vg ynNi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ăàwòīvre	ăàwòīvte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ōñCăoïămúūare	ōñCăoïămúūiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ppnbóăшcеre	ppnbóăшcеvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
âiüoȳīñīe	âiüoȳīñīe	V;NFIN;italian
īvvêpȳqare	īvvêpȳqavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ysanșbyāìke	ysanșbyāìkemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
юиúьrîeg·ñare	юиúьrîeg·ñereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
îhūе-Mtțôare	îhūе-Mtțôherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
úNyVī'çCMre	úNyVī'çCMmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Sxaшúykūre	Sxaшúykūsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
īóàeшājïçare	īóàeшājïço	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
êæsvȳēme	êæsvȳēmebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ãp·ïfüe	ãp·ïfüono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ē-ñìwīre	ē-ñìwīvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
aāòāw-Srsi	si aāòāw-Sno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
Vãă jre	Vãă jmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
юțūwбṣyre	юțūwбṣyste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ìūxfæbçxre	ìūxfæbçxssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
wиmzṣòmettere	wиmzṣòettano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
îlеwìl çjre	îlеwìl çjno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ftьrNç nware	ftьrNç nweremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
yîáy·èîшáare	yîáy·èîшáiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ènшш·бrsi	si ènшш·бva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
èqæãórōsVre	èqæãórōsVndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
êêēîlhVare	êêēîlhVa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
aьV·ȳre	aьV·ȳto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
Vȳï'ьшăare	Vȳï'ьшăi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ăz-zūȳfare	ăz-zūȳferemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
āôCțēare	āôCțēiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
mpúf·çare	mpúf·çaamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
иâăwюñre	иâăwюñssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
eîbnàēăōuqre	eîbnàēăōuqi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ñozmSare	ñozmSerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ünNòjéțare	ünNòjéțerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
õúāãCîvware	õúāãCîvwherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
 õféqCюpèare	 õféqCюpèa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ē īăиáfóre	ē īăиáfóa	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
órõsC hNkare	órõsC hNka	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
īSSăNбàâæșiare	īSSăNбàâæși	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
еêtmciære	еêtmciæmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ūï·шyòqȳmre	ūï·шyòqȳmvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
óēïMere	óēïMeva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
âșæșьюâare	âșæșьюâi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
'jïyшâMиеare	'jïyшâMиеeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
apCvjpьrsi	si apCvjpьvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
o'ēū·arsi	ci o'ēū·iamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
еṣȳüēre	еṣȳüēvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ïnz ăòere	ïnz ăòessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ăsèьúeьxre	ăsèьúeьxndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
иidlñìõwe	иidlñìõwono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
èuțàeyare	èuțàeyerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
áíôejūmõórsi	mi áíôejūmõóssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
Nchõíare	Nchõío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
Válvjzõиarsi	ti Válvjzõиerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
lôpCôCprsi	ti lôpCôCpssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
е oñșṣre	е oñșṣvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
īdțtéwñure	īdțtéwñumo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
șētjyx're	șētjyx'ste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
îìviсìgVere	îìviсìgViamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ū wшēere	ū wшēa	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
g'·üîãеare	g'·üîãеerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ьõеâgjmare	ьõеâgjmerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
àzu шóēiare	àzu шóēihereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ȳg·oбyãVre	ȳg·oбyãVva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ȳpòsæarsi	ti ȳpòsæi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
bkVè-e	bkVè-e	V;NFIN;italian
ṣukmȳersene	se ne ṣukmȳano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
æàòàqzpáere	æàòàqzpái	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
cbiâïre	cbiâïndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
çõêбæăere	çõêбæăi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
oш'ózjaSare	oш'ózjaSerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
îovāákhṣi	îovāákhṣi	V;NFIN;italian
hïgdVбōre	hïgdVбōva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
·ṣ tïõpxæare	·ṣ tïõpxæerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
îçpdôlrsi	vi îçpdôlste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
goеrlâre	goеrlâvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
sеīăōúare	sеīăōúerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
'àéVjúсare	'àéVjúсi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
î'ṣépSìiarsi	vi î'ṣépSìereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ăюūm áúêсăare	ăюūm áúêсăa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
àūgúxSjqrsi	mi àūgúxSjqssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
áèșcdóbçrsi	ci áèșcdóbçssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ōMnâōсSțшlere	ōMnâōсSțшlo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
laCólmfñôcare	laCólmfñôci	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
èãkúfeșīVare	èãkúfeșīVò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
mjoyòare	mjoyòi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
CVеüpare	CVеüphi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ãwuțеȳre	ãwuțеȳvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
āșṣaVSre	āșṣaVSvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
fсíláqrtîare	fсíláqrtîeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
mccîVnòCíare	mccîVnòCíerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ò-iиíbиãre	ò-iиíbиãste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
Nбfíãlre	Nбfíãlsce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
VnMēkarsi	mi VnMēkerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
jCbzire	jCbzite	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
юVúNêmyüõеe	юVúNêmyüõеai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
N сшìāāéare	N сшìāāéerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
lèīVюеoïgere	lèīVюеoïsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ьõbāSere	ьõbāSiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
déf'oãirsi	déf'oãicentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
òg'ôbhzūarsi	si òg'ôbhzūò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
N òūtбare	N òūtбerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
djSãṣjсhre	djSãṣjсhto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
màбúçarsi	si màбúçino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ūòzfôSare	ūòzfôSa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
gõ'ütōsьare	gõ'ütōsьerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
иâеêṣìüare	иâеêṣìüi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
blaūç-īбçcare	blaūç-īбçcheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
æijȳью o-mre	æijȳью o-msti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
õsàCôre	õsàCônte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
lēêeúțnhre	lēêeúțnhsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
pьиeьōCare	pьиeьōCerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
eă·óqSьìare	eă·óqSьìiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ïbìryi-re	ïbìryi-scono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
jirçrīare	jirçrīerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
wáеñpVì-óarsi	ci wáеñpVì-óeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
sāюббõre	sāюббõmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
SìüiõãVăēьre	SìüiõãVăēьssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
húyсyăсṣè're	húyсyăсṣè'ssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
çlvб óSxdzare	çlvб óSxdzherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
fșNюaare	fșNюahiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ȳCçеêñòêuwarsi	ci ȳCçеêñòêuweremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
oïSozîre	oïSozîvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
eSiььxlare	eSiььxliamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
 uacákòrVrsi	si  uacákòrVssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
īáqiìúæïàòre	īáqiìúæïàòssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
VwōgțzNìe	VwōgțzNìono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
aìqóáôkoüre	aìqóáôkoüste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
pïиóишiṣõre	pïиóишiṣõsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ççáhȳṣre	ççáhȳṣcevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
tșõîvãnvre	tșõîvãnvvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ïgе yyьrre	ïgе yyьrmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ăuîòôpare	ăuîòôpi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
uSàíâ'ȳzyqre	uSàíâ'ȳzyqvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
çSêVtîtâhrsi	çSêVtîtâhmoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ìōáījãuăôarsi	ci ìōáījãuăôiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
gàrьxrărsene	se ne gàrьxrăsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
úmî ōre	úmî ōvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
lȳókțеíшere	lȳókțеíшe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
Măеá'cāe	Măеá'cāono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
иvazômçsare	иvazômçsheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
Czēlōïãиe	Czēlōïãиe	V;NFIN;italian
toàȳMCúare	toàȳMCúerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
vmæCṣre	vmæCṣmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ьaóìrúy re	ьaóìrúy sti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
tòüàüçuâoюare	tòüàüçuâoюherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ăfCеdçCdrsi	si ăfCеdçCdvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
èьīăеrhvwue	èьīăеrhvwuemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
rșòMlê'ēre	rșòMlê'ēvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
āīpCūómilre	āīpCūómilvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
uï wsuьîare	uï wsuьîo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
āõpâāNwsare	āõpâāNwserà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ïțnáVywādōarsi	si ïțnáVywādōa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
êeьæeшfre	êeьæeшfrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
qócvyqluūçare	qócvyqluūçiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
íiNбș юáre	íiNбș юái	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ьheazșare	ьheazșereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
sxèVьkarsi	ci sxèVьkeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
âṣbjg'ȳîēarsi	si âṣbjg'ȳîēeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
éьmиîvnéúre	éьmиîvnéúva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
иjCèVuh·zre	иjCèVuh·zsca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
tóиâStre	tóиâStvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
çéjăécô'eâre	çéjăécô'eâte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
óS'āúCsquêrsi	mi óS'āúCsquêssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
иvēúVvиcáșarsi	si иvēúVvиcáșa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
Mõâruьrci	Mõâruьnteci	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
bæìãüe	bæìãüete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
udsúсcSégre	udsúсcSégi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
èyõaïúre	èyõaïúste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
VăçtæpySóere	VăçtæpySóiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ōbhuțãlāxiare	ōbhuțãlāxi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ïlehюsre	ïlehюsnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
юüêãoasjarsi	ti юüêãoasjerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
êïēеpṣjSre	êïēеpṣjSte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
mMüúyzre	mMüúyzsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
kïāúylūêhre	kïāúylūêhno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
çôyéêìшcèиre	çôyéêìшcèиssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ïvшеæàюlNsre	ïvшеæàюlNsnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
àîwíhmæúre	àîwíhmæúste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
шēéеáre	шēéеáto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
àvSīșeīwSre	àvSīșeīwSmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
túVărzqMre	túVărzqMmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
cțNjèn-āñare	cțNjèn-āñerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
-ūMéãṣfrsi	mi -ūMéãṣfi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ṣæîēțеare	ṣæîēțеerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
 qèhkmMiéȳre	 qèhkmMiéȳno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
êhâàéьrzìṣere	êhâàéьrzìṣi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
сçtwшõâSare	сçtwшõâSi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
'xxl-ve	'xxl-vono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
șшюîfî'cṣìe	șшюîfî'cṣìei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
-lăgce	-lăgce	V;NFIN;italian
gāàíSxre	gāàíSxto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
cшáóïare	cшáóïo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ôVzāṣre	ôVzāṣva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
fóvūfare	fóvūferò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
áxãюбõrre	áxãюбõrto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
úxătoüúюșe	úxătoüúюșete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
hiūáïrsi	hiūáïto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
z юaolòæVșre	z юaolòæVșste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ïorțwьē Cnere	ïorțwьē Crrei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
Clzczȳñare	Clzczȳñò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
òū-ôgyzre	òū-ôgyzmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
·átòMNkSre	·átòMNkSi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
āшaōṣrsi	mi āшaōṣsco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
-·ūéíársi	vi -·ūéíáte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
'hșúâæee	'hșúâæeò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
dõсõшãre	dõсõшãnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
qшNCãre	qшNCãmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
oîiюшюre	oîiюшюssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
wókșòсkarsi	si wókșòсkno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
î·áиṣgcàire	î·áиṣgcàente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
 pSæș-jóare	 pSæș-jóerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
xâìâSuãiare	xâìâSuãerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
Nmòàíéwfíere	Nmòàíéwfírai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
еãиbVre	еãиbVmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
éшēlȳere	éшēlȳono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
á'ṣеhærre	á'ṣеhængono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
Cb·ējíīzīre	Cb·ējíīzīsca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
būjôūidere	būjôūendano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
kòôóxȳūee	kòôóxȳūeebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
aшìdòre	aшìdòsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ìе·oore	ìе·ooi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
țêqtúìxcre	țêqtúìxcate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
àôj·ôāare	àôj·ôāi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
VpMăpóèсáre	VpMăpóèсávamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
èoьSūrre	èoьSūni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
·kñșôôarsi	si ·kñșôôeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
бṣõñhfre	бṣõñhfndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
MpăьāpVepiare	MpăьāpVepi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
mqncátare	mqncáterai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
bãбêzеõre	bãбêzеõno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ṣîṣíeīōjere	ṣîṣíeīōjuto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
óá ūmшyre	óá ūmшysse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
cSjõāoúlăaiare	cSjõāoúlăaerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
Sç-VCêqarsi	vi Sç-VCêqereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
bNбēyrsi	vi bNбēyste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
âhīutçóre	âhīutçóssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
óôüwhx are	óôüwhx a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
SæàbqfgSre	SæàbqfgSmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
VsêeæüSe	VsêeæüSe	V;NFIN;italian
ygvūzhîre	ygvūzhîvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
fṣōáæеôare	fṣōáæеôerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
êéqñеcеare	êéqñеcеerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
иât-jñьiare	иât-jñьerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
rïzțīre	rïzțīste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ūpdñàèækare	ūpdñàèækerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
bâwpиôáwiare	bâwpиôáwi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
gxșrеñüēre	gxșrеñüēva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
āāōdC·iarsi	mi āāōdC·erei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
șèāfjâióôīre	șèāfjâióôīndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ōūãūzkre	ōūãūzksca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
āSç-Vшàãre	āSç-Vшàãsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
njzâúîçисare	njzâúîçисerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
jüwhSàaюSare	jüwhSàaюSo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
íêàSī·īcîrsi	mi íêàSī·īcîi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
qțībmvéсre	qțībmvéсva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
í'qșēare	í'qșēa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
üôюāūmiu-àrsi	vi üôюāūmiu-àate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
zôéāṣre	zôéāṣvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
um-füiṣávîre	um-füiṣávîndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
шxeg-ursi	si шxeg-uscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
c-ьiсo-ñsre	c-ьiсo-ñsi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
 ·üūtēñare	 ·üūtēñeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
Cèîújṣ sre	Cèîújṣ sste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
 ă-fjaîx ȳre	 ă-fjaîx ȳssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
nôhCkjсre	nôhCkjсte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
cbеbāsi	si cbеbāanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
xioșūwNre	xioșūwNto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
yr eMgre	yr eMgste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ūâõkьre	ūâõkьvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ñò'tēre	ñò'tēste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ȳбāī·hāwțre	ȳбāī·hāwțvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ūoMìàcбe	ūoMìàcбete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
iē-óq·rsi	ci iē-óq·mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
lílnñéìire	lílnñéìindo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
uшîíсṣare	uшîíсṣi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
íìroônrèVi	íìroônrèVi	V;NFIN;italian
 iôшwrsi	si  iôшwssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
Nиōășiéçūre	Nиōășiéçūste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
krúkālюîôñrsi	vi krúkālюîôñste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
'ṣmюьиãSiare	'ṣmюьиãSeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
dnx·zèoare	dnx·zèoiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ūnjChtáбgçiarsi	si ūnjChtáбgçi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
èсñSîшíNīare	èсñSîшíNīhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
Sv'àôбi	Sv'àôбi	V;NFIN;italian
èuâ·ìVêrsi	èuâ·ìVêtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
dōVãære	dōVãæva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ôāüîьàare	ôāüîьàiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
âppucțârârsi	âppucțârântesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
óеülâliarsi	si óеülâli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
õãnCăyare	õãnCăyhiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
àkíziāsiare	àkíziāsi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ktюbMиgüare	ktюbMиgüerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ìñtșik-mare	ìñtșik-mherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ē-ñāāьāьre	ē-ñāāьāьndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
fVNfqwúīsi	ci fVNfqwúīemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
êsqñüvăare	êsqñüvăiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
èárfбare	èárfбherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
шiòljсüõсe	шiòljсüõсono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
væ·ôçare	væ·ôçeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
çMбSîbkare	çMбSîbkino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ьăvòkççeare	ьăvòkççeeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
шôьбCre	шôьбCssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
kMșīíare	kMșīíiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
бāсréôiare	бāсréôi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
VqMooare	VqMooi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ūṣacN-ṣúre	ūṣacN-ṣúnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
-irшNṣ'ôarsi	-irшNṣ'ôiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
еõkíбxáre	еõkíбxásse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
исôôbwrsi	si исôôbwno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
еCējș ūrōăarsi	vi еCējș ūrōăhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ìсeáóre	ìсeáómmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
бw·cïSṣ are	бw·cïSṣ iate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ōxüMōátue	ōxüMōátuanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
gбôñṣMãNūarsi	si gбôñṣMãNūeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
vqVьôюare	vqVьôюò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
âcúúSfâȳеare	âcúúSfâȳеò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
fïõNtersi	si fïõNte	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ãçqiúhVtre	ãçqiúhVtvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
âxñìïpōre	âxñìïpōnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ïèMãеe	ïèMãеete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
țéêjéшțare	țéêjéшțò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
fñvóæyarsi	mi fñvóæyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
Savīdcюare	Savīdcюino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
юшțéбíç'bre	юшțéбíç'bte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
íkîekre	íkîeki	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
míăìeCeiuare	míăìeCeiui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ácăòīhāarsi	ti ácăòīhāi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
Ccíhшare	Ccíhшherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
xi-C·re	xi-C·ssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
xaăбȳсycársi	vi xaăбȳсycáste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
·Sш-vre	·Sш-vssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
c àêșVNare	c àêșVNhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ūaăбôddsьre	ūaăбôddsьte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ōkh ьбVôSare	ōkh ьбVôSeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
еîеSMâáarsi	ci еîеSMâáeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
çșȳ'ümhSlare	çșȳ'ümhSlereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
īâdṣüre	īâdṣüste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
á'ēvrre	á'ēvrnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
yêxбсwnсère	yêxбсwnсèvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
unêâșplgarsi	unêâșplgato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
n'ṣwy'óéòúre	n'ṣwy'óéòúndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
țīfseare	țīfseerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
èi-úée	èi-úée	V;NFIN;italian
ãòôntxюеrsi	ci ãòôntxюеvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
áшxgâюìbîi	áшxgâюìbîi	V;NFIN;italian
áсpîklVtare	áсpîklVteremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
șevșсjre	șevșсjte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
æãjzòшīarsi	si æãjzòшīino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
yúȳyúfre	yúȳyúfssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
rшàõlhgíṣüre	rшàõlhgíṣüva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ôüúasшare	ôüúasшerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ôdiăxrsi	ôdiăxndosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
jȳ·lōсzre	jȳ·lōсzte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
tòеiüMrsi	vi tòеiüMte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
uNșîēsèsare	uNșîēsèsereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ãSw-pb'arsi	si ãSw-pb'erà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
îьêò'irsi	ti îьêò'i	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ю·yúūî·zaSarsi	si ю·yúūî·zaSerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
șsīònfâx-re	șsīònfâx-i	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
vṣâmVsi	si vṣâmVebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ãñāï'âhdșlare	ãñāï'âhdșli	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
çôécóv·are	çôécóv·iamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Vиabv'óērsi	si Vиabv'óēsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ñlïañ'бre	ñlïañ'бno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ṣȳâmncешюrsi	vi ṣȳâmncешюvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
M'ê шlóqṣrsi	M'ê шlóqṣtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ápæ-kare	ápæ-ko	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
çúlôêStarsi	si çúlôêSti	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
iьиV сеníâare	iьиV сеníâeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
òñăhïúbVpre	òñăhïúbVpi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
qòüõüeюe	qòüõüeюono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
jсâVcбère	jсâVcбèmo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
cțьănejṣare	cțьănejṣereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
'mqõ'еre	'mqõ'еssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
е àlàre	е àlàvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
wyănkṣhbare	wyănkṣhberò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
alakuvm·ìre	alakuvm·ìsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
zсdȳâьe	zсdȳâьe	V;NFIN;italian
șâæī-rēüēSre	șâæī-rēüēSssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
æṣьãzéjȳe	æṣьãzéjȳeste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
vtlōtbwèare	vtlōtbwèi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
zū'țñéȳCre	zū'țñéȳCamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
êxg-âódare	êxg-âóderanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
шjējāюhbūòare	шjējāюhbūòeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
mlmēбàesue	mlmēбàesuono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
óșuòșrinăarsi	si óșuòșrinăò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ūSMrg-âre	ūSMrg-âi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
юtâìăngere	юtâìănse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
lȳM-èmmãyre	lȳM-èmmãyssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
·p-eoæçьçre	·p-eoæçьçste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
wàțVōīmrsi	vi wàțVōīmvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
vheiqîare	vheiqîhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
hьSāaare	hьSāahi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
utòkzaNqītare	utòkzaNqītiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
V·-Vōôare	V·-Vōôino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
с'iMиlyre	с'iMиlynte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
MūdfVwísȳiarsi	ti MūdfVwísȳeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
nC·tãersi	ti nC·tãi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
gNīúSeêoCpre	gNīúSeêoCpvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
oēViyvōCarsi	si oēViyvōCherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
èñgбæāoõăūare	èñgбæāoõăūa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
Vá'eșare	Vá'eși	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
иtбșьrSиêhre	иtбșьrSиêhnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
qyüqhare	qyüqha	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
gêș áîire	gêș áîinte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
·úCшwèṣNziare	·úCшwèṣNzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
üèdàenàçVersi	ci üèdàenàçViamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
nàб·cиñmarsi	ti nàб·cиñmeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
līîdóre	līîdóste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
xȳīéшõiare	xȳīéшõerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
dбôíaare	dбôíaiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
lïáaêīkșsi	si lïáaêīkșà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
úõēmюre	úõēmюva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
Sokãsre	Sokãssse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
óaeñáyhsre	óaeñáyhsvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
uòбātàrsene	se ne uòбātàva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
lñìVíbsюare	lñìVíbsюerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ṣêсóшõ're	ṣêсóшõ'vano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
hdæеhl-âàuarsi	ti hdæеhl-âàui	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
imçqáüahīóarsi	ti imçqáüahīóeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
vo-ēCæóéere	vo-ēCæóéo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
V znpēñúnare	V znpēñúnhi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ăbyãāqāеêare	ăbyãāqāеêai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
Npgēmòçmtarsi	vi Npgēmòçmthereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
иzvñíюṣkre	иzvñíюṣkvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
w-çиuеíțare	w-çиuеíțerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
Sòçȳ-õfsi	si Sòçȳ-õfanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ī-æòtçбwшqre	ī-æòtçбwшqvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
k dgăre	k dgăssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
úwsȳïzбVare	úwsȳïzбViate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
șSSȳVrsene	te ne șSSȳVvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ōVñōpVre	ōVñōpVno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ūñoyhîare	ūñoyhîereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
yvêáеersi	vi yvêáеiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
āuVīàVíōrsi	ci āuVīàVíōvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ă-yMkNțebre	ă-yMkNțebnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
çеțūòrsi	çеțūòti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
tțôæțōuïV·rsi	si tțôæțōuïV·vano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
cgсMrersi	ti cgсMressi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
æāáēb иre	æāáēb иmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
dSlăxáre	dSlăxáte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
bkāwьMíæNre	bkāwьMíæNsca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
pôyăwюre	pôyăwюvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
êîõèúêîfgcre	êîõèúêîfgcto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
 íòüyș re	 íòüyș ssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
úñȳāqShyare	úñȳāqShyavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
'īâïhkare	'īâïhkeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ăãoçkrsi	ăãoçktevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
MêcúrṣaîòNrsi	ti MêcúrṣaîòNssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
·Mbfè wū-are	·Mbfè wū-a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
xthūêjиdrȳsi	si xthūêjиdrȳono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ṣvNdbare	ṣvNdbhiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
āòæșêqzgare	āòæșêqzga	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
bñêwbjbîre	bñêwbjbîssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
qçàìp're	qçàìp'mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ьvшoîaoеțore	ьvшoîaoеțoste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
kñvūxêū re	kñvūxêū amo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ejVșbáиCare	ejVșbáиCerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
yúиsõarsi	ti yúиsõi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
cósăqNbūȳ·re	cósăqNbūȳ·mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
nN' M·иàçjre	nN' M·иàçjsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
īòбohgôSarsi	si īòбohgôSi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
шьețбórre	шьețбónevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ïaqьțare	ïaqьța	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
șpṣãèīшkre	șpṣãèīшkssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
isьgVzbț'are	isьgVzbț'eresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
m·fhãēòrre	m·fhãēòcevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
 qtmMflüàеarsela	mi  qtmMflüàеo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
'îmlMNzre	'îmlMNzssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
rīīéсiare	rīīéсi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
nbôkqеrcțare	nbôkqеrcțerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ñwwhV-ìrsi	si ñwwhV-ìva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ȳ fțòbirsi	mi ȳ fțòbo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
wșōNpe	wșōNpete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ojkCèare	ojkCèerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
еzenñьюdzare	еzenñьюdza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
nlCâбțюare	nlCâбțюeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
бéьïeêrsi	бéьïeêti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
aiCãtиáere	aiCãtиáiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
âòeudшnrrsi	mi âòeudшnrvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
mVqcétre	mVqcétmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
cìãïNp·pṣâre	cìãïNp·pṣâvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
qṣçzîVare	qṣçzîViamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
to'umáiarsi	si to'umáii	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
jzxgōьüaúre	jzxgōьüaússi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
yâqшoarsi	si yâqшoino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
·-Vdq·i	·-Vdq·i	V;NFIN;italian
mzínaare	mzínaerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
eyáбīe	eyáбīebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
āюīêâȳóCre	āюīêâȳóCto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
șNrbṣnire	șNrbṣrremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
èyháhe	èyháhe	V;NFIN;italian
èfñēSNюare	èfñēSNюo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
fbSāoțMriare	fbSāoțMri	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
à qîôrre	à qîôrvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
fūMăñre	fūMăñi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
èṣNCãaMe	èṣNCãaMebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
èțpшьpūarsi	ti èțpшьpūi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
gáïMшàáxțre	gáïMшàáxțmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
сçCNīôēílâirsi	si сçCNīôēílâì	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ăxșòkSbñlare	ăxșòkSbñlhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ēēuq re	ēēuq sse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ídénpōôiare	ídénpōôii	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
él osōūūhшare	él osōūūhшerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
wиk çìāare	wиk çìāerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
qē-lkNre	qē-lkNssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
fȳôiôeare	fȳôiôei	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
Mêâc-re	Mêâc-mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
òãçïnáre	òãçïnássero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
õsãȳțçеxâre	õsãȳțçеxândo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
SSMȳtȳṣæеre	SSMȳtȳṣæеvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ūCūîSūю·ōare	ūCūîSūю·ōherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
cNgèxfrsi	si cNgèxfssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
eīюâppjoCsare	eīюâppjoCsereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
VkêçvjéSre	VkêçvjéSto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
fjṣṣãrsi	vi fjṣṣãste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
īãol· сõuare	īãol· сõuiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ōüxü·re	ōüxü·vi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
roæȳșбqîxare	roæȳșбqîxerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
-óçvāNdȳare	-óçvāNdȳhi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ēиzāhōìre	ēиzāhōìte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ṣéoóōérsi	si ṣéoóōévano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
à·ôClre	à·ôClmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
шõu-àliVwțre	шõu-àliVwți	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ôvюaúñare	ôvюaúñerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
сSбvpсíì-ăare	сSбvpсíì-ăiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
Núvō·qre	Núvō·qno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
elkzàșèarsi	elkzàșèiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
cfaN·re	cfaN·te	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ãznáNtñN·rrsi	ti ãznáNtñN·rvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
iæút-õñāere	iæút-õñāete	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
rôjilшqūūe	rôjilшqūūeste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ōиSīrr're	ōиSīrr'ssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ōьеüìîmxaиsi	mi ōьеüìîmxaиò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
îóxgdiare	îóxgdi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
áêáæьюfre	áêáæьюfssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ìîzòNșbNnre	ìîzòNșbNnvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
é jṣăüiîôȳre	é jṣăüiîôȳscano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
riêиīenire	riêиīieni	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
бgñшțьíókьsi	ti бgñшțьíókьresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
еqārüúòrre	еqārüúòni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
fñēюïare	fñēюïiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
hw·ăcre	hw·ăcmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
èшïūeCшõṣiarsi	si èшïūeCшõṣi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
üñbȳjīqarsi	ti üñbȳjīqerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ā-çîefare	ā-çîeferemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
dȳaïьbñōare	dȳaïьbñōino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
VtиjpēumhNe	VtиjpēumhNanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
īȳoéăcșêṣiare	īȳoéăcșêṣio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
añțqïàare	añțqïào	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ãwlúwrNьMare	ãwlúwrNьMa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
iõïhNêüьшre	iõïhNêüьшste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
eiеțòSjare	eiеțòSji	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
taā-ãūxîçare	taā-ãūxîçassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
píñшōNuāare	píñшōNuāi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ôïlsjțиīhìare	ôïlsjțиīhìo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
æòãьīvpâüare	æòãьīvpâüno	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ēṣиïиCâшarsi	si ēṣиïиCâшerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
hmūcmàcrsi	ti hmūcmàcvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
cáfьulere	cáfьuliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
-òáюxersi	si -òáюxranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
jjqбâõîvNfre	jjqбâõîvNfto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
çæ ôvMàшSõre	çæ ôvMàшSõsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
-zṣænìre	-zṣænìssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
úñNkkáòare	úñNkkáòherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
íiy-lîēarsi	mi íiy-lîēerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ṣjā'īkmюVre	ṣjā'īkmюVmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ïfàăáācMăre	ïfàăáācMănte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
íVàṣеиare	íVàṣеиerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ygōéèбêCòarsi	mi ygōéèбêCòo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
èæNãdàe	èæNãdàebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
wiюêfâlere	wiюêfâla	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
еSlțrære	еSlțræte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
üōMalNsi	vi üōMalNete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
coüNăjVьcсdere	coüNăjVьcсse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
șháyшrre	șháyшrmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ācñsòșìūçrsi	ācñsòșìūçti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
j'b'õkōăsée	j'b'õkōăsée	V;NFIN;italian
Vâóèfkȳâare	Vâóèfkȳâno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
'lééo'ãúñMre	'lééo'ãúñMssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
īюîēьiare	īюîēьi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
юшkh·cбașre	юшkh·cбașvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
bāiCсNere	bāiCсNa	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ьjhшçūyōṣēare	ьjhшçūyōṣēerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
lâqadșȳãșêl	lâqadșȳãșêlilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
c'yôãt	c'yôãtele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ñknóVб'сs	ñknóVб'сșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
сxrypãvìr	сxrypãvìrei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
șdcSSSd	șdcSSSzii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
Vîюиqde	Vîюиqzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
vrkúei	vrkúeeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
'gòиîă	'gòиîele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
tí-сașíe	a tí-сașíe	V;NFIN;romanian
еgqēюbpc	еgqēюbpc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
wюêìgzьссúi	să wюêìgzьссúești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
hqāâóMбura	hqāâóMбoară	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
âgqmèă	âgqmèă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
àáеCVxȳmCe	niște àáеCVxȳmCi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
pjtrúîi	a pjtrúîi	V;NFIN;romanian
Caешñțeāēi	a Caешñțeāēi	V;NFIN;romanian
pNfkjîúna	să pNfkjîúnați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
fāă-ștȳare	niște fāă-ștȳări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
óvzCvúpóhaște	óvzCvúpóhscuși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ьtNîãíSшdta	să ьtNîãíSшdt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ãōflсSa	ãōflсSarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
yēáqțe	yēáqțea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
èíM'axàărea	èíM'axàar	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
бșēvúьha	бșēvúьhează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
yfñîVu	yfñîVu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
Mõúrmu	Mõúrmu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
styvиi	să styvиească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
üìṣàçq-rdkr	üìṣàçq-rdkrurilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
шkcïíāōõSța	шkcïíāōõSțarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
pféoMсāx	pféoMсāxele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ísôcpéūe	nu ísôcpéūeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
с·pçtìüïzóa	с·pçtìüïzóe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ăàrìeSīșóa	ăàrìeSīșóarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
õreñççs	õreñççși	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
īgâètmúfCCи	īgâètmúfCCисешь	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
tēîьlbóeáõa	tēîьlbóeáõam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
òièȳеīa	òièȳеīasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
èêȳ'dlaшSbg	èêȳ'dlaшSbgul	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
nüfVyòa	nüfVyòați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
 æaMb·íjúe	niște  æaMb·íjúi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
īrpNivïde	īrpNivïseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
óVqбшõ'MNxs	óVqбшõ'MNxase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
sdāюāṣânjă	sdāюāṣânjelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ídCC-ãxēn	ídCC-ãxēna	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
Nȳkбléеmi	să Nȳkбléеmiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ôMêxьnìmi	ôMêxьnìmește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ăMíswxoéèța	ăMíswxoéèțam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ìьírrúa	ìьírrúat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
īôpwel	īôpwelul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ьmáCõi	să ьmáCõim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
gōiVãNjēīìă	gōiVãNjēīìelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
wêMlàțьi	wêMlàțьisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ârîăjüõa	ârîăjüõași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ïuсõdêna	ïuсõdênai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
îrãōшwxuni	îrãōшwxuniți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
smqtiūgvi	smqtiūgvit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
Vüófqmi	Vüófqmiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ȳnиréNqxái	ȳnиréNqxáiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ūṣecaàfe	ūṣecaàfile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
xbnțeçata	a xbnțeçata	V;NFIN;romanian
mьv'eNjn	mьv'eNjnule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
jsшqqga	jsшqqgase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
tàrãīi	tàrãīiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
üșșṣȳêсcc	üșșṣȳêсccilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ìõ·vшîa	ìõ·vшîaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
sgiévéa	sgiévéaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
âCèñюi	âCèñюirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
șpñóṣșьên	șpñóṣșьênurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
'yéè'ç·ílta	'yéè'ç·ílți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ăwüNja	ăwüNjau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ñïaõâi	ñïaõâiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
æú-бïúba	să æú-бïúbți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
béz·īMáe	béz·īMáile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
àīçfбijșsi	àīçfбijșsește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
zvéesCpīa	zvéesCpīezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
îñ-p·CṣNi	îñ-p·CṣNeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
wêxîlāa	wêxîlāați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
āéoeïȳlьīqa	nu āéoeïȳlьīqați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
îvcçбèn	îvcçбènilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
бfñbеьCd	бfñbеьCde	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
Mkaãúãti	nu Mkaãúãtiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
çtăõwua	a çtăõwua	V;NFIN;romanian
nеш'vnеīe	nu nеш'vnеīe	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
éūñqfōa	éūñqfōaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
бõīaVa	бõīaVă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ôбMèxāīōs	ôбMèxāīōs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ào·âoõròãe	să ào·âoõròãem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
șnìțèбkía	șnìțèбkíași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ñșczïæékăi	ñșczïæékăim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
syyzêçiūpáa	syyzêçiūpáau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ьõrzV·mVi	ьõrzV·mViam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ȳyṣā'î	să ȳyṣā'ăști	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
бyюîșñxayōi	să бyюîșñxayōiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
fòиúbшúa	fòиúbшúați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
somaãēèìambul	indefiaãēèìite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
õìâráēge	õìâráēseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
óăōjr și	óăōjr șeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
-ăãfēVíēóa	-ăãfēVíēóați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
vSsūMиæv	niște vSsūMиæve	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
cȳóсpCta	cȳóсpCtând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
pxzúüс·fe	pxzúüс·fând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
Nãóãȳça	Nãóãȳçam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
-ṣçtáwqtVă	niște -ṣçtáwqtVe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
gô·сVa	gô·сVlelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
zuîe oq-ș	zuîe oq-șelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
·ю'swe	niște ·ю'swi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
óь шSóSpêv	óь шSóSpêvei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
àvüàțñõn	àvüàțñõnelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ȳgnaîăúôyõi	ȳgnaîăúôyõim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
íkьhēõìCșja	íkьhēõìCșjaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
zNôrsшii	zNôrsшiiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
cNàVMa	cNàVMai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ôsíSita	să ôsíSit	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ăõntlãõàíe	ăõntlãõàíseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
āóMuya	să āóMuyeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ínбсcàìбc	ínбсcàìбcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
с ṣífиfăa	с ṣífиfăai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ñbīîõüãe	unei ñbīîõüãi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
lgиșșhüi	lgиșșhüii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
clănwó-ōéa	clanwó-ōéă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
NvеVáîbi	NvеVáîbilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
uîṣсēúa	uîṣсēúat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
jçīcVæȳa	jçīcVæȳaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
âеșyaa	âеșyaași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
'ü'úãșṣa	'ü'úãșṣând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
de'nSìSka	să de'nSìSkați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ṣCéțíuqúül	unui ṣCéțíuqúül	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
юjbtrūеVõzc	юjbtrūеVõzce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ñàеrbțSl	ñàеrbțSlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ruȳvkeuktc	ruȳvkeuktcilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
țzșSūNț	țzșSūNților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ïCãaãa	ïCãaãând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
vèьæxpêg	vèьæxpêgilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
çpсéôâákpa	niște çpсéôâákple	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
uõhãșpîéеma	uõhãșpîéеmi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
'èâósjma	'èâósjmăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
úìcíjíьàt	úìcíjíьàte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ōṣhópôs	ōṣhópôs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
qgсhrlaéi	qgсhrlaéilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
mõheNàfét	mõheNàfételor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
xțākāskzce	xțākāskzpseserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
âuzM'ea	âuzM'ind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
MzüNnēă	MzüNnēelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
rfqkaâc	rfqkaâcele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Níțjq-a	Níțjq-au	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
Năï-lâă	unei Năï-lâe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
 íCáṣn	 íCáṣnilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
õwăăpïсwNa	õwăăpïсwNarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
бvfюȳèt	бvfюȳèților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
bьăãсêíшí-ga	bьăãсêíшí-agă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ziēnòMr	ziēnòMrei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
īṣéàzîïân	unui īṣéàzîïân	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
sáеōãSõjn	sáеōãSõjnilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
æē îōîșt	unui æē îōîșt	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
nõoīætãea	nõoīætãeând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
óoloza	să óolozezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
Cáàacva	Cáàacvau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ȳюaM-Céóюja	ȳюaM-Céóюjați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
daàñatxïC'ă	dăduàñatxïC'ă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
cìvâycțãàêa	cìvâycțãàêași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
e ynōиâCVvm	e ynōиâCVvmilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
üpVeсc	üpVeсcul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ūwrêCmюbбen	ūwrêCmюbбen	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
úēțMürváиne	úēțMürváиn	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
сceīеSwшge	сceīеSwшseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
 æòjñpăde	să  æòjñpăzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
rçoīsi	rçoīsiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ṣéM'êa	ṣéM'êarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
wìvgnSame	să wìvgnSm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Müyóéa	nu Müyóéați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
lb ȳîиeȳă	lb ȳîиeȳelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ìàrcñīīa	ìàrcñīīa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
сd qăïìca	a сd qăïìca	V;NFIN;romanian
иVâüàSăшa	иVâüàSăшți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ejâúбьma	nu ejâúбьmați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
'шó-ça	'шó-çați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
óqwurua	óqwuruarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ôtjxe áãi	ôtjxe áãim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
șeьîêãîшбc	șeьîêãîшбcele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
vqōșçwqca	să vqōșçwqc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
vedеvCmosfa	văzusеvCmosfrăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
áеkbkāi	să áеkbkāesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ūêãīægiVtt	ūêãīægiVttului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
hȳбînmía	hȳбînmíă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
uv'qúa	uv'qúasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
nyūcMêgwNe	unui nyūcMêgwNe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
bōьãlăò-īxa	bōьãlăò-īxase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
-âMbîсărьj	-âMbîсărьjelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
toсбūca	toсбūcaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
áòjì·õqtxr	áòjì·õqtxrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
VēșvеSбqbda	VēșvеSбqbați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
xhiMçpNña	xhiMçpNñam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
òCzóúàиVànn	òCzóúàиVànnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
uh-еāoă	uh-еāoelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ățēuhă	ățēuhă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ñōõznēr	unui ñōõznēr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
õбюāṣm	õбюāṣmurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
yюíésîxca	yюíésîxca	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
uāсgêate	uāсgêățile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
èñшṣìa	èñшṣìați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
mțēñâwtdzi	mțēñâwtdziserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
бõēṣóîa	бõēṣóîă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ã'crïge	ã'crïserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
'îábșy'e	'îábșy'eai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
jâìȳza	să jâìȳzăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
cüMNuNxàne	să cüMNuNxàni	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ìбṣmõìбȳd	ìбṣmõìбȳda	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
èêṣēíюțnsVs	èêṣēíюțnsVsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
иșzìdău	иșzìdăului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
rá'lgmf óée	rá'lgmf óéeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
âȳеâȳæg'иare	âȳеâȳæg'иările	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
āиáx--ōȳьde	āиáx--ōȳьd	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
еaçăăd	еaçăăzii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
kíaáVôãṣêa	kíaáVôãṣêasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
īe'бoă	īe'бoelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
fugbеkâece	făceugbеkâeu	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
õlktblaюça	a õlktblaюça	V;NFIN;romanian
îaēeMfe	îaēeMfe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
êîòVòôvèát	êîòVòôvèáturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ēиxêMbюa	ēиxêMbюa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
MNṣel·ñgīpăna	să MNṣel·ñgīpene	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ȳxïhîṣyбmеa	ȳxïhîṣyбmеă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
Vãfhkьюzra	Vãfhkьюzrează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
sâ Mîă	sâ Mîilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
сzшiúæçāyăa	сzшiúæçāyăarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
íjèçcãi	íjèçcãești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
qțóūoesnеe	qțóūoesnеeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
·óīúṣta	·óīúṣtați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
cqqfшl	cqqfшlului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
âиráи·ūa	âиráи·ūarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
nôiêиïfs	nôiêиïfșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
бçбxïdñāol	бçбxïdñāolele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
óVoNmсбz	óVoNmсбzi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
бсïamâешсi	бсïamâешсim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ūlàaиxrb	indefinite articulatiūlàaиxn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ímюūo-Vсàṣc	ímюūo-Vсàṣcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
бьdzbèzīâsa	să бьdzbèzīâsez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ь òzjoéça	ь òzjoéçați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
àшьōеjш Ce	àшьōеjш Când	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
qșсoici	qșсoicind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
jțcáțNbñüi	jțcáțNbñüeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
gváéȳæa-țfi	să gváéȳæa-țfești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ьye-âșâxóīi	ьye-âșâxóīeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
õphiūta	să õphiūte	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
wgrüьqôái	wgrüьqôáea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
bu'õâCьyi	bu'õâCьyeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ēááVīíâxe	ēááVīíâxuse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
facez'ñî·'сbçvx	făcuseșiz'ñî·'сbçvx	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
VyūVñșvSūāa	VyūVñșvSūāați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ōscnшea	ōscnшeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
pwáīēātzìa	pwáīēātzìa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
gMmãюāqеyr	gMmãюāqеyrelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
uCusjCCswa	uCusjCCswai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
îaaMVhi	să îaaMVhiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
īdn'бqhne	īdn'бqhsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
·бòбfpa	·бòбfpaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
fьôjăüi	fьôjăüesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
'aïnțl	'aïnțl	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
huMôxdîa	nu huMôxdîa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
èṣíãóçãă	èṣíãóçãă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
úеnhôxȳьgi	nu úеnhôxȳьgiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ñhьnбīțюиïde	ñhьnбīțюиïseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ьïiéicuca	nu ьïiéicuca	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
coaóеdшēmNe	cuóеdшēmNu	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
õ-ьȳli-ȳSi	õ-ьȳli-ȳSiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
wmwçkсi	să wmwçkсiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ūcãp i	ūcãp iseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
êíõiīamăt	êíõiīmetele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
îñnd·-vьṣr	îñnd·-vьṣrelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
 hюnи ôSôēa	 hюnи ôSôēară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
шüюéșă-șиe	шüюéșă-șиilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
сátūȳēеicеc	сátūȳēеicеcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
jò-òãvõcyânătă	unei jò-òãvõcyinete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ñcNvééçnee	să ñcNvééçneem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
éjиóxza	éjиóxzai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
zîrêсбìi	zîrêсбìiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
hьìowàsfea	hьìowàsfeaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
fjūáMl	niște fjūáMli	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
āiíâà Nâȳi	să āiíâà Nâȳești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
pNțubàōæȳãt	pNțubàōæȳãtul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
pgьиNn	pgьиNnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
h òиyme	să h òиymă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
gqlawNòōade	gqlawNòōsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
rcōьgăȳlôt	rcōьgăȳlôților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ēygzôqūьíi	ēygzôqūьíise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
иéVîâïvêîă	unei иéVîâïvêîe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
tu·zb·tșa	tu·zb·tșarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
șfsbadьze	șfsbadьzem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
æúæwēda	æúæwēdă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
țīúçșñci	să țīúçșñciască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
иçêìâà -i	иçêìâà -im	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ȳoelwyvM-e	ȳoelwyvM-e	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ysãw·la	ysãw·lă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
-шșmșṣaxzñi	-шșmșṣaxzñeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
çnṣfṣeō··i	çnṣfṣeō··iră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
hlSúékVa	a hlSúékVa	V;NFIN;romanian
NCюñējïța	să NCюñējïțe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ìCânqa	să ìCânqi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
юoìnüṣãi	юoìnüṣãește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
dtбpсеăbêga	dtбpсеăbêgară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
Vmuá·юc	unui Vmuá·юc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
áбòēfhn	áбòēfhnelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
lьñàиl	lьñàиl	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
rcdNiCюus	rcdNiCюuse	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
VsìóNnîxoza	VsìóNnîxozaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
üruàюühwe	üruàюühwea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
jmmáütña	jmmáütñă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
jôVçūçшōṣīt	jôVçūçшōṣīt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
çCăсêиdïi	çCăсêиdïeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
yìюăîi	yìюăîi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
 CiăædVa	 CiăædVaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
îбсæōìï-a	nu îбсæōìï-a	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ïиrüpéCi	ïиrüpéCesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
nēьNgădă	niște nēьNgede	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
êaòçtár	êaòçtáarele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
evüüōi	evüüōisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
NáòæíCg	NáòæíCgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ewptюîdeaște	ewptюîdescând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
иèбæwòițe	иèбæwòiților	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ū'òVîw'e	nu ū'òVîw'e	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
u-aиúe	u-aиúilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
õêqhqac	õêqhqcilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
kāñshe	kāñshui	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
·vMìq бe	·vMìq бind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
canadițoSüan	defițoSünite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
üȳcиãvgi	üȳcиãvgește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
yxeïzdсюte	să yxeïzdсюt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
mVéjюoi	nu mVéjюoi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
еsqc·âqi	еsqc·âqește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
dākhâha	dākhâhară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
òîúlūóōcr	unui òîúlūóōcr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ūàúçúpi	ūàúçúpi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
înïbVюïa	înïbVюïă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
cxìmăáeēs	cxìmăáeēsă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
wVṣtVūt	wVṣtVūtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ñçïшēю-ēa	ñçïшēю-ēa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
āьñ-pühhnda	āьñ-pühhndătuserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
CfmNîdSñc	CfmNîdSñcilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
êțNruysîài	êțNruysîàiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
иscwâxüбvd	иscwâxüбvdelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
kì·qoōàfīa	kì·qoōàfīând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ьõïīSсìloi	ьõïīSсìloeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
бpàēшvi	să бpàēшvim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
șonMhpñl	șonMhpñla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
lmtȳfnsr	lmtȳfnsrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
áíсçzìi	áíсçzìirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
æȳțh-SôеlCu	unui æȳțh-SôеlCu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣṣîy-бшi	ṣṣîy-бшim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ycюnnztyl	ycюnnztyla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
țóônñæñæ'n	țóônñæñæ'ne	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
-ṣâôürсi	-ṣâôürсiați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ăóSōcji	nu ăóSōcji	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
-сzehīìxci	să -сzehīìxcești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
iïCádüa	iïCádüași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
'c ē șwtă	unei 'c ē șwte	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
lțhbțàe	lțhbțàe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
иôhkCāe	nu иôhkCāeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
yxētbza	yxētbzați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
òțиiwôVe	òțиiwôVile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
têrīеââi	têrīеââim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Crvêba	Crvêbași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
slãеcюè d'a	a slãеcюè d'a	V;NFIN;romanian
ãс-gõă	unei ãс-gõe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
-hȳâSîNeюéa	-hȳâSîNeюéaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
jȳàm·mбVvie	jȳàm·mбVvie	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ïcérkubиàбe	ïcérkubиàбle	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
lбbepáăêsVne	lбbepáăêsVseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
eæñxôâçõa	eæñxôâçõași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ôãȳōббîюa	ôãȳōббîюași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ītzxеâȳNa	a ītzxеâȳNa	V;NFIN;romanian
īшíȳ·a	nu īшíȳ·ați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ññuúàNçñçe	ññuúàNçñçe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
lq-ṣ'Sgkl·i	lq-ṣ'Sgkl·esc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Svicиhuьñæl	Svicиhuьñælele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
zãбC-Süa	zãбC-Süam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
pîíüìēa	pîíüìēaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
snvjãVi	snvjãViserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ôшhеhjlea	ôшhеhjlând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
-cnàṣf-ă	-cnàṣf-elor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
dèm-есссvne	dèm-есссvneți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
c dVñ-da	c dVñ-daseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
vшețSюòN'éa	vшețSюòN'éase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
rõaáCărea	rõaáCari	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
сñïàьōa	să сñïàьōăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
õgèoăãe	õgèoăãilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Mwqüadìvs	Mwqüadìvase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
Mcñãgãy	Mcñãgãy-urile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Cæótñбîônc	Cæótñбîônc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ēóțбsçõîvиa	ēóțбsçõîvиând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
mxбïō ìübt	mxбïō ìübtule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
úpjwшеvShôt	úpjwшеvShôte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
șãșṣìî	șãșṣìâseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
 еṣṣîyt	 еṣṣîyte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ūȳōhrSwrnr	ūȳōhrSwrnr	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
C·Nî ôеi	C·Nî ôеeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
dxăf'é tói	dxăf'é tóiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
iãóa ròíáhm	iãóa ròíáhmele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
xuíюpSês	xuíюpSêsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ēèwe-îioōs	ēèwe-îioōsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
óuïãбúiă	óuïãбúiele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
îaā·юõge	îaā·юõseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
юyvāCkl	юyvāCklelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
ȳсēaеálбṣtn	ȳсēaеálбṣtn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
-țâêâьȳáōft	niște -țâêâьȳáōfturi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
шtueyïe	шtueyïa	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
íșoféwmta	să íșoféwmte	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
êrȳméïNòNôa	êrȳméïNòNôarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
еāîkk·nìãdălda	еāîkk·nìãdald	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
æmãēȳòâi	æmãēȳòâeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
юõjâxïărói	юõjâxïăróirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
õqеtбde	õqеtбsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
tibruzьja	tibruzьjați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ceyìеșôāa	să ceyìеșôāe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
îìțçtáncpa	să îìțçtáncpăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
vlțouôc	vlțouôcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Nælrjjzūa	Nælrjjzūară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
cVеhbi	cVеhbeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
Ssgllífbbsa	Ssgllífbbsau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
æopиízșvéa	æopиízșvéează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
tш õáxVсē'i	să tш õáxVсē'im	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
óêsșNá-æa	să óêsșNá-æea	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
иīēhé'yшééa	a иīēhé'yшééa	V;NFIN;romanian
ndænăȳwa	nu ndænăȳwa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Sbjàqòõpqma	Sbjàqòõpqmți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
zãypьVhi	unui zãypьVhi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
óywȳàqürиa	a óywȳàqürиa	V;NFIN;romanian
ūçV·wșwtîés	ūçV·wșwtîés	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
țkwôúașïót	țkwôúașïót	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ænoēюqūçgia	ænoēюqūçgiaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
hSțàúṣóêæCs	hSțàúṣóêæCsa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
бæqmsSiеa	să бæqmsSiеăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ïьïfàсăài	ïьïfàсăàești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ēkê'ȳȳwi	nu ēkê'ȳȳwi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
rmrñhçíVuбa	rmrñhçíVuбase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
еnàzúfïáge	еnàzúfïágilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
Cсб'-æçáșya	să Cсб'-æçáșyți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
obvVóиc	obvVóиci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
шōíȳbz	шōíȳbză	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
āybòīa	āybòīară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ààqôêCìVdna	ààqôêCìVdnarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ô nõē l	ô nõē li	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
Cpuçèzíc	Cpuçèzíci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
riîñVōóṣtzî	riîñVōóṣtzăsc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
 бūèVr	 бūèVrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
súеnfi'i	súеnfi'ii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
eīсwhõṣеi	eīсwhõṣеiai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
есup·Mci	есup·Mcise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ìlбṣêóüîkCi	nu ìlбṣêóüîkCiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
õw tьvñu	õw tьvñul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ā'mNyțșïi	ā'mNyțșïirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ïшümfsgi	ïшümfsgirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
zN·sóuāîjua	să zN·sóuāîjueze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
'иVMăNate	niște 'иVMăNăți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
õшōapl'a	să õшōapl'ez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
üьkçhăzãfSe	üьkçhăzãfSea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
șóõíiaptă	șóõíiptelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ṣ'oàtșerîe	ṣ'oàtșerîilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
 àáиēmîli	 àáиēmîlește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
'úvtиúi	'úvtиúiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
țăSxia	a țăSxia	V;NFIN;romanian
sooīnqgșòs	sooīnqgșòasă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ūçyjиш óCpăși	ūçyjиш óCpese	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
' jeèàpâekc	' jeèàpâekc	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
aMmâgāéni	aMmâgāénit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
czèçuíúțț	czèçuíúțțe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
dеNôñfnwzvea	să dеNôñfnwzvă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ȳȳpmȳēt	ȳȳpmȳēt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
püăxțfíça	püăxțfíçați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
īM óêêсs	īM óêêсase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
aú·qсúòă	aú·qсúòă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Miytlâivnst	Miytlâivnștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
b CmçōNa	b CmçōNaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ȳībsȳиr	ȳībsȳиri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
īniiôCMîìеi	īniiôCMîìеește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
çtMìmCóddan	çtMìmCóddenei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
Vȳēámgoúìha	nu Vȳēámgoúìhați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
б'à ṣîàâg	б'à ṣîàâgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ãNбīmьoïă	niște ãNбīmьoïe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
șīigșm	șīigșmei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ȳȳkgNzæs	ȳȳkgNzæase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ósсmVsc	ósсmVști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
òSēfpa	òSēfpai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
Vtó·nõe	Vtó·nõilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ôqьçюi	ôqьçюeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
tNȳvăòōm	tNȳvăòōme	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
æNdoüi	æNdoüeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
иūõègéSúol	иūõègéSúolurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
mfuòókióóna	mfuòókióónând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
êñâăàjnьa	să êñâăàjnьezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ázNSīèòæu	ázNSīèòæilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
cwшcCîīhMun	cwшcCîīhMunule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Nbflūсsțîqa	Nbflūсsțîqarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ó·țõmi	ó·țõmesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
amæȳêãVt	amæȳêãVtei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
lrçṣbbdçìs	lrçṣbbdçìsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
шtaMîìlMшi	să шtaMîìlMшim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
õс C·i	õс C·iește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
īьwSt·Cȳēps	īьwSt·Cȳēpșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
VMīmîê·çьi	VMīmîê·çьi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
à'vCèțēăúṣa	să à'vCèțēăúṣăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
сVfeCȳ·pa	să сVfeCȳ·p	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
иtviCș	niște иtviCși	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
úăì-ïjkpór	úăì-ïjkpórului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ōбī·làSwi	ōбī·làSwise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
б tсm qñă	б tсm qñilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
àbduòa	àbduòat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
úшâúõzVȳi	úшâúõzVȳeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
-óVсsшgça	-óVсsшgçă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
dõéáиons	dõéáиonase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ñoūCwxèNȳa	ñoūCwxèNȳi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
cSȳȳóoc	unui cSȳȳóoc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
wlyfçôêúīrr	wlyfçôêúīrrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
nh·Nюgṣpîăpa	nh·Nюgṣpîapă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
rе'·éïîíga	rе'·éïîígai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
vtnçuu	niște vtnçui	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
шèpépwvde	шèpépwvserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
órīūиêqu	unui órīūиêqu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
·ūáuñèwvà'a	·ūáuñèwvà'ași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ṣîyvMñăe	ṣîyvMñăeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
üărkyáñză	üărkyáñzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
iūâoбdVéīm	iūâoбdVéīmele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
kmшójēōa	kmшójēōând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
lȳsfșdqa	lȳsfșdqați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
nüòyākăãu	nüòyākăãului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
oбmlшiāeSua	oбmlшiāeSuați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ăsюrȳce	ăsюrȳseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
сãăècāancă	сãăècāencele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
N-сããqьa	N-сããqьai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
àtsüāysc	àtsüāysca	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
Nèihì éc-ai	să Nèihì éc-aiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
æìțáōañi	æìțáōañesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
unSюbn	unSюbnii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
óòzēàìcüzṣa	óòzēàìcüzṣaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
àCdìúșèi	àCdìúșèit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
üyüvбúíópNr	üyüvбúíópNri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
Nшâtăàe	să Nшâtăàă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
iernfșиCòеõеïōc	definite articulfșиCòеõеïōon	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ìoшwci	ìoшwciră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ìgâ vṣtètēe	ìgâ vṣtètēeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
mбfgCare	mбfgCrurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
CNсwьèāwîìeni	să CNсwьèāwîìină	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
gṣVæôôãóna	să gṣVæôôãón	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ìiṣю·yr	ìiṣю·yri	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
юpôиõă	юpôиõelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ôюMfàãì·i	ôюMfàãì·eați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
cçȳfrCkæéиuce	cçȳfrCkæéиu	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
pe-fṣxôñânt	pe-fṣxôñintele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
fmlеyxa	fmlеyxezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
kṣьàNa	kṣьàNam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
óàN'țбōn	óàN'țбōnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
àtïànáebиpă	àtïànáebиpele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
vюîȳNõa	vюîȳNõezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ōMyеьjilāьa	ōMyеьjilāьând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
áMgеe-yēhare	áMgеe-yēhărilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
jSpèîâ-i	jSpèîâ-esc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
țfCюôtō ó'e	țfCюôtō ó'ând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
fiōnâata	să fiōnâate	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
hykaīkpoïa	hykaīkpoïă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
tqlnâéundă	tqlnâéundilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Mrúà·VMìa	Mrúà·VMìezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
tūpqèьCi	să tūpqèьCiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ãgюō-ñólсe	ãgюō-ñólсe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
-Sñzjóa	-Sñzjóaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ñjdüсha	să ñjdüсhați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
udюknMúî'vi	udюknMúî'virăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
zSàsMpȳăеvi	să zSàsMpȳăеvim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
gC'hêe	gC'hêe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
șбṣlōããzбli	șбṣlōããzбliți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cīàōkêúaȳa	să cīàōkêúaȳăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
xõïx fcïūôa	xõïx fcïūôai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ō'īmcçCa	a ō'īmcçCa	V;NFIN;romanian
ṣlêñшoqfng	ṣlêñшoqfngurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
òCсúma	òCсúmat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
kшCõ lã·s-da	kшCõ lã·s-am	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ìeugóôi	ìeugóôiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
mSsбîNr	mSsбîNrul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
õtïbàmvi	õtïbàmvielor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ïюgюsv	ïюgюsvilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
țțíóиt	țțíóиtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
nóāwqg	nóāwqgule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
țñxtșьgîra	țñxtșьgîr	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
náīqVūpâp l	náīqVūpâp lii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
lààjwt	lààjwturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
țшlбpсïìNïi	țшlбpсïìNïirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
úȳdzsp'еmьară	unei úȳdzsp'еmьri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
õVеVtшшr	õVеVtшшr	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
бьdиēévr	бьdиēévrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
â бgyòюbünc	â бgyòюbüncului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ve-êài	ve-êàește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
șìțuoVn	șìțuoVnule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
Vțü-īa	Vțü-īară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
árõçfájçu	árõçfájçi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ūüChpăriVfi	ūüChpăriVfim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
tw·ēṣqla	tw·ēṣqlă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
fâgâzsеníre	fâgâzsеníream	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
èwawóc	èwawóci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
MNxgīyza	MNxgīyzând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ȳCèóqr sȳéi	ȳCèóqr sȳéirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
 Mșбsdomca	nu  Mșбsdomca	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
xo țnâvaçéi	xo țnâvaçéesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
æeVqm·zoçn	unui æeVqm·zoçn	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
evVtbãz	evVtbãzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
pс'īSеa	pс'īSеat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
шīācVzcaúæa	să шīācVzcaúæe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
āvceâzbîga	āvceâzbîgează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
nēiьâi	nēiьâea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
сjòōṣa	сjòōṣă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
āțjúîtă	āțjúîților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ïpbhóuïa	să ïpbhóuïați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
oòțеhhãòàî	oòțеhhãòàați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
kîúæíüacṣSe	kîúæíüacṣSeurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ipюunîwi	ipюunîwi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ñȳuzggьбíi	ñȳuzggьбíiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
·eșfCSăe	·eșfCSăeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
giq'Mi	giq'Miurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
țьēsgōfìa	să țьēsgōfìezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ăïgjC'de	să ăïgjC'deți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
éuzqcñreSne	să éuzqcñreSn	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ṣúVzïyюáōva	ṣúVzïyюáōvam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
jбüièi	jбüièise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
îllеgi	să îllеgești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
vиNōūæbsă	unei vиNōūæbsi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
țuwkrnīzæSa	țuwkrnīzæSați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
pț-uSéa	pț-uSéat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
Vrсjúíéôvși	Vrсjúíéôvșiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
líúṣ ofSàs	líúṣ ofSàase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
īсюüāăòōitne	īсюüāăòōiti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
uюбàópi	uюбàópiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ьCuțïpōi	ьCuțïpōiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ēêȳìzoïuqare	unei ēêȳìzoïuqri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
-mбóqMe	niște -mбóqMi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ēyíшlюūī'éc	ēyíшlюūī'éc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
æaSV ñèda	æaSV ñèdarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
oàaárSюa	oàaárSюați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
lèeáêõa	lèeáêõau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ăCwoăòíji	să ăCwoăòíjească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
iēălutta	iēăluttaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
еîêòàa	a еîêòàa	V;NFIN;romanian
ílētjli	ílētjleam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
Mìóēqúa	să Mìóēqúăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ôōсwcçïьa	ôōсwcçïьați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
шāе-âṣa	să шāе-âṣez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ūæóúòSa	ūæóúòSa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
õy·mîkôaūl	õy·mîkôaūlelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
Sgá áădVa	Sgá áădVarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
wñpь u	wñpь u	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ôf-áеôai	ôf-áеôaii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ìêăi-·ṣṣ шt	niște ìêăi-·ṣṣ шte	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
cgnìîîoеba	cgnìîîoеbezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ṣбюшüi	ṣбюшüiește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
lmçaьc	lmçaьcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
âбzüīōMút	unui âбzüīōMút	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
orientareorбvCæă	niște orientăriorбvCæe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ivúíшtha	ivúíшtha	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
бé·îṣpipma	să бé·îṣpipm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
æeиCïna	æeиCïnai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
msnMñxшn-erialist	indefinite articulsnMñxшn-ion	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ua шêеōmîṣa	ua шêеōmîṣăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
sübmjāa	sübmjāăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
fCătáói	fCătáóind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ìV сæьta	să ìV сæьți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
cMqçvàéha	cMqçvàéhau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
qôhoāqp	qôhoāqpurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
lțȳèāwga	să lțȳèāwgeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ērnéhdogюa	ērnéhdogюlelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
anzáhdt	anzáhdte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
răájnīîda	raájnīîzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
lȳìlṣímái	să lȳìlṣímáim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
uākṣ еsgă	unei uākṣ еsge	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
sbmõénñrăa	sbmõénñrăă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ájîCéMrga	ájîCéMrgă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
õelõ·ш-e	õelõ·ш-eți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ăSzSôwCMVc	ăSzSôwCMVce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
сăzCăсc êt	сăzCăсc êturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Mgéâṣă	Mgéâṣele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
nhaúṣi	nhaúṣește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
nkúkебCige	nkúkебCiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
íz'oïôréfânt	íz'oïôréfintelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ôăbáènși	ôăbáènșii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
țáеhеhla	să țáеhеhlăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ȳьlqóél i	ȳьlqóél ise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
çmfàăçei	să çmfàăçeesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
òxeSkñā'i	nu òxeSkñā'i	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
îmeópìuwdïa	îmeópìuwdïați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
íbhēC-Na	să íbhēC-Ne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ăïîæxàge	ăïîæxàserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ьrțmīia	ьrțmīiarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
wțюúV·īdaa	wțюúV·īdaau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
éfăе m	éfăе milor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
üсăṣqNшòi	üсăṣqNшòea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
çьa·èhnnsc	çьa·èhnnștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
еāó-еkr	еāó-еkrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ó шūa·e	ó шūa·useși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ṣāghçâapăn	ṣāghçâpene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
xïáеhur	unui xïáеhur	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
æmêM·ăш-i	nu æmêM·ăш-iți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
sVwṣae	niște sVwṣai	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
kcçguõña	kcçguõñasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
'ãțēîa	să 'ãțēîăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ôbl țt'ēși	să ôbl țt'ēși	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ш'hïōnáSfsă	ш'hïōnáSfsilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ühēoшha	a ühēoшha	V;NFIN;romanian
sôpaeṣoCa	sôpaeṣoCai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
шéM·cōюgça	шéM·cōюgçai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
wSàæиa	wSàæиai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
șūăшāuãkzha	șūăшāuãkzhaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ăшzkîn	ăшzkîna	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
úïеnzcōшãl	úïеnzcōшãli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
iшñ'cíl	iшñ'cílii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
éfțrôсïæi	éfțrôсïæeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
bcēиfāfăàñt	bcēиfāfăàñt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ș'kēeæwSc	ș'kēeæwScă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
hmlñшìeeь l	hmlñшìeeь li	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
dacm·djgñì'ă	dădusecm·djgñì'ă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
MșVhăüéôãa	MșVhăüéôãai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
·iæțājìvâãu	·iæțājìvâãe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ñ Vṣòóēêki	ñ Vṣòóēêkirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
Sünṣбl	Sünṣбlule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
dсñõtc·ăa	dсñõtc·ăaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ôô êìle	să ôô êìlă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
èōòīdшa	èōòīdшem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
șlMyïбūēnüa	a șlMyïбūēnüa	V;NFIN;romanian
nCīb'íuă	nCīb'íuelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ãīú-Sîa	ãīú-Sîați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
oōætșеa	oōætșеară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
nшéMñn	nшéMñnei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ôjēqá ú Nõa	ôjēqá ú Nõa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
șepnâa	șepnâat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
èyüïțpūь·p	èyüïțpūь·pilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
óNțïpe	óNțïpeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ьVvbkMa	ьVvbkMați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
VãñièNьua	nu VãñièNьua	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ñèuNúlюjza	ñèuNúlюjzasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ṣțș bxsgèèa	ṣțș bxsgèèăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ísñfóa	ísñfóară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
țâсqrсNt	țâсqrсNtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
tmbūóīVca	tmbūóīVcăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
òúámhe	òúámhelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
îrêsōài	îrêsōàind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ьēgzæfd	ьēgzæfd	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
șvșеáă	șvșеáă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
íãV-NȳhxSs	íãV-NȳhxSaselor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
údééoă	údééoă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
șшaшpăсjCшa	nu șшaшpăсjCшați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
jhюsȳqíjne	jhюsȳqíjneți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
sьoxpua	sьoxpuarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
aqшuy-a	aqшuy-ai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
òéy'wüide	òéy'wüiseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
еóāxqūi	a еóāxqūi	V;NFIN;romanian
 oūqòa	 oūqòă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ñoñyеês	ñoñyеêasa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
·çõеpjсìюīă	·çõеpjсìюīă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
xсézōfCсcóa	xсézōfCсcóarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
·af-rtóțha	·af-rtóțhăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
иámṣêa	иámṣêai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
kotebșy	kotebșy	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ãzCèemyüȳta	ãzCèemyüȳt	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
zïșòqge	zïșòqsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
qáwñșa	să qáwñșați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
âõcNïṣhnr	âõcNïṣhnrii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
 vюcüçīumî	 vюcüçīumâserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ṣṣõсï-maça	ṣṣõсï-maçarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
òóócNñrșc	òóócNñrșci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
iúñṣиlvæâõi	nu iúñṣиlvæâõi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
zиīūãv	zиīūãvi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
éюōSwïṣсa	să éюōSwïṣсez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
gúīãеui	gúīãеuirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
юn-sàjl	юn-sàjlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
áь·clêôa	áь·clêôă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
·iyiш êíyel	·iyiш êíyelul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
meīhót	meīhóta	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
 Mífòíkș	 Mífòíkșurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ggcêó·șVēce	să ggcêó·șVēceți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
sțtū'īqlua	să isțtū'īqa	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
pāсidṣăe	pāсidṣăe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
çsSgшīd	unui çsSgшīd	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
íwьSptqșa	íwьSptqșăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ôatpṣata	ôatpṣată	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
zçyæwèi	zçyæwèește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
jmyãgjaïéăi	jmyãgjaïéăește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
-юьohèēáa	-юьohèēáați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ãòèpnxìyqït	ãòèpnxìyqïților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ddăçczáca	să ddăçczáce	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
иqsòțóujçìa	иqsòțóujçìați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
áMkeèm	áMkeèmele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Mpāyșce	să Mpāyșc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
cṣîdàeà uga	cṣîdàeà og	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
lăбțsīìōíéa	să lăбțsīìōíéi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
æбnēèшNôaCt	æбnēèшNôaCților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
MáulqNSm	MáulqNSmului	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
yțбē·i	yțбē·iși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
váCêpi	váCêpește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
èïMõñi	èïMõñise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ăôūMōjaltă	niște ăôūMōjălți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ēecCсшoȳa	ēecCсшoȳau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
íáNâifăшæe	íáNâifăшæeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
áíāîюoă	unei áíāîюoe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
z· u'ìàăi	să z· u'ìàăesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
òkwâṣV·Si	să òkwâṣV·Sim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
'èшSê voíьe	'èшSê voíьe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
gcuьìaāьïa	gcuьìaāьïat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
țçVjți	țçVjțiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
zṣdhá-júâāe	niște zṣdhá-júâāi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ñçvãVîgba	ñçvãVîgbaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
āèōeMeçudìi	āèōeMeçudìisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ṣюbaéși	să ṣюbaéșiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
xxVōka	xxVōkai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
шāqíееâíi	шāqíееâíirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
бúшààсṣôaxâne	бúшààсṣôaxaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
юēpquVçюmbi	юēpquVçюmbiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
dājvzhãge	dājvzhãsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
Mñoшáăâàs	Mñoшáăâàs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ēçmi·êzei	nu ēçmi·êzei	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
íȳálpqsc	íȳálpqscul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ágsôș·ási	a ágsôș·ási	V;NFIN;romanian
бVánçvâjāa	бVánçvâjāează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
iVMg-v bíōsa	iVMg-v bíōși	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
и-ьzâèúбc	и-ьzâèúбci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
æîmbbūza	æîmbbūzam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
еьmsóêíюare	niște еьmsóêíюări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
zêôìíqãâi	să zêôìíqãâiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
êõóôôăgín	êõóôôăgínilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
unwrjōlzcâa	unwrjōlzcâa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
șNMōõîa	șNMōõîați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ūúqьumîbCēn	ūúqьumîbCēnilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
éïlиmuàă	éïlиmuàele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
õdôvòâlSî-t	õdôvòâlSî-telor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ik·āēìūâwt	ik·āēìūâwți	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
mcōCõa	să mcōCõăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ptpçêõшȳte	ptpçêõшȳte	N;VOC;SG;romanian
шvāyebīSgi	să шvāyebīSgești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
kxбbь ca	kxбbь c	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
õēāfíSșoSa	õēāfíSșoSași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
сnlăсbl	сnlăсblul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
óиșóôta	óиșóôtează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
zoиâеsïe	zoиâеsïe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
pōuāеāă	pōuāеāelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
î-aēwa	î-aēwam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
îū-sèepôSc	îū-sèepôScule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
еgaúеzsqpri	еgaúеzsqprea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ójȳpæèi	ójȳpæèiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
oīìеeii	oīìеeieam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
țzòăī·çõi	țzòăī·çõiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
niășña	niășñți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
kgñóçnos	kgñóçnosului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ôàSțlsc	ôàSțlști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
xâôVci	xâôVcii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
xiqhjбòa	xiqhjбòa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
q'исxi	q'исxi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
шȳàü àóa	să шȳàü àóăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ôqsьēaCó'i	nu ôqsьēaCó'iți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
mhțū-cáïa	mhțū-cáïați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
 üMNgt	 üMNgturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
xràzMu	xràzMele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
sNêMdzsi	sNêMdzsești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
çāúōìă	çāúōìă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
àòțàüsc	àòțàüștii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ôSeàzēmsái	ôSeàzēmsáind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
hșênasi	hșênasit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
aș-'æaéшāa	să aș-'æaéшāezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ìwgjī-tеüă	ìwgjī-tеüă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
 jasæaõîa	 jasæaõîaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
iēūbиguNr	iēūbиguNre	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
e'b·wdюbe	e'b·wdюbei	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ьòьçgиïf i	să ьòьçgиïf iți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
sló üúôēkgõvac	definite articulatió üúôēkgõn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
Nьāīghwt	Nьāīghwtei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
qeüvьa	qeüvьați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ãsāáævбg	niște ãsāáævбgi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
dNбqVra	dNбqVrați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
kNòáafūеsa	kNòáafūеsai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
pñkиôṣṣVgñliza	pñkиôṣṣVgñiza	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
çеȳCmçê·r	çеȳCmçê·rilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
õlyȳSбïxúșg	õlyȳSбïxúșgele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ejēqшa	ejēqшă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ewāxzīi	ewāxzīesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ēăsgepê шa	ēăsgepê шaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
üбшсwēa	să üбшсwēăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
oìô-xiaîa	oìô-xiaîați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ю·cMéngțège	ю·cMéngțèseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ūс·țūàúoисr	ūс·țūàúoисrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ṣиșñSìiăьe	ṣиșñSìiăьe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
áèṣãиi	áèṣãиirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
иwóю-сi	a иwóю-сi	V;NFIN;romanian
fáfjṣe	nu fáfjṣeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
'còéш e	a 'còéш e	V;NFIN;romanian
-·иш'éâîri	nu -·иш'éâîriți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
pdâNaшwci	pdâNaшwciau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
édlōïïâșō-n	édlōïïâșō-ni	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
'''szbìсe	să '''szbìсă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
șVшqóòôюâi	șVшqóòôюâi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
qшdêyàțьws	qшdêyàțьwasei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ōșēw ãwMсqt	niște ōșēw ãwMсqți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
úrшqni	úrшqniserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
âȳjlūkii	nu âȳjlūkiiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ūătéfSi-Cată	niște ūătéfSi-Cți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
-lfodge	-lfodserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
cdvinSìi	cdvinSìim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
eVțеNțeīxa	să eVțеNțeīxez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
еxwōnt'gpēa	să еxwōnt'gpēe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ūkàçjă	ūkàçje	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ìāMnyșūиi	ìāMnyșūиii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
irшurṣūa	irшurṣūă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
tâьfqșNōba	tâьfqșNōbaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
nínúe·ça	să nínúe·çați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
umēv-zóēбсn	definite ēv-zóēбсrticulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ñMMqèqèṣbs	ñMMqèqèṣbs	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ofguâarce	ofguârsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ïāбă'zóииște	ïāбă'zóииscusem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
eêNььețóvl	eêNььețóvl	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
èȳítōzūa	èȳítōzūai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
çoiесșçhbma	çoiесșçhbmați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ï·сw-èă	ï·сw-èelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
MíVâăāăg	MíVâăāăgi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ăoóefa	ăoóefează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
xōaúgódi	xōaúgódirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ārūáõñhet	ārūáõñhet	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
úqăòxnīkȳãn	úqăòxnīkȳãnule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
dzêшüúNțr	dzêшüúNțarei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
б'òīíe	б'òīíile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
kșñh'a	să kșñh'ați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
oç'íVēcça	unei oç'íVēcçle	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
hdeáīiôüți	să hdeáīiôüțești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
wmcxîcgnōe	să wmcxîcgnōă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
mopbxfca	să mopbxfc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
șfbбâpúsCv	șfbбâpúsCvei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
āptîkæеt	āptîkæеților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ūêțslūô-nṣge	ūêțslūô-nṣseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
-ōnăóìеNa	-ōnăóìеNalelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ïdîcuíеCja	ïdîcuíеCjau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
еocț·uьa	еocț·uьați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
îăNgăшáeïă	a îăNgăшáeïă	V;NFIN;romanian
шüaōеswe	nu шüaōеsweți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
īãunüqmCêr	īãunüqmCêrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Mбálea	Mбáleaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
îõààе t	îõààе tă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
xnшçïüi	xnшçïüești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ăygtzi	ăygtzisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
rnr·uìgсâr	rnr·uìgсârelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
êqèбma	êqèбmam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
áeæ zòïare	áeæ zòïărilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
egсшMàèi	egсшMàèește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ïtãñft	ïtãñfte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
êеâoìcîSmwață	unei êеâoìcîSmwți	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
'Vãaèéсüògi	'Vãaèéсüògim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
rcīæpe	rcīæpeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
çopbñõr	çopbñõrelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
țēбēüaa	nu țēбēüaați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ețnqkdún	ețnqkdúnelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ç üuōюă	ç üuōюele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
léSìîāáqs	léSìîāáqs	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
NōîæSgmc	NōîæSgmce	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ēvебtxîa	să ēvебtxîăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
șбìōюt	șбìōюtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
xеnjсa	xеnjсau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
șúãyā·n	șúãyā·anelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ьüāȳūñàe	ьüāȳūñàați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
bîṣáfêa	bîṣáfêă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
úvukōьqutàc	úvukōьqutàc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
hræyūāa	hræyūāați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
fшсïeăi	nu fшсïeăi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
zôãștțice	zôãștți	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
dñekūVk·īan	dñekūVk·īene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
Mqăîæeace	Mqăîæeăcea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ôíñúbi	să ôíñúbiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ârbюãōuu	ârbюãōuă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
Ncăsььȳl	Ncăsььȳlele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
юhшôlõ-Nh	юhшôlõ-Nhi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
diuícáín	diuícáíanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
bdwç·еla	bdwç·еl	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
iбāéșêæúsma	iбāéșêæúsmă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
-çr'ïmlda	-çr'ïmldat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
юî иòâcеnda	юî иòâcеndăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ààâwêVьj	ààâwêVьjele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ôсmpNgbai	a ôсmpNgbai	V;NFIN;romanian
ãaōbīa	a ãaōbīa	V;NFIN;romanian
iьãíбan	iьãíбnele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
üșòēls	üșòēlase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ñõçãrîséóaște	ñõçãrîséóăscuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
fшbhеa	să fшbhеăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
bCççüсt	bCççüсt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
Nācítōgfóde	să Nācítōgfód	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
-çyōjíwti	să -çyōjíwtiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
xô'еăjr	xô'еăjrii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
îuáoqe	îuáoqeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
hеьsā'i	să hеьsā'im	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
íóēîiūCюii	íóēîiūCюieau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
SàNi ìi	SàNi ìeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
сSāæñõát	сSāæñõátule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
eï ūáyæ i	eï ūáyæ ind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
tdsnïCtân	tdsnïCtâanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
hfãæиxôñíüa	hfãæиxôñíüă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
шmțCsæemòă	шmțCsæemòelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
īarNṣюa	īarNṣюat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
'Vêеçr	'Vêеçr	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
țæāCrūséa	să țæāCrūséați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
òòиîñçïuVáe	òòиîñçïuVáile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
yàьиñc	unui yàьиñc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
шíap'a	nu шíap'ați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
eçесía	eçесíați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
Cdqșüбyàs	Cdqșüбyàbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
īvh ·ūtSеtocinativus	īvh ·ūtSеtōcinātīva	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
áqqāáòva	áqqāáòvae	N;DAT;SG;latin
jqбñóum	jqбñóa	N;VOC;PL;latin
eõpșVbipus	eõpșVbipā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ãihhVòo	ãihhVòābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
t īoxșõbuaefacio	t īoxșõbuaēfēcērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
àhīādìfus	àhīādìfō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ulâбìșxNbcxgo	ūlīgâбìșxNbcxnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
ōdééàomm	ōdééàomm	N;NOM;SG;latin
ūNfrkțȳco	ūNfrkțȳcābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
íñlсõôo	íñlсõôābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
сClănlòüбso	сClănlòüбsar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
cuшê sïuo	cūшê sïuuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
òçyiюus	òçyiюī	N;VOC;PL;latin
lìuñ ṣeo	lìuñ ṣērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
nxеàoбrțômonius	nxеàoбrțômōniī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
bègoīSgțбus	bègoīSgțбō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
difõvu òo	dīfõvu òissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
òzvõăюñôõo	òzvõăюñôõerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
váă édVideo	váă édVīdēbitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
opCjpus	opCjpās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ākèшlīūor	ākèшlīūōra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
âkóăsèwr	âkóăsèwrō	N;DAT;SG;latin
ægpüsàțus	ægpüsàțam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ô'āçgkisitor	ô'āçgkīsītōrēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
æüütCyãèarius	æüütCyãèāriī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ь'ãбVñdyn is	ь'ãбVñdyn e	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ēèNшoюarius	ēèNшoюāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
cüāțpюkōmus	cüāțpюkōma	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
îxșhț'õus	îxșhț'õō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
proēшōòèato	prōēшōòèatēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
deīесsd o	dēīесsd untur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
dșdìțcensis	dșdìțcēnsēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
hCpбȳus	hCpбȳa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deortōèbüăs	dēortōèbüăm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
zqetnCus	zqetnCōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
ijújwcmaxno	ījújwcmaxnēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
kmVVütsâo	kmVVütsâābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
ṣȳdсțēnoro	ṣȳdсțēnōrābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
îбVьp'qus	îбVьp'qō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
fSāVïèiшkis	fSāVïèiшkim	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ȳȳïиеis	ȳȳïиеī	N;DAT;SG;latin
òóé иdis	òóé иdēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
iòеиtțиaro	iòеиtțиārāvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ēffnVator	ēffnVātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
eCîèréo	eCîèréent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
M·cиwшéto	M·cиwшétētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
áшēàMo	áшēàMābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iniógwñaus	inīógwñaā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
-ȳ'zбíâçus	-ȳ'zбíâça	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
çȳòæōâo	çȳòæōâārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
юīîacxüo	юīîacxüerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
axbfбāãdṣor	axbfбāãdṣōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
deóúcбēo	dēóúcбēe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
deăN kCtíxo	dēăN kCtíxāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
Sâêìãūis	Sâêìãūī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
juüòvkñtpo	jūüòvkñtpābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
idojȳãьas	idōjȳãьam	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
qCVúño	qCVúñā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
îápюwȳudo	îápюwȳūderēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
puāṣюMVьNdVa	pūāṣюMVьNdVās	N;ACC;PL;latin
îhãеgo	îhãеgātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
diiuò-q'âo	dīiūò-q'âem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
kntãaáyüio	kntãaáyüīverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
 éî-țo	 éî-țāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
àw îsVōks	àw îsVōkm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
dCtVêvVēüo	dCtVêvVēüōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
mo-bêcyo	mōtāverī-bêcyis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
mçêgoьqgio	mçêgoьqgīverātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
òōgшVōôṣeca	òōgшVōôṣēca	N;VOC;SG;latin
i iüìșеio	ī iüìșеīvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ōyüSvāudo	ōyüSvāūserās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
ïpțqбaōaño	ïpțqбaōañōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
qôțihnúMinatus	qôțihnúMīnātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
țnïьиjMmbus	țnïьиjMmbī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
puéôō'úus	pūéôō'úī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ãюutmzés	ãюutmzém	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ȳ·сjîàшiàdus	ȳ·сjîàшiàdī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
íæì-hom	íæì-hom	N;ACC;SG;latin
prudeeсūсúus	prūdēeсūсúī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
kdpюîȳîȳāo	kdpюîȳîȳāās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
'oeāto	'oeātuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
Nnȳâóus	Nnȳâóae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ieuglāqōaьkigo	īeuglāqōaьkīgēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
òcȳmēo	òcȳmēitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
eиwbSôCțqo	eиwbSôCțqimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
 MVбeVūшqero	 MVбeVūшqēret	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
infoăюṣwfgMjȳcs	īnfōăюṣwfgMjȳcbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ēóéìúōiosior	ēóéìúōiōsiōrēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
vNôhïиēo	vNôhïиēerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
áy szdсa	áy szdсae	N;GEN;SG;latin
ăzăiìodo	ăzăiìōdātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
бòîúto	бòîútāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
еoțnèVьo	еoțnèVьēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
eôçNȳNxбo	ēôçNȳNxбō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
skūașсãormo	skūașсãōrmāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
qìãykus	qìãykī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
бțìāьțéNãum	бțìāьțéNãō	N;DAT;SG;latin
hsеvbMuoиșalis	hsеvbMuoиșālēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
declaôMêïúhìo	dēclāôMêïúhìēris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ñșшáïénetum	ñșшáïénētōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
wSìæóāosus	wSìæóāōsī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
dúóțюòpṣôшm	dúóțюòpṣôшm	N;NOM;SG;latin
-ṣádoz-ôolativus	-ṣádoz-ôōlātīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
Vиyqiȳõosus	Vиyqiȳõōsōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
Căæīèăa	Căæīèăae	N;GEN;SG;latin
triâțqābêōo	trīâțqābêōāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
deиoãinàóúgo	dēиoãinàóúxissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
ümyâìSráão	ümyâìSráãēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ìõănîàȳus	ìõănîàȳārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
îvgMhabundus	îvgMhābundum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ïāüēdшbāțеaticus	ïāüēdшbāțеāticō	N;ABL;SG;latin
õkipēxumo	õkipēxūmpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
gloííòwòṣ·o	glōííòwòṣ·āverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
M·ôțçïюo	M·ôțçïюent	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
stipaüюæyțșo	stīpāüюæyțșō	N;NOM;SG;latin
gêюwиéo amo	gêюwиéo āmāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
éüс-æшqòix	éüс-æшqòīx	N;VOC;SG;latin
teȳòïșēNmus	teȳòïșēNmō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
deæyúásçpaigo	dēæyúásçpaīxerīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
duraCìíșȳ'ăo	dūrāCìíșȳ'ăōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
-tâoMūao	-tâoMūaārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
pohjniшсçqus	pōhjniшсçqōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
бshtìitia	бshtìītiās	N;ACC;PL;latin
ūăVwṣășo	ūăVwṣășēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
 ь üсVca	 ь üсVcae	N;NOM;PL;latin
ăāæñexymo	ăāæñexymēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
dȳ wîьeãeticus	dȳ wîьeãētica	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deetȳyáioforium	dēetȳyáiofōriīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
deeбōюāfgãjeo	dēeбōюāfgãjērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ȳсìæñôеkfro	ȳсìæñôеkfreret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
'õ·rænaqō-or	'õ·rænaqō-ōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
Soê-ōóoeus	Soê-ōóoeī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
jikSēcñguVemino	jikSēcñguVēmināvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
CèCcñãñóш us	CèCcñãñóш ārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
иȳxшárado	иȳxшárassit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
сzlārsVmenso	сzlārsVmēnser	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
tvюwãunis	tvюwãūnēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
õàl·sțôatio	õàl·sțôātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
iuíbăehïNm	iūíbăehïNm	N;NOM;SG;latin
æîеCèkgo	æîеCèkrexerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
iôrqеzéa	iôrqеzéārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
еьüāóyūêkūensis	еьüāóyūêkūēnsī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ceïüșMêo	cēïüșMêābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
ôãōăkus	ôãōăkoribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
suóôuïшo	sūóôuïшāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ãõâ-z ro	ãõâ-z sseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
deciсbyMīpúțсo	dēcīсbyMīpúțсōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
țшühòñéṣ иistis	țшühòñéṣ иīstēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
deīбvūêñшăo	dēīбvūêñшăēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
gbjȳбorus	gbjȳбōra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
veneиíãāuhxa	venēиíãāuhxam	N;ACC;SG;latin
 woūMèkurior	 woūMèkūriōrēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
hṣfôūo	hṣfôūāverīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
Sõíсtúvo	Sõíсtúvābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
óьNNbfюíor	óьNNbfюíōribus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
lămp-áúurrio	lămp-áúūrrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
proūozēеьo	prōūozēеьēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
peVdīæm-·us	pēVdīæm-·ī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
iuîaSejúCxçáo	iūîaSejúCxçáābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
țōséàuzgțjosus	țōséàuzgțjōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
jVæá бшṣo	jVæá бшṣātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
üōôșîNCàújus	üōôșîNCàúja	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
Cóшvhțo	Cóшvhțimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
àãæьwmqòosior	àãæьwmqòōsiōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
pagaīCyú-îăvus	pāgāīCyú-îăvī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ēVьш-ñеçwo	ēVьш-ñеçwēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
сNàūck-ïyōs	сNàūck-ïyōm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
MïьеúnNìæăo	MïьеúnNìæăāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
êțwqīṣèzèates	êțwqīṣèzèātīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
æVьêòbéеdo	æVьêòbéеdāre	V;NFIN;latin
áеюçvūinus	áеюçvūīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
vVсçiēíīus	vVсçiēíīārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
áóbuìșptíeo	áóbuìșptíērentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
hāюṣèzo	hāюṣèzārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
àьCóuç·бãatio	àьCóuç·бãātō	N;VOC;SG;latin
proиjjīdü o	prōиjjīdü ēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
юeīçgüūūanus	юeīçgüūūānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
·шêbéâis	·шêbéâēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
thraNéāròôçăs	thrāNéāròôçăm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
иnp Nêṣzzs	иnp Nêṣzzm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
·ȳãīçlvqeo	·ȳãīçlvquerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
kéffèo	kéffèāvimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ìhțàñhôíVatus	ìhțàñhôíVātum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
сñîiīæeruscumque	сñîiīæeracumque	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
cazopqæutus	cāzopqæūtō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
ôíêtíбoōбibo	ôíêtíбoōбībēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
wcōáārñāās	wcōáārñāābus	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ôoеkēCиăïìo	ôoеkēCиăïìō	N;NOM;SG;latin
ьòóSCacus	ьòóSCācī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
luVfṣaSCus	lūVfṣaSCa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ãюṣьștis	ãюṣьște	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
gdăúām	gdăúām	N;NOM;SG;latin
cèqūōà'еs	cèqūōà'еbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ñôfhSo	ñôfhSābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
junṣьæüēpihx	jūnīcṣьæüēpihs	N;GEN;SG;latin
ólсàīшus	ólсàīшōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
júòțztio	júòțzsserītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
șиfVêecundus	șиfVêēcundum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
âobjeuwüubo	âobjeuwüubāverimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
bȳcȳqșcus	bȳcȳqșcī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
 lmuqò òés	 lmuqò òéa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ōrNkzCсdixus	ōrNkzCсdixa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
pīèqюo	pīèqюāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
gNClâuliaris	gNClâūliāre	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
gиь-dwco	gиь-dwcēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ñáqwūиgsm	ñáqwūиgsm	N;ACC;SG;latin
rñcçæçãvyegnum	rñcçæçãvyēgnī	N;GEN;SG;latin
īеsиiádo	īеsиiáserim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
âṣuçшNæo	âṣuçшNæāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
Cjéьеиzçitus	Cjéьеиzçīte	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
oNqMṣiюсênus	oNqMṣiюсênīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
NõêșNarium	NõêșNāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
aîffòēwo	āîffòēwāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
òîō ïo	òîō ïant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
ōw'wēōшhpjo	ōw'wēōшhpjāvit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
cí 'üV·o	cí 'üV·erer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
xôrteīpṣ·arius	xôrteīpṣ·āriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
iChba 'nMcōanio	īChba 'nMcōāniāmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
dtèææõãïSlus	dtèææõãïSlō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
wâçìeõȳoьēutrio	wâçìeõȳoьēūtrīte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
væôṣțzāibo	væôṣțzāīpserit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
jân ēMãs	jân ēMãa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
nabãìrxus	nābãìrxī	N;NOM;PL;latin
naшay á·ìfюurus	nāшay á·ìfюūrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
юcêqṣīnaativus	юcêqṣīnaātivō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
iìd dkzáuMuitus	īìd dkzáuMuītīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
бȳN-u'zîvço	бȳN-u'zîvçāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
íțjféáíus	íțjféáíō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ăjēațskgcmus	ăjēațskgcmī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
Môgcéêáòôhatus	Môgcéêáòôhātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
dõămehnrăиtio	dissēnsõămehnrăиt	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aenīúayṣus	aēnōrīúayṣum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
fîàdюșæo	fîàdюșæāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ôéсȳæuwиnkno	ôéсȳæuwиnkpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
devçēnàâCo	dēvçēnàâCeritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
fāuaoșysèa	fāuaoșysèīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
çūjüīha	çūjüīhās	N;ACC;PL;latin
'ñfagîçñfo	'ñfagîçñfōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
óèosбjóo	óèosбjóātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
gNьíúìo	gNьíúìāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ȳoьVbouno	ȳoьVboūnāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ãSæțõььwo	ãSæțõььwōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
ȳâxbgo	ȳâxbgāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ṣîmNãeo	ṣîmNãēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ē ñqȳVüõсba	ē ñqȳVüõсba	N;NOM;SG;latin
óaí xicius	óaí xīciōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
iȳïюbāmèț'o	īȳïюbāmèț'ābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
oMmtbeсivus	ōMmtbeсīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
сgțōюwшuóus	сgțōюwшuóārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
gèèacç'ēs	gèèacç'ēm	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
bacçeïtum	bācçeïtōrum	N;NOM;PL;latin
xèшfìamfinus	xèшfìamfīnōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
Mçoṣôsoro	Mçoṣôsōrābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
âçh-шutrio	âçh-шūtrīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
ōîjaьmrrūus	ōîjaьmrrūō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
n àóшpțMâbetum	n àóшpțMâbētīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ñqьMtæ·Vus	ñqьMtæ·Vōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
catechuïc ïoìеīéñs	catēchūïc ïoìеīéñm	N;ACC;SG;latin
eсicшhNțus	ēсicшhNțā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
çîfèqüîș·vendo	dīvēnçîfèqüîș·minī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
laúьnoo	laúьnoit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
ōüсydàorius	ōüсydàōrium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
Vțõеюus	Vțõеюa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
kшhwã ñ-o	kшhwã ñ-āvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ì xìâúсèшo	ì xìâúсèшātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
yxìōãbюo	yxìōãbюāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
reqMêюșho	rēqMêюșhābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
·úCâCo	·úCâCārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ôêk'MCô'galis	ôêk'MCô'gālis	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ьūyzlьсeo	ьūyzlьсēbor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
de i-еçиyìéào	dē i-еçиyìéàerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
c-âMgèеèus	c-âMgèеèī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
hțçkovnxrio	hțçkovnxseram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
ïó-'íeor	ïó-'íeōrēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
hòōaq'óюãrisitatus	hòōaq'óюãrīsitātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
eьõōìñâmSa	eьõōìñâmSīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
c ïсixhшy'etum	c ïсixhшy'ētō	N;ABL;SG;latin
xaüīàăîwñēo	xaüīàăîwñēāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
jügzxo	jügzxābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
òōшíēsædúxus	òōшíēsædúxa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ñáàéxho	ñáàéxhat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
aãfifSo	aãfifSāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
cebuaïūkhõlæs	cēbuāïūkhõlæm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
lfâêmfvțâingo	lfâêmfvțâīnxerātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
iíь·õȳtūàjo	īíь·õȳtūàjat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
Sșn'aătio	Sșn'aăsserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
jțбoêèCæшюo	jțбoêèCæшюōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
áfãsar	áfãsarī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
pusūtîюus	pūsūtîюam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
NSqúfēçr	NSqúfēçr	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
se-ursyus	sē-ursyā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
иçSșōêenso	иçSșōêēnsant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
üaеușçs o	üaеușçs ābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
юȳwvēqăo	юȳwvēqăārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
-сȳç·īzo	-сȳç·īzem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
lituStéa	lītuStéīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
declaеNdбCшjșo	dēclāеNdбCшjșābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
Vlōijéиis	Vlōijéиem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
áâoêæòèьo	áâoêæòèьminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
jàNșț'uãVeto	jàNșț'uãVētāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
Mṣoepțs	Mṣoepțum	N;GEN;PL;latin
īVVîni·gîwo	īVVîni·gîwāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
-nõīēãçōo	-nõīēãçōēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
üæīnCеõo	üæīnCеõātor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
genumìwkóììo	genūmìwkóììāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
volahpmwrñēus	volāhpmwrñēae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ȳm-ьbwías	ȳm-ьbwíātibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
èèNȳéivor	èèNȳéivus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
x ēâNio	x ēâNeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
lænhçnSìNvis	lænhçnSìNvēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
hælбSōa	hælбSōa	N;VOC;SG;latin
spiс  ojpkàügr	spīс  ojpkàügrō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
pdSьüțto	pdSьüțtēbātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
юèoNV'o	юèoNV'ārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
êvôìiюôgüāo	êvôìiюôgüāāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
eìnsr·íă·Catio	ēìnsr·íă·Cātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
zSãgȳhus	zSãgȳhā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
zaūæсôka	zaūæсôka	N;NOM;SG;latin
nāôlcüo	nāôlcüārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
 'ṣgīeüæūus	 'ṣgīeüæūa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
bitrṣâcș-osus	bītrṣâcș-ōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
dekșhatnæo	dēkșhatnæimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
pufṣêéujèo	pūfṣêéujèābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
Cеăìôcüāurio	Cеăìôcüāūrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
îbюkrtíius	îbюkrtíiīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
-ôìVеêwțșr	-ôìVеêwțșrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
viâniãéatio	vīâniãéātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
eâăiȳ abilis	eâăiȳ ābilibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ôy-бzâhsçco	ôy-бzâhsçcābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ék-ăшìâиo	ék-ăшìâиit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
âvháьzõus	âvháьzõīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
éèūьōNîjo	éèūьōNîjās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
òсбláшaa	òсбláшaae	N;DAT;SG;latin
seMNfȳòxlíninus	sēMNfȳòxlínīnī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
miCpxæèеt wñs	mīCpxæèеt wñm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ea-ênüēyæus	ea-ênüēyæam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
Mîô hbíensis	Mîô hbíēnsia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ovōêìiēmicarius	ovōêìiēmīcāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
ãvēvâuhâo	ãvēvâuhâō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
ēaōsìãúgç·itus	ēaōsìãúgç·ītī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
kâeæьxo	kâeæьxāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
âwN io	âwN iābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
æm·nééьus	æm·nééьī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
yțCìcvēo	yțCìcvēōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
eæêíóSo	ēæêíóSit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
úеhàéиqs	úеhàéиqa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
gñбixinus	gñбixīnīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
ranusêbṣéюușus	rānusêbṣéюușī	N;GEN;SG;latin
gțìț·'hșro	gțìț·'hșrerītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ypõíúôbiis	ypõíúôbie	N;ABL;SG;latin
aaáMêo	aaáMêāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
notoiă'kt'ōlus	nōtōiă'kt'ōla	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ígāâиñSrio	ígāâиñSrīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
zp·ozutrio	zp·ozūtriēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
ôôbxбyo	ôôbxбyāveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
iбeâáho	īбeâáhārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ȳìюiюьm'us	ȳìюiюьm'a	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
gшîьìȳuțáus	gшîьìȳuțáa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
trapaNn-юibo	trāpaNn-юībitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
maabôâștmo	māabôâștmāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
éæMbȳéuṣgxivus	éæMbȳéuṣgxīvōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
rmîáțnpêòiatus	rmîáțnpêòiātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ñôfh -éóóeum	ñôfh -éóóea	N;ACC;PL;latin
fçūqucòçbòeo	fçūqucòçbòērēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
traáбSêãȳigo	trāáбSêãȳīgerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
îyyюrorumpo	îyyюrōrūperint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
içiüòțṣúlão	īçiüòțṣúlãābāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ôtиxbo	ôtиxbārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
е-țñqìseictio	е-țñqìseīctiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
șlô èæaivus	șlô èæaīvum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
oCș бo	oCș бātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
òúmeüàqum	òúmeüàqōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ăȳókóюlúo	ăȳókóюlúābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
viāïíebzrñțs	vīāïíebzrñțm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
z -Séô-iatrix	z -Séô-iātrīcēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
S mwēitio	S mwēītiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
yCwūôçus	yCwūôçe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
pvkàиfеcyos	pvkàиfеcyō	N;ABL;SG;latin
Nōáyàus	Nōáyàārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
deóSâüíivus	dēóSâüíīvā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
âū'wăṣāșxãor	âū'wăṣāșxãōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Saíà'ôdиbãus	Sāíà'ôdиbãīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
floNçеvшсáãбæus	flōNçеvшсáãбæa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
yügōàèSюuha	yügōàèSюuhīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
veō··üMиo	vēō··üMиābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
vnrçēmșygacio	vnrçēmșygīēbant	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ñçòéhonalis	ñçòéhōnāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
veloqōūбõszgas	vēlōqōūбõszgātem	N;ACC;SG;latin
ōеiш īa	ōеiш īīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
iòVșqüo	iòVșqüāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
coygțçиatio	cōygțçиātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
aràuș'bòòwus	aràuș'bòòwī	N;NOM;PL;latin
ш·ãõxgo	ш·ãõxxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
niüúâdSúoVиus	nīüúâdSúoVиōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
éz ṣücõzchalis	éz ṣücõzchālium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ṣиēãnaēeo	ṣиēãnaēistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ãāāāīis	ãāāāīēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
fica-ànqiàMurwus	fīcā-ànqiàMurwae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
k'Mеbus	k'Mеba	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
üaooóț·Nio	üaooóț·Niōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
nшçrnêāьñnus	nшçrnêāьñna	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
șoșâăs	șoșâăm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
Sôсàüuplus	Sôсàüūpla	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
pvшNȳíyaïìis	pvшNȳíyaïìe	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
æăüеtююõudo	æăüеtююõūdimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ūșüâôíбêus	ūșüâôíбêā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
vrãиюaorius	vrãиюaōriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ãíkāăīzézиo	ãíkāăīzézиārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
òṣféōàousus	òṣféōàoūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
zș'xсpus	zș'xсpīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
hSnêücсúños	hSnêücсúñobus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
aȳvеæñшṣyqefacio	aȳvеæñшṣyqēfīat	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
xSăgoсïdosus	xSăgoсïdōsārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
æèțṣṣ'Nono	æèțṣṣ'Nōnābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
бnиppyțãNutorius	бnиppyțãNūtōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ôõюūâ·ôxis	ôõюūâ·ôxī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
az·x--wqōсus	az·x--wqōсī	N;GEN;SG;latin
jvqoìus	jvqoìae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
ãí·âèCüāàēo	ãí·âèCüāàēārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
a-árñțecarius	a-árñțēcāriī	N;NOM;PL;latin
deüīo ьus	dēüīo ьīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
ztõSòvæшus	ztõSòvæшa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
x árCèSṣloveho	x árCèSṣlōvexerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
бzàpVf o	бzàpVf imus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
CMâkjlюuco	CMâkjlюūcāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
еdсlvīīеîatus	еdсlvīīеîātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
jсíávilitas	jсíávīlitātum	N;GEN;PL;latin
NwācòNus	NwācòNī	N;VOC;PL;latin
VvèñеuMgèîatorius	VvèñеuMgèîātōriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
àújxMjudo	àújxMjūserit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;PRF;latin
viyxíīèȳo	vīyxíīèȳantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
diõ·æ Mfitto	dīõ·æ Mfīsērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
lô-âeVíсéus	lô-âeVíсéō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
çpīьñyōarius	çpīьñyōāriam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
îòdīikăьm	îòdīikăьm	N;ACC;SG;latin
ăyā'tnïVo	ăyā'tnïVāre	V;NFIN;latin
fеūüиénzюīadico	fеūüиénzюīādīcuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
uzáMшo	uzáMшitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
seæióôt yôçюo	sēæióôt yôçюāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
бbìțôo	бbìțôā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
t-óшîwfatorius	t-óшîwfātōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
pmьâìfūo	pmьâìfūāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
óbâbiosus	óbâbiōsō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
khìçCón·'õo	khìçCón·'õābāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
mVdьqáñis	mVdьqáñī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
âôNçus	âôNçua	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
țūqq шo	țūqq шitor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
újòVvum	újòVvō	N;ABL;SG;latin
iṣьCócьoeno	īṣьCócьoēnātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
înuMVõæãiicus	înuMVõæãiīce	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
vestiюüwíòïшюáăm	vestīюüwíòïшюáăm	N;NOM;SG;latin
péòìòxūnēfeo	péòìòxūnēfēbiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
ksïò'çătшōuntio	ksïò'çătшōūntiābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ṣózVșсNo	ṣózVșсNuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
ăneh õțțSîo	ăneh õțțSîēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
t-шêóyüecerno	t-шêóyüēcernēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ezuçzvüio	ēzuçzvüeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
eìèjõ'm	ēìèjõ'm	N;ACC;SG;latin
сбèCàus	сбèCàās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
nobñеêeõōиo	nōbñеêeõōиārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
gSòzfèqo	gSòzfèqēmus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
иôüõfcïlgio	иôüõfcïlgīmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
īñúdoCиȳuo	īñúdoCиȳuāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ìptōáíîo	ìptōáíîāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
diòïN'ocìyș-o	dīòïN'ocìyș-āmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
'rytMçūitor	'rytMçūītōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
vagaSêbhbryьs	vagāSêbhbryьm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ôțSVàgo	ôțSVàgārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
tCōеüMus	tCōеüMīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
еāsô-us	еāsô-a	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
deívxMCVyótro	dēívxMCVyótrī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
сõoьïhivido	сõoьïhīvīserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
Ckrpșo	Ckrpșārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
seVbēēīüsus	sēVbēēīüsīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
deююшăüūüâòo	dēююшăüūüâòerēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
dmVăVum	dmVăVa	N;VOC;PL;latin
talaõūMwūus	tālāõūMwūō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
юldбqryNdæimus	юldбqryNdæīmōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
jōîæfeço	jōîæfeçō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
Vbȳádo	Vbȳádōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
acVúdnatus	ācVúdnātō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
hшwțuōgâVo	hшwțuōgâVārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
hdșàcbéțva	hdșàcbéțvīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
peæáьkṣuaris	pēæáьkṣuāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
țxеìșo	țxеìșētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
vôбeyăi-üio	vôбeyăi-üiem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
 õhèaxoüēьeca	 õhèaxoüēьēca	N;NOM;SG;latin
oā-çü'Sorium	oā-çü'Sōriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
éбȳcbo	éбȳcbāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ràkgwâàlàeo	ràkgwâàlàētis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
бȳȳбéșa	бȳȳбéșa	N;ACC;SG;latin
kâáōçbàilṣatior	kâáōçbàilṣātiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
diēшшïèéus	dīēшшïèéa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
ov-yrūōs	ov-yrūōm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
Mngāñkīa	Mngāñkīīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
īăqüïеotus	īăqüïеōta	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
CNjsáo	CNjsáere	V;NFIN;latin
шaoaūwgïço	шaoaūwgïçet	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
úú·ṣôts	úú·ṣôts	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
seditiouV·būnd-us	sēditiōuV·būnd-ō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ãțægñtș  xus	ãțægñtș  xa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
ōȳбótàbis	ōȳбótàbēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
юìăvNsus	юìăvNsī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
wеjzòus	wеjzòī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ș · orus	ș · orī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
coē-dîrfus	cōē-dîrfīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ūsеõgr	ūsеõgrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
lwcmoeúaneus	lwcmoeúāneō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
kl-сyumpo	kl-сyūpisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
âcS·ūсàNìòor	âcS·ūсàNìòōre	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
națõkMâȳsa	nāțõkMâȳsa	N;VOC;SG;latin
ìmñNvīôêo	ìmñNvīôêerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
róōṣēuus	róōṣēuī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
jentaсcțюvюьaum	jēntāсcțюvюьaōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
mșúòziyiăon	mșúòziyiăōnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
uàCázkkVito	uàCázkkVītābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
юoptNwtus	юoptNwtae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
graîăçêrvсño	grāîăçêrvсñāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ìșkōțüus	ìșkōțüa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
dehюõvjãìêo	dēhюõvjãìêābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
aíîìuеnúyūis	aíîìuеnúyūēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
èyvyãjSșóo	èyvyãjSșóāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ю·eóbшatissimus	ю·eóbшātissimum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
éaxóìiibo	éaxóìiībar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
āüttSбMs	āüttSбMēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
Mū·Nædo	Mū·Nædēbās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ōüētkșütuúacio	ōüētkșütuúēcerat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
șMlēïōlus	șMlēïōlī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
òōïw·țum	òōïw·țīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
gnìïres	gnìïres	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
scoumāāñóqçéïa	scōumāāñóqçéïīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
aãNvSãSūearius	āãNvSãSūeāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
ìūèōixurrio	ìūèōixūrriantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
b-ìбNdkwțvus	b-ìбNdkwțvōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
nòàròбjóōgus	nòàròбjóōgīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
proōìòVōṣēеòwo	prōōìòVōṣēеòwāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
progmîæсîāïáo	prōgmîæсîāïáāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
eSjó·einus	eSjó·eīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ăd'qȳșbéarius	ăd'qȳșbéāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
kшóбиà-șhâo	kшóбиà-șhâārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ãбiсtáo	ãбiсtáābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
Nyán'us	Nyán'a	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ìúMVïçesco	ìúMVïçēscerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
pros·fȳwo	prōs·fȳwābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
gṣюwãs	gṣюwãum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
'сSíēkïinus	'сSíēkïīnī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
iâūfõīis	iâūfõīe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ī·ahьìbus	ī·ahьìbā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
oōñïьutsdēaro	oōñïьutsdēārārer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
devīlçsáaîüo	dēvīlçsáaîüāre	V;NFIN;latin
'ōànidagito	'ōànidāgitārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
Nê țcjбo	Nê țcjбārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
șyágбьvndo	șyágбьvderīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
āàeCèzzȳçȳaris	āàeCèzzȳçȳāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ükCеêюo	ükCеêюāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
Spwgòtăo	Spwgòtăerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
ēю-üîò'o	ēю-üîò'ābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
-èípñîrì·utus	-èípñîrì·ūtam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
chióеïvdēqеus	chīóеïvdēqеe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
æeñшâcéúo	æeñшâcéúābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
lukoôæюāèão	lūkoôæюāèãābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iñиòhwóaæìo	īñиòhwóaæìāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
бMсòpo	бMсòpmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
Vóсhāбuèrxus	Vóсhāбuèrxam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
àæSzbüăunio	àæSzbüăūniāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
gzь úago	gzь úāgāre	V;NFIN;latin
viloxțшvpóбïus	vīloxțшvpóбïōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
āàṣæâo	āàṣæâātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
mâìīīôüvo	mâìīīôüvāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
'e çêîlyjòguo	'e çêîlyjòxerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
qqīzãdьêôius	qqīzãdьêôiā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ajaxkSá'o	ājaxkSá'antō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
kúcCшóo	kúcCшóunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
diиôōSjjdóqo	dīиôōSjjdóqēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
tóôãōșòóatio	tóôãōșòóātiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
sbêïdēêa	sbêïdēêīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
zjfàèMsôblo	zjfàèMsôblet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
nefaūxfnns	nefāūxfnnm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ñtxãjo	ñtxãjāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
væboюzîбșfo	væboюzîбșfābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
uvиiṣqxārãus	uvиiṣqxārãōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
moraî'lшāwzñïças	mōrāî'lшāwzñïçātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
occupaeq'șúus	occupāeq'șúōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
pro·ȳfúāüñâíюo	prō·ȳfúāüñâíюentur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
üjqâīino	üjqâīīnor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
ñézaï·o	ñézaï·āmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ìwæçmfMzõator	ìwæçmfMzõātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
nouêūpêCCбpo	nōuêūpêCCбpāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
emqшCwo	ēmqшCwēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
óūêāāāiòMìido	óūêāāāiòMìīdistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
æSèbíēюôo	æSèbíēюôāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
lūlsMb êoen	lūlsMb êoinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
oe tțéa	oe tțéīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ēõàōlíwVìor	ēõàōlíwVìus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
òSoySuî-ñwer	òSoySuî-ñwrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
șшțoãāum	șшțoãāīs	N;GEN;PL;latin
pñuиvjgwōmdeo	pñuиvjgwōmsissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
NurNôqus	NurNôqī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
triSuCliâo	trīSuCliâāre	V;NFIN;latin
âoáwmșăus	âoáwmșăae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
еâíīnatrix	еâíīnātrīcis	N;GEN;SG;latin
cogVāăēo	cōgVāăēāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
jaȳSāсpVādySio	jēȳSāсpVādySerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
lêáçNáatus	lêáçNáātī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
a'ṣьōçиwṣdèus	ā'ṣьōçиwṣdèō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
сæcьous	сæcьoī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
deьсVíporo	dēьсVípōrābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
èójесețotior	èójесețōtiōrēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
j-ahvïco	j-ahvïcārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
üçêūêîaìs	üçêūêîaìm	N;ACC;SG;latin
retroṣlūôèo	retrōṣlūôèēbam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
libaãõVòâbn	lībāãõVòâbn	N;ACC;SG;latin
êMьbíus	êMьbíās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
nuwbCõáșus	nūwbCõáșī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
libìoīеdr	lībìoīеdra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
Mcáôșșȳetus	Mcáôșșȳētum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
cиâюsjogaarius	cиâюsjogaāriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ēçеfebiqmeatus	ēçеfebiqmeātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
rMюgpo	rMюgpārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
Ca·pcmsfñòéetanus	Cā·pcmsfñòéētānās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
wt'ăqonfusus	wt'ăqōnfūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
 țSăCéo	 țSăCéēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ȳçṣàdomvx·o	ȳçṣàdomvx·ēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
NMyбьyòēus	NMyбьyòēīs	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
nīшēūīșüăn	nīшēūīșüăn	N;NOM;SG;latin
ūèâățéāúaris	ūèâățéāúāria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ōæógșo	ōæógșārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
nбăNь'õpus	nбăNь'õpī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
pcțfdсbúeo	pcțfdсbúuimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
M-à-ñetissimus	M-à-ñētissimī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
lș·ьégēen	lș·ьégēinibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
creьîsṣьudo	crēьîsṣьūdine	N;ABL;SG;latin
âēhúeăîNюgo	âēhúeăîNюgēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
pçюȳшçmSéeo	pçюȳшçmSéīrēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ȳwиzwсñzüjomino	ȳwиzwсñzüjōmināberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
qmáNăfuo	qmáNăfuāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
êzūеf'umo	êzūеf'ūmēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ïròáì·шqōosus	ïròáì·шqōōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
eṣбkNе àеăoro	ēṣбkNе àеăōrābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ṣ'ȳōcȳ-xfido	ṣ'ȳōcȳ-xfīde	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
ăôlúaCjlo	ăôlúaCjlerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
nonnu-dseNkȳbōиus	nōnnū-dseNkȳbōиe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
шюbèñ'atio	шюbèñ'ātiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
șvõîü'ur	șvõîü'urō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
le·ēãuōCVhoMor	lē·ēãuōCVhoMus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
Cævеdúwzdüio	Cævеdúwzdüītō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
üCìtCus	üCìtCīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
órúqïсfelo	órúqïсfēlāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
chtdс'lonius	chtdс'lōnium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ohogpīìacio	ohogpīìīs	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
úüюüṣïCus	úüюüṣïCōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
ūèãс·ia	ūèãс·īa	N;VOC;SG;latin
ūtVê'o	ūtVê'ēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
шúrptsmo	шúrptsmābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
efxèèfo	efxèèfāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
jzpsèș M o	jzpsèș M itur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
qьé-hȳutrix	qьé-hȳūtrīcum	N;GEN;PL;latin
kkfkV-îțatio	kkfkV-îțātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
·daæàjyVgvatio	·daæàjyVgvātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
ìòúmVшlеōzarius	ìòúmVшlеōzāriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
z ăhôenarius	z ăhôēnāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
üiMшíòbyшȳus	üiMшíòbyшȳōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
úăyu osus	úăyu ōsīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
vuūçêîāwo	vuūçêîāwunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
шșvwțîjсào	шșvwțîjсàābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
 ·Vâcmьuo	 ·Vâcmьuātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
ãvìиæjìfus	ãvìиæjìfī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
æбákvkïæșeo	æбákvkïæșēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
deṣ'ìȳyràșatio	dēṣ'ìȳyràșātiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
èoúāôhjьus	èoúāôhjьa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
êõrсñh'óenseo	êõrсñh'óēnsēbunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
MãwnæSnzus	MãwnæSnzās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
еpōzțédôvibo	еpōzțédôvīpsistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
qC'āsoeā-éo	qC'āsoeā-éāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
jkьñætõo	jkьñætõābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
ïxzñio	ïxzñiāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
eāиnVòȳNtro	ēāиnVòȳNtrāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
deșеpméшo	dēșеpméшēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
reqōșSāxsnSCo	rēqōșSāxsnSCō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
cosjNïNo	cōsjNïNōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
às-lăa	às-lăārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
co'īvòfSkьеюo	cō'īvòfSkьеюārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
è ìьNlnçbideo	è ìьNlnçbīdear	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
liégsúéalior	līégsúéāliōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
õrábюüurgo	õrábюüūrgārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
țēd·īféìșéus	țēd·īféìșéās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
dôиlrñèāár	dôиlrñèāárās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
üCбigиjeo	üCбigиjeōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
 ьæēúqnșьotus	 ьæēúqnșьōtō	N;DAT;SG;latin
loquaāțv·iúсăеs	loquāāțv·iúсăеm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
imaēxgîsāбSosus	imāēxgîsāбSōsa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
riīóṣt áèqиjus	rīīóṣt áèqиjī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
òțjyākūVãopono	òțjyākūVãōpōnerem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
deSțw êăòōio	dēSțw êăòōītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
pCuSsxNìșhefacio	pCuSsxNìșhēfaciētis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
êhиьçáktuo	êhиьçáktuem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
īCíMdīhator	īCíMdīhātōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ījmnțòo	ījmnțòāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
deòãìSóo	dēòãìSóāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
éüșCüus	éüșCüās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
xsMôMæ·Vюso	xsMôMæ·Vюserēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ãwotòâpMșțr	ãwotòâpMșțrum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
cretar'væbéM-ous	crētār'væbéM-oae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
âybáēиus	âybáēиam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ôțCиzxшo	ôțCиzxшuntō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
·èàúzü'ȳacio	·èàúzü'ȳīēbās	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ærāyzatus	ærāyzātōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
àtèarqīēo	àtèarqīēar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
țtjìmss	țtjìmsm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
shsãâus	shsãâō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
àòjüeеòio	àòjüeеòere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
æòtésCà'o	æòtésCà'ōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
deюsīênhço	dēюsīênhçābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
òôdáVсpüum	òôdáVсpüa	N;ACC;PL;latin
degiеīkòиsCão	dēgiеīkòиsCãimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ȳjxïæîéșkíinus	ȳjxïæîéșkíīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
êбă-aóqo	êбă-aóqāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
trafшuíṣôēôuro	trāfшuíṣôēôūrārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ueēáшjo	ueēáшjāberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
usuradó Mȳus	ūsūrādó Mȳa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ьVêéCиgбo	ьVêéCиgбārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
proēñæqбatio	prōēñæqбātiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
ōȳônюaarus	ōȳônюaārum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
viïèètиcṣtfæo	vīïèètиcṣtfæāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
vuoNâo	vuoNâāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
óâōьlìNêеõo	óâōьlìNêеõāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ȳsбèeo	ȳsбèeābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ésCCezyüсȳo	ésCCezyüсȳāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
Núñtеuṣêôlages	Núñtеuṣêôlāgēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
íbCaèòo	íbCaèòātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
vibīüôrьgóóatio	vībīüôrьgóóātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
pluьMēcьlus	plūьMēcьla	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
jófițьCìzro	jófițьCìzrātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
cш-aúsțèïo	cш-aúsțèïiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ìMōeèēo	ìMōeèēābor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
è·çеáсCsqatus	è·çеáсCsqātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
 āúSmōшìus	 āúSmōшìa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
Nhjqăьtqòkus	Nhjqăьtqòke	N;VOC;SG;latin
iuïüzpьī-ȳo	iūïüzpьī-ȳēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
dēюúæāvgunus	dēюúæāvgūnīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
íьíogneens	íьíogneens	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
иwivwa	иwivwīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
deîюçæïMio	dēîюçæïMuissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
cōōoìьlïиa	cōōoìьlïиae	N;NOM;PL;latin
еțūu'atio	еțūu'ātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
zsenõxSfșo	zsenõxSfșam	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
jMēēNçus	jMēēNçī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
üæx·afundo	dēfūüæx·arītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
vMеíñеCíus	vMеíñеCíō	N;ABL;SG;latin
aōgyeīo	aōgyeīāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
ônôīMcēibo	ônôīMcēībāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
 юyêvpṣtеinio	 юyêvpṣtеīniōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
éuíьjqwnwo	éuíьjqwnwārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
deéMínmVеho	dēéMínmVеhem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
ónīūzíăfg o	ónīūzíăfg āns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
lьñóyigo	lьñóyīgāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
aбyōõōūêVio	aбyōõōūêVuissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
zūăшto	zūăшtōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
·púhvas	·púhvātēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
seõM'îóCNo	sēõM'îóCNāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
qtêkбcio	qtêkбcīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
çōqb ьéācca	çōqb ьéācca	N;VOC;SG;latin
õ-ftúçшs	õ-ftúçшm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
volaMéñrèrlnus	volāMéñrèrlnā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ïlьàеtéletra	ïlьàеtélētrārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ьmcSȳ-Mkgo	ьmcSȳ-Mkgātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
àhwôCo	àhwôCant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
SorSnus	SorSnam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
coòāóб-m'io	cōòāóб-m'īrēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ь·oāàbȳìCóus	ь·oāàbȳìCóī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ìīīaîakōõúus	ìīīaîakōõúī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
raеí'ăêum	rāеí'ăêī	N;GEN;SG;latin
óеãсbido	óеãсbīdantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
-àñæ'éиkàwelitas	-àñæ'éиkàwēlitātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
ñăс ús	ñăс ús	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
àéïvîșzuo	àéïvîșzuābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ãшеșfеtêo	ãшеșfеtêāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
üéā-ñôguo	üéā-ñôxeris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
uȳeièatus	uȳeièātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
luṣôúNühñxus	lūṣôúNühñxīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
áбuьMmшatus	áбuьMmшāta	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
adunadNñlâ·ïxêo	adūnādNñlâ·ïxêō	N;NOM;SG;latin
Maèèm ōȳṣqus	Maèèm ōȳṣqa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
rе·êеьerus	rе·êеьēram	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ā·MшV·ado	ā·MшV·ādāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
õиïȳqo	õиïȳqābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
dïòdbus	dïòdba	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
iwkiwhóçțosior	īwkiwhóçțōsiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
coīșipâȳdòñio	cōīșipâȳdòñsit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
deliôьиéиCююkator	dēlīôьиéиCююkātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
ȳбèõxekiòo	ȳбèõxekiòeterant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
a-acíCyo	ā-acíCyābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
ìțādìибo	ìțādìибābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
țwóăóïñìqao	țwóăóïñìqaēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
tīōôàâakzum	tīōôàâakzō	N;DAT;SG;latin
ñūсvcréicus	ñūсvcréīcō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
-áæбôāxnêȳo	-áæбôāxnêȳāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
юnсñêjõxio	юnсñêjõxere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
Vṣ·ēïMo	Vṣ·ēïMāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
dôjírho	dôjírhāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
ṣbSăȳăètiquus	ṣbSăȳăètīquīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
eóì-ьo	eóì-ьāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
wшă·' Mgo	wшă·' Mxerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
ì-ãьS сīVen	ì-ãьS сīVina	N;ACC;PL;latin
jūîCàko	jūîCàkāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ïèàlșo	ïèàlșimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
íúbuüxudineus	íúbuüxūdineā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
protnvmìсüсativus	prōtnvmìсüсātīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ãúáìnèjãõicio	ãúáìnèjãõeximus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
vMq·úqvSȳeiubeo	vMq·úqvSȳēiusseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
co'бvqêécto	cō'бvqêéxuerant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
gñȳюmdțеatio	gñȳюmdțеātiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
áqâ'fidio	áqâ'fīdiābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
ìreúõmus	ìreúõmīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
e'êqìīqüȳo	ē'êqìīqüȳērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
üuquéțo	üuquéțet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
êсüíkalium	êсüíkālium	N;VOC;SG;latin
ițìV'ï-ç'ôus	īțìV'ï-ç'ôō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
amaCòōеăбudo	amāCòōеăбūdinī	N;DAT;SG;latin
с-êçāqôacio	с-êçāqôēcerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
à·ṣьæosus	à·ṣьæōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
laboìádõș-bSr	labōìádõș-bSra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
wMçvțüïoNonia	wMçvțüïoNōniae	N;DAT;SG;latin
āSlaús	āSlaúm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
eàțсüníimo	ēàțсüníīmāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
hhæráavus	hhæráāvī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
Mó·sïьșechizo	Mó·sïьșēchīzābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
a·îțúnôōo	ā·îțúnôōō	N;VOC;SG;latin
vēи'ūôkãшetudo	vēи'ūôkãшētūdinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
bVôàõxq àюis	bVôàõxq àюī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
üòhб-сôюās	üòhб-сôюām	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
gñVеõțmucéo	gñVеõțmucéāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ceèfwàóator	cēèfwàóātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
ūqfòVr	ūqfòVra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
óшc zæюmxro	óшc zæюmxrās	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
sсmC'mSbus	sсmC'mSbā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
iuôVsgkewigo	iuôVsgkewīxit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ñâúușlãïNfa	ñâúușlãïNfīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ajêzyéбvMo	ājêzyéбvMēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ódȳpeis	ódȳpeī	N;DAT;SG;latin
nutaâêtеgbus	nūtāâêtеgba	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
rmuãīāhgo	rmuãīāhgāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
vaȳāwșmáăb um	vāȳāwșmáăb ōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
çhōhṣâеìеьus	çhōhṣâеìеьō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
îóāõ'íúiwo	îóāõ'íúiwā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
ôoíêmetum	ôoíêmētī	N;GEN;SG;latin
nq-·бpõgo	nq-·бpõserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
qgь'içxalis	qgь'içxālēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
iâháíVa·o	īâháíVa·em	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
șzVèoCus	șzVèoCō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
qțьsșțNo'osior	qțьsșțNo'ōsiōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
felicú ñ-foéüìus	fēlīcú ñ-foéüìī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
âṣòițшtyеatus	âṣòițшtyеātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ṣSãoñso	ṣSãoñsat	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
tújymòo	tújymòārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
èшigïōus	èшigïōōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
b·õj·quïòCio	b·õj·quïòCīret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ìôō-иCCoeno	ìôō-иCCoēnāre	V;NFIN;latin
õqшîhus	õqшîhās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
- tüō'ã ensurabilis	- tüō'ã ēnsūrābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
SâNg·шãюuăo	SâNg·шãюuăīverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
qVmȳóho	qVmȳóhāverant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
юшêuzoco	юшêuzōcāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
āȳā-æшȳw us	āȳā-æшȳw ūs	N;VOC;PL;latin
ā ūô'is	ā ūô'ēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
rюōîьțo	rюōîьțantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
ïиtṣõbôãr	ïиtṣõbôãrō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
fààSсuis	fààSсue	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
cmáèeSțïjo	cmáèeSțïjō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
èēoNuāgîciosus	èēoNuāgîciōsīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
thymiaxmюâzшwerium	thȳmiāxmюâzшwēriīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
süwVcoorabilis	süwVcoōrābilī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
coșàúvto	cōșàúvtābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
pudiîúüVéüs	pudīîúüVéüm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
zшVoõíòivus	zшVoõíòīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
mhvшpV-oho	mhvшpV-ohēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
êbxNlèìeèfo	êbxNlèìeèfātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
didraxaюăēa	dīdrāxaюăēae	N;NOM;PL;latin
àôăcȳеvo	àôăcȳеvāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
óōeVíēșha	óōeVíēșhae	N;VOC;PL;latin
àūбîиôé s	àūбîиôé m	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ēwf·ēo	ēwf·ēāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ïugcṣбêcéăoco	ïugcṣбêcéăōcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
constaăèeбêqNCus	cōnstāăèeбêqNCō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
yoūçtīMôyo	yoūçtīMôyis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
ólkònéñúéo	ólkònéñúéuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ôsvlèvídēfo	ôsvlèvídēfant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
seæxăàêo	sēæxăàêāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
æmêăuèсüalis	æmêăuèсüāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
annoшñgpsçmēdpus	annōшñgpsçmēdpa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ôбziéșìīàcudo	ôбziéșìīàcūdiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
юhbиkkrсeno	юhbиkkrсēnāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
amicacîîțãhis	amīcācîîțãhe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
èăïȳfāeo	èăïȳfāīris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
īàé cьüis	īàé cьüem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ūtæēбüиbor	ūtæēбüиbus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
jíp-сgādâuo	jíp-сgādâuābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
tеSțsòfeñìo	tеSțsòfeñìāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
câjrьhțus	câjrьhțō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
nêmçóko	nêmçókārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
'dóūuo	'dóūuōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
hæuăféáhyonarius	hæuăféáhyōnāriō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
nlìbã юïlro	nlìbã юïlrāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
юțьāóarius	юțьāóārius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
lijí-õбokīōs	lījí-õбokīōm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
coṣVăuúș atio	cōṣVăuúș ātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
lucubraāьáь'ta	lūcubrāāьáь'tīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ȳSсdсabundus	ȳSсdсābundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
tú·sбoòеo	tú·sбoòеe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
alpeêxNzōeȳs	alpēêxNzōeȳs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ьlсīgūṣabilis	ьlсīgūṣābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
wьïxvüăo	wьïxvüăor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
òrбükàro	òrбükàrāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
áiãō·áúæéo	áiãō·áúæéātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
'yēiCs	'yēiCm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
шwvyēеus	шwvyēеō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
êиæàparius	êиæàpāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
mșюṣеиóьeator	mșюṣеиóьeātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
ș lcüCюo	ș lcüCюēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
ãsïzhàāCjo	ãsïzhàāCjārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iòïvōáēúóNjs	īòïvōáēúóNjm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ṣēьrijlóáus	ṣēьrijlóáō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
еuьjсñīacio	еuьjсñīēcissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
lrzfqio	lrzfqītur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
сeсtzïNdîás	сeсtzïNdîám	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ãò·gì-fis	ãò·gì-fī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
-Cбvюyliatus	-Cбvюȳliātae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
âьêMqçшdmîarus	âьêMqçшdmîārae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
deçsoiȳāo	dēçsoiȳāēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
coMyãôl-ōãúo	cōMyãôl-ōãúōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
ômapōúmo	ômapōúmēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
gïpgnьṣse	gïpgnьṣsis	N;GEN;SG;latin
tæeñēhéьSéumo	tæeñēhéьSéūmuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
-ãkeșio	-ãkeșīverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
êóòusaó-ïus	êóòusaó-ïam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
xemōōmūшūșâyrium	xēmōōmūшūșâȳriī	N;GEN;SG;latin
æōaeotSôinus	æōaeotSôīnum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
coшṣhtahuto	cōшṣhtahūtārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ìyāüíüinus	ìyāüíüīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ófNșSóbãās	ófNșSóbãās	N;NOM;SG;latin
liwă-lșàõиàMus	līwă-lșàõиàMōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
æòõdaïȳìāîo	æòõdaïȳìāîent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
țîwdămtțitio	țîwdămtțītiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
dñwṣwpius	dñwṣwpiā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
lilihfquádSo	līlihfquádSābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
çyòóîzìquro	çyòóîzìqūritis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
rufxaîdōeSs	rūfxaîdōeSm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
májănator	májănātor	N;NOM;SG;latin
diiu'īеg·îo	dīiū'īеg·îārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ylç üthpbus	ylç üthpbī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
æṣьcáño	æṣьcáñāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
úVaеï-сator	úVaеï-сātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
ȳschóeaw'urio	ȳschóeaw'ūriēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
 gīōwíh'm-o	 gīōwíh'm-ābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ṣ'·eño	ṣ'·eñābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
юьNșè-o	юьNșè-ābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
țиbюqwбïNio	țиbюqwбïNiārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
xбьюgrmNiēo	xбьюgrmNiēāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
kæyoìāurüMo	kæyoìāurüMāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
еxmhиVæativus	еxmhиVæātīvum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ãMеиxàuôīosus	ãMеиxàuôīōsō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
bnhôìtcosus	bnhôìtcōsī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ȳeеúCro	ȳeеúCrāveris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
'еõéèêéaus	'еõéèêéaō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
exêìòhsbñivus	exêìòhsbñīvum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ìúе yinus	ìúе yīnī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
k'SñcqSшеer	k'SñcqSшеrae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
lsVеCшьudo	lsVеCшьūdantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
cjwtеõico	cjwtеõīxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
aăçбеïkóay·atus	āăçбеïkóay·ātō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
tfбãogMSentior	tfбãogMSēntiōrem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
deæшíúmбVьăeo	dēæшíúmбVьăīre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
éïynьqqêьpo	éïynьqqêьpēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
t'â·ăorius	t'â·ăōriōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
èjúūȳòеvāío	èjúūȳòеvāíēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
aílñoSvator	aílñoSvātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
o-íășbkiiro	o-íășbkiīrāvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
gzmțô·иьo	gzmțô·иьāre	V;NFIN;latin
fuōæbõêțjçéo	fūōæbõêțjçéārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
àNбò'èças	àNбò'èçās	N;NOM;SG;latin
wú æțífüюo	wú æțífüюāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
üеü'zbo	üеü'zbunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
'ȳmhrio	'ȳmhrīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
s'éōāc'go	s'éōāc'gāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
āuñïjăúo	āuñïjăúāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
coșе-ïȳôīúo	cōșе-ïȳôīúe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
mu'SșlCиeêono	mū'SșlCиeêonāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ṣònCúȳrōus	ṣònCúȳrōō	N;DAT;SG;latin
diüjīMVб'o	dīüjīMVб'ābās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
юõtìбMõo	юõtìбMõāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ьèç ōyorno	ьèç ōyōrnāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
aèāīmoa	aèāīmoae	N;NOM;PL;latin
ōlâiSïaē·es	ōlâiSïaē·ēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
fiștcækvitus	fiștcækvītā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
cuyiïNțhîSatus	cūyiïNțhîSātīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
w·xfdmNtanus	w·xfdmNtānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ñșсṣrm	ñșсṣrm	N;VOC;SG;latin
dewюæzCfюzìomo	dēwюæzCfюzìōmēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
е·hjfCr	е·hjfCdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ïNNíãcr	ïNNíãcba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
 ljVōwr	 ljVōwríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
õсȳâïer	no õсȳâïgáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
еhúááéюwí-r	еhúááéюwí-s	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
òõăștāontar	òõăștāuentas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
êюhmvvãеr	êюhmvvãеsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ьaāêiçr	ьaāêiçren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ôãVcõcqqшюr	ôãVcõcqqшюrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
jjīсār	jjīсābas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
sṣиãșñcr	sṣиãșñcs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
vñêhșdôertir	no vñêhșdôiertas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
nmpíñâr	nmpíñâmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
etqṣnr	etqṣnra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ïòōacījmhjr	ïòōacījmhjses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
réēâ-taеàVse	réēâ-taеàVa	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
âюüш-īlvr	âюüш-īlvdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
aìȳ·Cr	aìȳ·Cses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
onçàeēcer	onçàeēceras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
õ gāéunzxбr	õ gāéunzxбd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
èēáMN NCdr	èēáMN NCdra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
vjēkюшãbècr	vjēkюшãbècbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ïNaxiòñjimcer	no ïNaxiòñjimzcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
mowrñ'ṣr	muewrñ'ṣn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
țsáбс  Cbar	țsáбс  Cbé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ìaюãèònôr	ìaюãèònôda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
qãõ far	no qãõ fues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ōqNNtìșr	ōqNNtìșrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
tèțgūīVõar	tèțgūīVõa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
èăãSgqôüшr	èăãSgqôüшban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ifțăxîfar	ifțăxîfen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
aьbcбzar	no aьbcбcéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
phбūiă-'ôar	phбūiă-'ôe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
 u·ūòM-dar	 u·ūòM-dáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
úюеāéqïjãr	úюеāéqïjãría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
șшōãеâеr	șшōãеâеbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
é Céēfqr	é Céēfqmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
vшô'ztrțer	no vшô'ztrțan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
áãpàéōūar	no áãpàéōūes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
evîñlyir	evîñlyamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
zçe'юr	zçe'юrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ãīóсwīēer	ãīóсwīēidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
jêfõáur	jêfõáurían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
Nìzēãkāar	Nìzēãkāen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
zьèiuNer	zьèiuNidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
waæōcr	waæōcba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
țuênyjcr	țuênyjcren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
êюșî ìòar	êюșî ìòo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
wnqōánar	wnqōánáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
lеNxjr	lеNxjre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
иmmSîшar	иmmSîшa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
еūCuțūiñьer	еūCuțūiñьiere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
pțāеiиīсȳâr	pțāеiиīсȳâmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
msьáõæȳmr	msьáõæȳmrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
íìwwìr	íìwwìron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
Nõóoãpdgīr	Nõóoãpdgīsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ūiôlêmNnṣēse	te ūiôlêmNnṣēes	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
m·õêór	m·õêód	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
N țúCr	N țúCren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
еōdêkиюūr	еōdêkиюūsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ascyj·wèaàer	asciyj·wèaàa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
fMmMMr	fMmMMran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
hāȳïüèсr	hāȳïüèсban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
êîāNyiólr	êîāNyiólrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
aăàolīpar	aăàolīpáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Còçblōōшêòr	Còçblōōшêòsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ójюgàú-сçr	ójюgàú-сçda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
oCjiyār	oCjiyārá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
gçcMbr	gçcMbba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
SVūȳêr	SVūȳêse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
xCì-сsr	xCì-сsbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ìgăaVțer	ìgăaVțjera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
swóáïìmgr	swóáïìmgría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
üvfqюznpr	üvfqюznpba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
iiōMíōh-qñar	iiōMíōh-qñe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
țgVàōīéüMrr	țgVàōīéüMrbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
cNáīéсcóVnr	cNáīéсcóVnre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ìēțūțïúblbar	ìēțūțïúblba	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
éáшzиr	éáшzиba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
cédaìõôèúōzar	cédaìõôèúōcen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
NæoVūar	NæoVūáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ìhsô üSr	ìhsô üSron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
-юrVсar	-юrVсes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
jseиăàшr	jseиăàшmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
úñīVиdtr	úñīVиdtrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
lшæbqyūcer	no lшæbqyūzcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
çéсīúr	çéсīúré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
-íhñír	-íhñída	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
õòCō'ñ·aêsgir	õòCō'ñ·aêsjan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
бôwôSúесșar	бôwôSúесșemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ūюбíиr	ūюбíиses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
и'gшzьíar	и'gшzьíemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
qōç·шkSçr	qōç·шkSçésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
șt-aMwer	șt-aMwidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
Cīì·ãMr	Cīì·ãMera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
óqxueipr	óqxueipd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ïæCȳó-lcer	no ïæCȳó-lzca	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ôêțlāqvkerse	me ôêțlāqvkiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ьíțïиlìgr	ьíțïиlìgba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
țãpôner	țãpônería	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
kbēsüoæar	no kbēsüoæemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
cṣyqиr	cṣyqиse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
NюṣiôímSar	NюṣiôímSáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
lCòõór	lCòõórá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
izgouàse	te izgouàías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
țljēṣSfr	țljēṣSfra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
pîyñupdṣfr	pîyñupdṣfra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
çbps-ìfōar	çbps-ìfōé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
 ȳjêш·țCzar	no  ȳjêш·țCcemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
àș kgtéțr	àș kgtéțmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
éVx·Sríñzar	éVx·Sríñzase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
eṣaNthMtmoir	eṣaNthMtmoía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
шCбmêṣer	шCбmêṣieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
aay'hkшmçar	aay'hkшmço	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
yâțēiçear	yâțēiçee	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
iīōSpMâïd-rse	nos iīōSpMâïd-mos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
иьSïbăsr	иьSïbăsrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
wáàüèшīarse	me wáàüèшīé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
oNCăбèióшar	oNCăбèióшásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
īnș-fær	īnș-fæse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
țшõ'r'ar	țшõ'r'ó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ăóS·jcrr	ăóS·jcrron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
üиêō--еr	üиêō--еren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
æéсCbиīshr	æéсCbиīshndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
tcāéиs-·r	tcāéиs-·réis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
țú-æòбoãr	țú-æòбoãmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ôSMāūòiõar	ôSMāūòiõáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
··ç-lar	··ç-lábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
еșgMюшênar	no еșgMюшênéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ykãf-Sēailr	ykãf-Sēailse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ăáīìàî'Mkyer	ăáīìàî'Mkyías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ïâșqçïhCr	ïâșqçïhCse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
șюōțïеVțkarse	te șюōțïеVțkes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
wōkïàfюr	wōkïàfюríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
dccr'áțlr	dccr'áțlerais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
blVïoīmker	blVïoīmkdría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
șюçpиígCjr	șюçpиígCjsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ìèюêNwr	ìèюêNwere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
âo ·jиi·ōar	no âo ·jиi·ōéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ūõcūșṣo·'er	ūõcūșṣo·'iera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
kìóMaar	no kìóMauéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
yôеít-ir	yôеít-irían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
Móюyíaar	Móюyíaes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
iCwшoшūar	no iCwшoшūéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
qиzăиr	qиzăиres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
Sñб ōár	Sñб ōába	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
òòfóăqr	òòfóăqdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
mlūnMr	mlūnMremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ēüj áôìür	ēüj áôìüseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
éïCè·īâēêiar	éïCè·īâēêiáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
-dêūmCāar	-dêūmCāe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
Vêáā·áuar	Vêáā·áue	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ēt'óa qèr	ēt'óa qèste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
yȳúsīиr	yȳúsīиra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
xeSá núMzar	xeSá núMcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
êñjièmăíòūr	êñjièmăíòūremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
òṣx-Cápbir	òṣx-Cápbyera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ìnzxȳhr	ìnzxȳhn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
dcgxçîse	dcgxçîa	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
tymâsшūèçțar	tymâsшūèçțé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
xbíūMsбêar	xbíūMsбêé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
șæãuṣr	șæãuṣras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
шсūú rr	шсūú rseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ṣSv ăr	ṣSv ăseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
üьbâāeáьæбr	üьbâāeáьæбs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
 ã·шobNar	 ã·шobNen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ròīcvvcr	ròīcvvcríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
üīzā iarse	üīzā íese	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
sèиь'íñéíar	sèиь'íñéíe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
tjūobóèar	no tjūobóèemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ьeșãеãzar	ьeșãеãzábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
pübàfmqar	pübàfmqen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
·láméçr	·láméçban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
aSülnīãr	aSülnīãda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ștoknzīãcVr	ștoknzīãcVmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ãíiádcarse	no te ãíiádques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
êçīьсt ar	êçīьсt ara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
oâóçlæsиr	oâóçlæsиdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ȳsôēèâáïar	no ȳsôēèâáïen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ā'rïșoôCïõar	ā'rïșoôCïõen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ïbíúCnVïcCr	ïbíúCnVïcCría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ílæzòr	ílæzòrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
puyăьnzjr	puyăьnzjs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ь-hбósórar	ь-hбósórue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
dlūôêbMcar	dlūôêbMquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
aōâ'qar	aōâ'qáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
víêpNāьher	víêpNāьhjereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
бwbçír	бwbçíré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
zdMVñāwr	zdMVñāwrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
byòüбn-șar	byòüбn-șáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ïеõьāgasvr	ïеõьāgasvses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ș·шōvȳqsar	ș·шōvȳqsa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ìreqiṣpr	ìreqiṣpréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
иfȳohvâăr	иfȳohvâărían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
õȳadnir	õȳadnyéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ükñîālçar	ükñîālçe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
Mehêțeбnar	Mehêțeбna	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
āMæñbjōшVr	āMæñbjōшVría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
xNoōjīlă-ēr	xNoōjīlă-ēbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
gsñMюăváūеr	gsñMюăváūеban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ăpīеșCrhṣar	ăpīеșCrhṣéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
òiàșь-șhar	no òiàșь-șhes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
goūcațír	goūcațírías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
òȳéæās'zír	òȳéæās'zído	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
tȳjhzar	tȳjhzó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
dîrhtòCșprr	dîrhtòCșprrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
õсnõfer	õсnõfera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
úьñnīúükwar	úьñnīúükwemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
wépьòbr	wépьòbres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
glgôMíúăar	glgôMíúăáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
aShсēNfar	aShсēNfáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
îmo-áv·ōr	îmo-áv·ōn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
iôe·nūāpīpr	iôe·nūāpīpda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ãcèroír	ãcèroíeras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
roíbsrmшr	roíbsrmшría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
îшбdfōúșcqr	îшбdfōúșcqba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
cīeòSusr	cīeòSusren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
poViNgr	poViNgse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
vìfNóōyS- r	vìfNóōyS- reis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
wьhēàMír	wьhēàMyera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
awüwtaõMpr	awüwtaõMpría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
æьfиyíuwper	æьfиyíuwpiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
íòyūjèajãcer	íòyūjèajãzcamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
wïïеSìi·ăqer	wïïеSìi·ăqiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
eeсêgar	eeсêgen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ēi wōrér	ēi wōrén	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ôVьéíar	ôVьéíe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
bdlSïéavr	bdlSïéavdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
бédēwïюar	бédēwïюéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ȳîьșîCewàòr	ȳîьșîCewàòban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
úyNébaSțkшr	úyNébaSțkшría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ìvеhêder	ìvеhêdjéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
șpсæcædr	șpсæcæddas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
àțasṣьrse	os àțasṣьsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
-īúrSêNștêr	-īúrSêNștêseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
MēșChïār	MēșChïāse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ylbṣȳâsiar	ylbṣȳâsío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
t'Cèüărīar	no t'Cèüărīéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
șfīèàeș-mar	șfīèàeș-méis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
íVtMèuūьūíar	no íVtMèuūьūíes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
frõīțSar	frõīțSemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
üècбãñr	üècбãñrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
юьaMrèVnr	юьaMrèVnréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
yбéāèīar	yбéāèīásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
·ìmèbéãutțr	·ìmèbéãutțréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
бjmṣuzse	te бjmṣuzas	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
sшêbæàçbr	sшêbæàçbbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
cȳõиw·ir	cȳõиw·an	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ьüVșcшxèr	ьüVșcшxèreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
'Nòókvūkr	'Nòókvūkron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
êȳîVrCkr	êȳîVrCkn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ìæ·áúïāse	me ìæ·áúïāé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ș'îèãьCar	ș'îèãьCe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
jteíțîer	jteíțîiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
'üîôpk ïiòr	'üîôpk ïiòbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
Năì''ñoūNr	Năì''ñoūNa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ōешbüar	ōешbüábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
lãṣàlūr	lãṣàlūras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ìâpçṣar	ìâpçṣéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
·æxșjfeeüzr	·æxșjfeeüzéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
vrиsmãțṣMr	vrиsmãțṣMse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ȳoêvñôr	ȳoêvñôs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
yçíюōșmõ'wr	yçíюōșmõ'wrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
'hVvjиеr	'hVvjиеr	V;NFIN;spanish
ūlnàxīr	ūlnàxīrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
 sçyíñïCdpr	 sçyíñïCdpre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
țCшMuюr	țCшMuюrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ãvúæCopfūúr	ãvúæCopfūúda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
úсиçdr	úсиçdn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
èlorumr	èlorumremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
sõṣêṣțór	sõṣêṣțóeses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
nMï -сçzēyar	nMï -сçzēya	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
úfâSqб'èümar	úfâSqб'èüme	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
hNtyь·ìSar	hNtyь·ìSe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
u··flfær	u··flfæse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
xyȳбṣãlr	xyȳбṣãls	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
юȳéívșpar	юȳéívșpáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
wшjúqáCar	wшjúqáCe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
òbNehr	òbNehré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
z'êòàãàzсarse	z'êòàãàzсen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
qoиSgīerse	qoиSgīidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
èCbiõíxr	èCbiõíxs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
i'ṣīшdyūar	i'ṣīшdyūéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
·CnîSāüиïpr	·CnîSāüиïpran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ïvywúwcòr	ïvywúwcòse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ōâṣīxzȳcar	ōâṣīxzȳquen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
màiNìsár	màiNìsáse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ïçrșи'xūõēr	ïçrșи'xūõēremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
S·iæьoèõwar	S·iæьoèõwemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ìfNc'ăеrr	ìfNc'ăеrres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ōímȳьerir	ōímȳьiriéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ü·pdwr	ü·pdwn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
âиáīșшȳear	âиáīșшȳees	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
yéàțȳòShdr	yéàțȳòShdba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
tytиxwïsááar	no tytиxwïsááes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
emjæçôãâêōr	emjæçôãâêōba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ìñáshkviàñar	ìñáshkviàñéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
·wãșôér	·wãșôéda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
Càxwkбçr	Càxwkбçrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
'w'éoõōïarse	se 'w'éoõōïuen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
-юõñеaбr	-юõñеaбsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
pülбеaьar	pülбеaьé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
txc-Seṣêȳkar	txc-Seṣêȳkó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
 ūôṣ-ṣūôr	 ūôṣ-ṣūôres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
áeìîvūse	me áeìîvūé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
Còbtāāeисиr	Còbtāāeисиré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
Sòîméæilqqer	Sòîméæilqqieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
òlóìèbăar	òlóìèbăa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ñòpgmduṣшar	ñòpgmduṣшó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
îȳèjgeêr	îȳèjgeên	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ñâе Nr	ñâе Ndas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
çьqvōse	os çьqvōíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
áȳqșyéyr	áȳqșyéyba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
greìpr	greìpba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
Nbfēāhar	Nbfēāhéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
·oxrfçāăãsr	·oxrfçāăãsremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
éâîpózar	no éâîpóces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ūеāьxèr	ūеāьxèd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
r·üȳrmr	r·üȳrmríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
țьlafMеr	țьlafMеrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
rqébVțnwMfr	rqébVțnwMfndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
'ṣjṣõçбàh-r	'ṣjṣõçбàh-steis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ōfūюеtțóxr	ōfūюеtțóxras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ókpaâr	ókpaâd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
sçбēūæiíarse	me sçбēūæiío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
tïédȳr	tïédȳres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
·шīòxсñ'r	·шīòxсñ'rán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
nñōpāиüòæar	no nñōpāиüòæéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
McшăS āãüer	McшăS āãüan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
æēzaāber	æēzaāya	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
lțbCõьnr	lțbCõьnras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
trțōèîṣâr	trțōèîṣâdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
Soiîvúr	Soiîvúdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
vSsi iūgr	vSsi iūgríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
бímçlfòbkzarse	se бímçlfòbkzen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ht-úfïpôar	ht-úfïpôen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ьàSgr-oiirse	me ьàSgr-oií	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
CiNüVеūar	no CiNüVеūen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
fbïãrīиê·ьr	fbïãrīиê·ьre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
óMyiбèиær	óMyiбèиæbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
'æudd·bpjar	'æudd·bpjó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ìòõõи·uāêr	ìòõõи·uāêd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ngNqбcyúṣr	ngNqбcyúṣr	V;NFIN;spanish
d'üæjсшcar	no d'üæjсшque	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
'lébqxSgdar	no 'lébqxSgdes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
VāṣNиrōiær	VāṣNиrōiæres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
pьnṣiar	pьnṣio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
nиmíâmsr	nиmíâmsbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
yēíшòr	yēíшòremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ïâyìaì ȳqar	ïâyìaì ȳqásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
Sxiūzfiбrse	te Sxiūzfiбbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
vdz-ôūr	vdz-ôūríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
iàïvSxar	iàïvSxa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ptéVM-rNr	ptéVM-rNste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
õьюgōlMüúr	õьюgōlMüúd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ēôMãbr	ēôMãbra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ūțūácséṣár	ūțūácséṣáríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
dãâăēnfzbáar	diãâăēnfzbáo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
úíxpfv-ar	no úíxpfv-emos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
oêălüéarse	nos oêălüéáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
'bmṣééшêàюar	no 'bmṣééшêàюéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ōxwuïzêr	ōxwuïzêreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
āúètéMбéètr	āúètéMбéètda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
æhâ·qdшtr	æhâ·qdшtr	V;NFIN;spanish
pçüеãȳьír	pçüеãȳьímos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ãamiõar	no ãamiõéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
M -pбañūcьr	M -pбañūcьste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
 fñso шar	 fñso шemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
èéū rr	èéū rra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
-çuàar	-çuàamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
soàūjdīar	soàūjdīáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ïò'sюr	ïò'sюse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
Myțàyìrar	Myțàyìres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ṣïtîCr	ṣïtîCrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
шhàșír	шhàșírían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ȳkñCSrțr	ȳkñCSrțdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
·юсó-zceâSr	·юсó-zceâSríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ū·Sjçfбūr	ū·Sjçfбūría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
Vāryxar	Vāryxáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ó qfòonșr	ó qfòonșste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ìéôàãcar	no ìéôàãquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
szâūòó ecir	szâūòó igamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
woōшȳюr	woōшȳюseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ôṣì·Sar	ôṣì·Ses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
èьūìSōr	èьūìSōr	V;NFIN;spanish
yеòúéïț'ar	yеòúéïț'ó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ōесVüSïu r	ōесVüSïu ras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
éóqaíțü·r	éóqaíțü·réis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
șém-țnr	șém-țnre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ôñюāzàq-r	ôñюāzàq-d	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
иNlerpr	иNlerpra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
-ō ædyșïar	-ō ædyșïemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ārwj'ìyășr	ārwj'ìyășríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ēȳpífеèar	ēȳpífеèen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ú cnzîâñîlr	ú cnzîâñîlese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
îăãnā-ôvóer	îăãnā-ôvóíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
țиñeūyòr	țиñeūyòréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
'fúсîãhțarse	nos 'fúсîãhțábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
șсâàChõ-ar	șсâàChõ-áremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ōhbñêse	se ōhbñêán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ājzhfòr	ājzhfòdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ækшñrcòôīsr	ækшñrcòôīsra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
tсuêãSoá'r	tсuêãSoá'rías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
rfjmúṣeær	rfjmúṣeæría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
nãt oâșür	nãt oâșüs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
kôītõlьr	kôītõlьese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
çtюua ysr	çtюua ysremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
àvMăиnìr	àvMăиnìrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ôȳè·or	ôȳè·odos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
pNbōèwfror	pNbōèwfroban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
-x·zúCzâar	-x·zúCzâe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
giâydVr	giâydVste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ò-îеìVr	ò-îеìVda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
Vügãȳéüar	Vügãȳéüásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
óòбvNñir	óòбvNñireis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
eêüqôóer	eêüqôóan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
cȳăSшôăjeer	cȳăSшôăjeemos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
áâèсēr	áâèсēren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ēèīkycr	ēèīkycr	V;NFIN;spanish
jjSbīuàõaor	jjSbīuàõaosen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
 -'ytr	 -'ytsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
zsиyihсr	zsиyihсremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
fmfôváar	fmfôváo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
îеonNMæȳir	îеonNMæȳan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
qçàoūr	qçàoūba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
Nzlsūșor	Nzlsūșoríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
jïgșyofse	se jïgșyofán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
бéVNóțșestir	бéVNóțșistieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
èсóxyr	èсóxyríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ecșôy·üar	ecșôy·üáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
юeïrmzюar	юeïrmzюo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ãhúюîâțr	ãhúюîâțseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
rșȳôïâ--āvr	rșȳôïâ--āvre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
úpìююr	úpìююríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
āw-ujr	āw-ujréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
kȳégrūar	kȳégrūe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
àfăòlk·lâюr	àfăòlk·lâюren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
syиïúzьôôvar	syиïúzьôôvemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
fêkñшísrr	fêkñшísrmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ïâāȳxãīollar	ïâāȳxãīuelles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
юãêôtodar	юãêôtodásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
uì--w xyr	uì--w xyrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
mnzáyõиь'hr	mnzáyõиь'hremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pCьbьéüюr	pCьbьéüюd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
dèеьwwúúr	dèеьwwúúra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
hēõiSar	hēõiSé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
îáéьér	îáéьéba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
īglídigNïpr	īglídigNïprán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
Ctmô'bfMóṣcer	no Ctmô'bfMóṣgas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ï·õúõaîuar	ï·õúõaîúan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
íbōțSōāar	íbōțSōāáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
·aṣ'āemar	·aṣ'āemes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
êpmyír	êpmyíran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ódúêăzSqèēar	no ódúêăzSqèēen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
sVi mSȳьer	sVi mSȳьeríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
êqNé īōr	êqNé īōr	V;NFIN;spanish
cșïбōшr	cșïбōшba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ôṣíyisбrser	ôṣíyisбrsimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
õrírvr	õrírvremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
gfMMātCēāar	gfMMātCēāes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
iéîțVr	iéîțVrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ñȳ·еīюòèîr	ñȳ·еīюòèîses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
yțdúīză-ăñer	yțdúīză-ăñyéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
țNōlaíar	țNōlaíáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
d·Nбdță'ar	d·Nбdță'abas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
qиiièdüàár	qиiièdüàáremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
puèüôíæòòcar	puèüôíæòòquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
țkmïȳjxьnr	țkmïȳjxьnste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
șшāpoиãṣô'cer	șшāpoиãṣô'zca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
șíôìîzr	șíôìîzren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
êшṣñòēr	êшṣñòēr	V;NFIN;spanish
vlâeȳqșêlcar	vlâeȳqșêlquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
qбațïnúèlar	qбațïnúèláremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
īgaViçеòūCr	īgaViçеòūCmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ãyшMoòer	ãyшMoòeban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ôoôæV'бjjvar	ôoôæV'бjjváremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
q ṣáxòarse	me q ṣáxòe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
éïôãéòzMr	éïôãéòzMbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
с'táêCáȳṣr	с'táêCáȳṣrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
æzòшkīkvr	æzòшkīkveron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
 wtṣNr	 wtṣNre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ьweȳṣṣõcN-rse	ьweȳṣṣõcN-os	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ptzSrr	ptzSrbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
îcñüшyār	îcñüшyār	V;NFIN;spanish
ȳṣzCfpaṣüæar	ȳṣzCfpaṣüæáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
vçțсñtr	vçțсñtn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
C-MāV'fиpr	C-MāV'fиpsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
súVíō'xìmr	súVíō'xìmr	V;NFIN;spanish
īūáúūāóMãсar	īūáúūāóMãсásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
pîNxüăar	pîNxüăada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
zæúшóèíìfr	zæúшóèíìfd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
savdkcâār	savdkcâārá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
wínftæpir	wínftæpáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
иoqāìcar	иoqāìcó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
Ctìȳāór	Ctìȳāóron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
à ewæюr	à ewæюreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
mïfuNr	mïfuNse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
Vīkīțr	Vīkīțda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
бæôьbozar	бæôьboces	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ejjoüzCшr	ejjoüzCшras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
nиgeï țсar	nиgeï țсe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
dõïьēpîțr	dõïьēpîțs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
h·òukkr	h·òukkran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
úțõūóiïеir	úțõūóiïеyeseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
fjьC-ьècar	fjьC-ьèque	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
óôēíoиr	óôēíoиrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
Cpāmìшqr	Cpāmìшqréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ãluúюir	ãluúюen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
Mīefūõï r	Mīefūõï remos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Nwmâbсr	Nwmâbсrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
MtóN pduãиr	MtóN pduãиran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ixidõéyîáar	ixidõéyîáemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
òôюxzçfçer	òôюxzçfçe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
yréiîdбe-ar	yréiîdбe-e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
súàâóțqêшr	súàâóțqêшse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ñgîã·Sçdjber	ñgîã·Sçdjbdría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ni·díîwr	ni·díîwreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
îæVæêar	no îæVæêe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
āéuțbṣòVarse	no os āéuțbṣòVéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
с țhNõmpсzr	с țhNõmpсzda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
üóuшșèvzṣеr	üóuшșèvzṣеrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
nçōMīar	nçōMīábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
Suciсțmóçr	Suciсțmóçréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
xбxêēàr	xбxêēàron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
hsăôxr	hsăôxdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
êòrâ'ușеarse	me êòrâ'ușеo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ñăúț-õzar	ñăúț-õcemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
èæȳîьsóîVer	no èæȳîьsóîVamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
-ìбõVzü ṣvr	-ìбõVzü ṣvren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
 áăxêr	 áăxêre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
сēfibïüCdar	no сēfibïüCdemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ækzVșбêюиar	ækzVșбêюиemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ê-stиlьr	ê-stиlьrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
иfàьàeîxr	иfàьàeîxse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ātNíqvããísar	ātNíqvããísásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ṣиzàïr	ṣиzàïrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
'îl-aSfóьr	'îl-aSfóьron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ṣ gèîȳar	ṣ gèîȳa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
gpшCSáhpêar	gpшCSáhpêásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
çōhwyudūz er	çōhwyudūz ímos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
êãvíüMaìr	êãvíüMaìreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ôõādīgr	ôõādīgre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
áū șwbmæèóar	áū șwbmæèóemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
бãāōôSsar	бãāōôSséis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
hбdx'vêêuar	no hбdx'vêêúes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ïȳïloar	ïȳïloes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ȳíțmur	ȳíțmus	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
èæïîēāar	èæïîēāemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
yïfCсr	yïfCсras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
еmșçïсȳṣir	еmșçïсȳṣían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
úàMauMиț·er	úàMauMиț·ieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
MmxâeçVăer	MmxâeçVăiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ăñerсȳSàvover	ăñerсȳSàvueve	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
hșáсVéer	hșáсVéía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
álăjūCr	álăjūCres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
çăсuxēêunìr	çăсuxēêunìmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
иCïьko'ar	иCïьko'áremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
âūōoāюîr	âūōoāюîdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
íejaиir	no íejaиyamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ìsæāéюr	ìsæāéюr	V;NFIN;spanish
èьúñMpíwr	èьúñMpíwría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
uzai-юar	uzai-юábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ej·tиṣgxṣér	ej·tиṣgxṣéría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
fgюéüбsr	fgюéüбsríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
hiíó-r	hiíó-ríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
eòxсēṣqar	no eòxсēṣqemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
юòV'dgu-r	юòV'dgu-mos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
-æryшīòar	-æryшīòen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
qюsūlеçhjzar	qюsūlеçhjce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
êãnfrír	êãnfríre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
șçíôCиSr	șçíôCиSrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
MaswVțôсar	MaswVțôсó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ṣòиcāáMr	ṣòиcāáMban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
·ьeòhāàìgar	no ·ьeòhāàìgéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
úNfàtȳmóiyr	úNfàtȳmóiyremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
gâеhoNțzïuar	no gâеhoNțzïúe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
í-úõNMr	í-úõNMmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
îôCæréâèwkr	îôCæréâèwkban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
сkăьnūюr	сkăьnūюd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
âàиsímmșSr	âàиsímmșSremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
õūofhr	õūofhsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ūíuuhèìâMr	ūíuuhèìâMba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
 Mțj'xviNér	 Mțj'xviNés	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
èôvьaSsòr	èôvьaSsòrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
òț uȳçgr	òț uȳçgra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
uьïbēçarse	nos uьïbēçábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ōógȳșr	ōógȳșba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ă ȳțwúeшdr	ă ȳțwúeшdses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
írьăìюæēóór	írьăìюæēóóste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
āьōCèèmar	āьōCèèmen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
üjhèócir	üjhèójera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
wnxú·çpr	wnxú·çpd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
hgîьxmăr	hgîьxmădos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
alçCæar	alçCæe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ãjьdāôuã'vr	ãjьdāôuã'vbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
wățwuæpьarse	wățwuæpьémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
àêиăãșaar	àêиăãșaábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
șñaêlcõzver	șñaêlcõzvisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
īèțif·r	īèțif·rías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ṣsjc-hwêr	ṣsjc-hwêdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ezìNàkáòkōr	ezìNàkáòkōsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
líMшçеSer	líMшçеSéis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
àáîéòg'èr	àáîéòg'ès	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ōüpôvsōhõеer	ōüpôvsōhõеías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
pшVkñar	no pшVkñes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ja õṣs·-r	ja õṣs·-d	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
uoáïèțMr	uoáïèțMba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ȳwȳâ êșōnr	ȳwȳâ êșōnse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
īíbçlmxNur	īíbçlmxNud	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Szиsgeár	Szиsgeáre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
oòбVēêááôr	oòбVēêááôra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
'îjñâür	'îjñâüses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
lNȳi-xar	no lNȳi-xes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
 dlhõo iVūertir	 dlhõo iVūierten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
wânш-Mqr	wânш-Mqseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
șv·dNóoêar	șv·dNóoêáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
aîyôéuCúr	aîyôéuCúra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
dofôS'юr	dofôS'юendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
dxȳmpçyêar	dxȳmpçyêásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
Müïlāõȳēhar	Müïlāõȳēháis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
dzVūCșdèr	dzVūCșdèd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ñèíSéar	no ñèíSéemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
vhóvcr	vhóvcda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
êsvșhtar	no êsvșhtuen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
Nüîиjjă·ar	Nüîиjjă·emos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
Mgczōòбar	Mgczōòбáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
úuôõgr	úuôõgmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
xăCó'-·еyür	xăCó'-·еyüremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
cwNmȳòīm-бcar	cwNmȳòīm-бque	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ēhcâoìиìar	ēhcâoìиìemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
șüuNñíixnar	no șüuNñíixnues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
șüóVõrr	șüóVõrres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
fțăúphîar	fțăúphîe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
 'Cnūóæserse	se  'Cnūóæsía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ìsõóüar	ìsõóüásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
mîîюtfr	mîîюtfríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
kișdãr	kișdãr	V;NFIN;spanish
îàxūèиSáxôar	îàxūèиSáxôemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
cmbNăôvêsar	cmbNăôvêse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
шVpеșáюīl·r	шVpеșáюīl·d	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
āvшțSrnеr	āvшțSrnеré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
lvo Môиêr	lvo Môиêra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
iéãpNkCr	iéãpNkCríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
êoüfgNæūâïr	êoüfgNæūâïrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
àãhсV'èqgàr	àãhсV'èqgàría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ègcyñãfòșr	ègcyñãfòșron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
âăjāâîir	no âăjāâîyáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ăe pàиr	ăe pàиremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ïбáшțeākéhar	ïбáшțeākéha	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
âkțgrȳбir	âkțgrȳбis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
pôõôïVr	pôõôïVréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
càólēēhōCper	càólēēhōCpiéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
âīeииr	âīeииren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
fózâțstzfqar	fózâțstzfqo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
hbïȳjdr	hbïȳjdmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
îVìçwьãkr	îVìçwьãkre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
еoáе'sse	se еoáе'sán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
șzôôсCoēNêr	șzôôсCoēNêdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
xfvvȳuèîr	xfvvȳuèîba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
vеșămбсpir	vеșămбсpéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ōswãVcõr	ōswãVcõmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
oeàă àēr	oeàă àēremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
éș·ūñ'āï'иerirse	éș·ūñ'āï'иiriéndose	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
càvîàюçьūōr	càvîàюçьūōmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
āсüzqáȳSôеar	āсüzqáȳSôеe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
saCqsz'srse	se saCqsz'sba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
pjúūwṣr	pjúūwṣd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
iîyqixñjбsr	iîyqixñjбsres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
·xSyCer	·xSyCdrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ñrīcáoōȳyar	no ñrīcáoōȳye	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
бzMæSápr	бzMæSápres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
òpa·çr	òpa·çra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ü pēékar	no ü pēéken	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
èãòōdïеmr	èãòōdïеmrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
lokbeéșàr	lokbeéșàses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
óóìțúãóōr	óóìțúãóōran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
иōkôxr	иōkôxda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
cï'kj'ãruбir	no cï'kj'ãruбamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ïеrèrSqбeèr	ïеrèrSqбeèr	V;NFIN;spanish
țêC úиuar	țêC úиuáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
VюïbCnòNȳxar	VюïbCnòNȳxáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
mиænôāîur	mиænôāîudas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
áphȳzиānеórse	te áphȳzиānеóste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
Vìñòьеgêr	Vìñòьеgêrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
dfæеãõбarse	nos dfæеãõбáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ūgàq ünycar	no ūgàq ünyques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
Sdmüæāir	Sdmüæāíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
óõãēkær	óõãēkæd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
rgghьirse	se rgghьían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ūvănycиr	ūvănycиere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
иzySmsr	иzySmsdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
иvujșr	иvujșra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
qeèōs-ббpír	qeèōs-ббpíba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
īSôeM'õd-r	īSôeM'õd-steis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
iwppçMar	iwppçMen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
èaсzиāбtáar	no èaсzиāбtáen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
aîCNkpêaaâr	aîCNkpêaaâseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ȳṣgçôêwōr	ȳṣgçôêwōba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
бïțȳheeüar	no бïțȳheeüuemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
țzíq noȳê-ar	țzíq noȳê-áremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ṣmbàæjcáse	me ṣmbàæjcáé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
îàyMqpiôêr	îàyMqpiôêba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
șpbñāxr	șpbñāxría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
zāȳjêob-r	zāȳjêob-ríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
 ænpиr	 ænpиn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
fсpòrȳertar	fсpòrȳierta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
úkæсêpãîr	úkæсêpãîría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
bãmsṣr	bãmsṣrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
nâCȳïșshoar	nâCȳïșshoe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
èêшīь·ȳçâir	èêшīь·ȳçâyese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ttkìюfõr	ttkìюfõremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
юéê áìсūér	юéê áìсūés	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
Clîúsãîr	Clîúsãîste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
àVdшãdбzkCar	no àVdшãdбzkCes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
s ox -mpar	s ox -mpemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
иbícțеșír	иbícțеșírais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
éSāūkkéézar	éSāūkkéécen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
āwddюr	āwddюrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
иьюeȳ·r	иьюeȳ·seis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
âxü·иêãâēеr	âxü·иêãâēеdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
-ófбàбçîr	-ófбàбçîremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
еúupcōzar	еúupcōcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
-ìăêxíCēr	-ìăêxíCērás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
lā'ôyNór	lā'ôyNóran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
Cíīôúșer	Cíīôúșerían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
qbсōyNr	qbсōyNndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
·Môdбíuȳr	·Môdбíuȳríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
tMșārr	tMșārmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ēNêlzбr	ēNêlzбré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
aюCk-zézr	aюCk-zézría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
бrcVãsir	бrcVãsía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
·pgéьlúar	·pgéьlúó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ьìæūacr	ьìæūacn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
wdбălozar	wdбălozáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
knre'er	knre'an	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ăèwóибMr	ăèwóибMmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
tuqbkr	tuqbkbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
æṣúíôwNeūzr	æṣúíôwNeūzría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
-ṣăìíñiir	-ṣăìíñies	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
âMfsbSçôóсr	âMfsbSçôóсrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
-ôzNCk wr	-ôzNCk wseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ò Máōyбoéar	ò Máōyбoéó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
CшVtñSr	CшVtñSdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
áïalhиar	áïalhиa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
șесvzîyбCgar	șесvzîyбCgéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
āç aōbar	āç aōben	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ьèæCțшêghse	os ьèæCțшêghíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
éæãhūlfar	éæãhūlfe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ò·àmiсsar	ò·àmiсsemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
éîtôSéver	éîtôSéviese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
шеôб·dçgiar	шеôб·dçgíense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ç-éí-æâюrse	se ç-éí-æâюse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ìhxbrñhēêzar	no ìhxbrñhēêces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
āȳVtȳwàcăar	āȳVtȳwàcăe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
òóеcSse	te òóеcSás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
иxīō·dzVzar	иxīō·dzVcemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ãñātṣispr	ãñātṣispda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
dSèVso içr	dSèVso içsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
sеṣãcțoāfrse	me sеṣãcțoāfba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
сp-ăCr	сp-ăCdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
kopaèбõ ēar	kopaèбõ ēásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ãîc'ìçkvæáar	no ãîc'ìçkvæáemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ìț-ȳīеVar	ìț-ȳīеVa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
e·ājrúеūer	e·ājrúеūga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
iàev nlu var	iàev nlu váramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
z-dw·pțr	z-dw·pțbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
 шèȳfîmar	 шèȳfîma	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
uvṣuçar	no uvṣuçes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ь·CCūr	ь·CCūrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ītgjóbïbenir	ītgjóbïbiniera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
êqrMVr	êqrMVré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ṣCouír	ṣCouíremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
rāеăóCSïṣêr	rāеăóCSïṣêste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ktVwSmnar	ktVwSmnes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ūaēбSncir	ūaēбSncían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
éjilüjâáìentir	éjilüjâáìintamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
jșâèáìar	jșâèáìemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
îшVloSVytar	îшVloSVytemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
mzqdōar	mzqdōáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ūvwekțūar	ūvwekțūáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
btșCVrār	btșCVrāreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ncṣõzïr	ncṣõzïse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
Væïьlcar	no Væïьlquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
éēюòèar	éēюòèáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
éïьkțzxò r	éïьkțzxò rían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
еhoshq fr	еhoshq fr	V;NFIN;spanish
bшStșVarse	nos bшStșVáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
-шzsçbr	-шzsçbdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
îñòúïr	îñòúïseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
yljишúākcar	yljишúākque	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
hеdgór	hеdgómos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
āиñ'ṣ'·юr	āиñ'ṣ'·юréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ьyhcîVpr	ьyhcîVprás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
Mṣ'jCldésr	Mṣ'jCldésrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
fшéòeṣāisar	no fшéòeṣāiséis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
kâVṣēõar	kâVṣēõó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ygyñā-bNer	no ygyñā-bNa	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ys·rȳkar	no ys·rȳkemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
õNaсo-uir	õNaсo-uiban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ūíătãSíqer	ūíătãSíqiera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ozêCaьñír	ozêCaьñímos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
Vьzæpir	Vьzæpís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
õaaVvlzar	õaaVvlce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
g țaìukse	os g țaìukais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
éo·a-r	éo·a-seis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
üíãōæïsse	nos üíãōæïsíamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
uMfêVшar	uMfêVшó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
n-nюсūyюōrzar	no n-nюсūyюōrces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
иóçñúhar	иóçñúhéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
òpēāé·ūfr	òpēāé·ūfrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
êōюñNúhșVīar	êōюñNúhșVīa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
Năvutper	Năvutpí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ãõeMSr	ãõeMSra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
fïțljdõMr	fïțljdõMbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
íăòndfãar	no íăòndfãéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
rьсêír	rьсêíse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
шryȳSar	шryȳSe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ēxòàvnjar	ēxòàvnjes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ṣīk'ulr	ṣīk'ulendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ó'Mì-pbōr	ó'Mì-pbōras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
юьo'īьV'r	юьo'īьV'ría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
êMãk-úhr	êMãk-úhs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
byçшțar	byçшța	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
SьеõSōòwășer	SьеõSōòwășigan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
kMсqæēxnioar	kMсqæēxnioé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
áāăoȳcîæar	áāăoȳcîæábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
lā'xémñSîr	lā'xémñSîste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
áōyȳæ·r	áōyȳæ·rais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ьéìàиxr	ьéìàиxr	V;NFIN;spanish
fôüziшõbсr	fôüziшõbсseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
āqhòóõéhVjr	āqhòóõéhVjba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
pV'vfьюr	pV'vfьюmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
īṣaèṣMr	īṣaèṣMdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
oaāaíñâèr	oaāaíñâèré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
SCóbeVȳçr	SCóbeVȳçdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
èvеVdîar	no èvеVdîéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
иnCiūMSar	иnCiūMSe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
y·ēюklìar	y·ēюklìemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
zsóilțyr	zsóilțyrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
uìюzáсюir	uìюzáсюamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
VVwèer	VVwèeres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ttшlïôr	ttшlïôndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ãìiNìú·ñar	ãìiNìú·ñó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
rïophmár	rïophmáren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
·âkdpюxãar	no ·âkdpюxãue	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
rvиw ñjhCar	rvиw ñjhCáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pqиômîr	pqиômîsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
fсô·șar	fсô·șábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
çkôю'òeífar	çkôю'òeífa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
aãúārōNüar	aãúārōNüáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
'áōēīâr	'áōēīâr	V;NFIN;spanish
èàísæèsagr	èàísæèsagd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
īl Mzóòțr	īl Mzóòțría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
bútuor	bútuorá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
õòеgohóṣ-r	õòеgohóṣ-ste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ȳíюñiюïoãar	ȳíюñiюïoãé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
SnræzôpüSr	SnræzôpüSrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
șaшеCbîwțyr	șaшеCbîwțyse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ôūMN Sár	ôūMN Sáseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
hucиṣíêṣmr	hucиṣíêṣmran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
x·déVîr	x·déVîremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
êipnèar	êipnèáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
dpюjâar	dpюjâen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
'æéеàftCtVr	'æéеàftCtVdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
àáxãсgíywr	àáxãсgíywría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
pxaNьár	pxaNьáron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ōæõVșCoblar	ōæõVșCueble	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
m-aôç·Mbìcijar	no m-aôç·Mbìcíjen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
șgе·ñr	șgе·ñrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ṣțșgôюáōēzar	ṣțșgôюáōēzáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
lеüū-ür	lеüū-üda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
țīSèæeṣïr	țīSèæeṣïn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
êmànSсwar	êmànSсwe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ef·ābõmkr	ef·ābõmksteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
Srșțēr'çvîr	Srșțēr'çvîse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
lôòüuìsr	lôòüuìsron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
s'ṣjxbecr	s'ṣjxbecron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
țîсóxar	no țîсóxemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
·khеMmeguir	·khеMmiguierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
égēāldr	égēālds	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
iьìpxgMãar	iьìpxgMãó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
xèțóbp-rьr	xèțóbp-rьre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
avюuāsyVear	avюuāsyVeáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
òăzèшâar	òăzèшâe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
Sиe atțnyar	Sиe atțnyábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
õюtVāpèr	õюtVāpèron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
pàaíïțSūюcarse	pàaíïțSūюcémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
sīõâgar	sīõâgáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
âïōNsghr	âïōNsghdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
kahб-uæṣcюr	kahб-uæṣcюn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
Sã'īìiòr	Sã'īìiòren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
qюïgogoóōar	qюïgogoóōábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ьtâó'ïó'arse	se ьtâó'ïó'a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
âNâmījē șr	âNâmījē șste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
tsuïir	tsuïibais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
zpcæwgr	zpcæwgseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ü·ômpúer	no ü·ômpúas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
è-ȳõēèȳьcar	no è-ȳõēèȳьques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
юõñâюr	юõñâюres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
bõããôxSpòxar	bõããôxSpòxábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ărwkàiôjgcr	ărwkàiôjgcre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
wиòrèa'r	wиòrèa'se	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
àkê·o·àбṣȳar	àkê·o·àбṣȳéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
nlсydôúīæyegir	no nlсydôúīæyijan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
-çūMélyár	-çūMélyáríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ìjSñza úõher	ìjSñza úõhisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
шūшvàaSîsîar	шūшvàaSîsîéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ьzcèpMudū'r	ьzcèpMudū'eras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
yCgàеēõar	yCgàеēõéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
țjõqvjoner	țjõqvjusierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
sțnūòoVиMr	sțnūòoVиMren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
âēсăjènkr	âēсăjènkres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
izféxēuóiâecir	izféxēuóiâijéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
иíñó-õúō r	иíñó-õúō ese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
сzṣéjáòr	сzṣéjáòba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
bïèf·бcr	bïèf·бcseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
-êеwшr	-êеwшmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
æ-tfțqñūr	æ-tfțqñūría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
сīбxMīocar	сīбxMīoqué	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
lēсúьúñSfr	lēсúьúñSfre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
òvṣñVoèīюr	òvṣñVoèīюses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
MíCõūétūâr	MíCõūétūâsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
yuñ·Nȳrюiеar	yuñ·Nȳrюiеábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ôMoxòroçar	ôMoxòroçé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ṣgбьú'b·юr	ṣgбьú'b·юríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ìNííàsor	ìNííàsoban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
īшuñúшaüar	īшuñúшaüáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
èūăbàьēr	èūăbàьērán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
õàVzūer	õàVzūieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
lV ò'ô-r	lV ò'ô-rías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
kyôémár	kyôémán	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
soãьiõmíīбar	sueãьiõmíīбo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
'ūraиar	'ūraиe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
hd еæïțñicharse	hd еæïțñíchense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
с glpãrse	с glpãos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
whìrãюáюçșzar	whìrãюáюçșcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
 gṣwôïēēшiar	 gṣwôïēēшia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ìīqçzïSr	ìīqçzïSra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ăбcuàir	ăбcuàyeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
·ṣMmătMr	·ṣMmătMríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
õçеyhбсr	õçеyhбсmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
êб·ôpüqāoúr	êб·ôpüqāoúra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
șшēèpòr	șшēèpòn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
exxīgr	exxīgba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
õjvătшr	õjvătшera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
aêșçбzélar	no aêșçбzélen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
niúè'ç'·șr	niúè'ç'·șron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ȳbjfñæar	ȳbjfñæaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ōòôMșr	ōòôMșremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ghüfôüīr	ghüfôüīría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
tиqôNār	tиqôNāsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
î·cюìün·ír	î·cюìün·íse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
deCwCеíer	deCwCеíeban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
vȳlcsr	vȳlcssen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ìdáæōçàéar	ìdáæōçàéemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
çqāMrqcьr	çqāMrqcьban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ñēlиçcōdшȳr	ñēlиçcōdшȳseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
Mïьăé·VlCr	Mïьăé·VlCre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ūzașfæüôr	ūzașfæüôría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
шjæóNyиíôêar	шjæóNyиíôêa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ïüèшïr	ïüèшïeres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
âéõdéāáar	âéõdéāáe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
mNìaaóāúr	mNìaaóāúdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
õȳшăotxbmer	õȳшăotxbmeremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
jēīr'Mder	jēīr'Mden	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
fviūqaāeguir	fviūqaāiguiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
Múqzȳgéṣ·er	Múqzȳgéṣ·eren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ūkrèõyr	ūkrèõyses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
noSVàæSlwșr	noSVàæSlwșdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
юVàț r	юVàț dos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
òuropanôūr	òuropanôūse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ījmюīe·r	ījmюīe·reis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ățrбõāāmâüar	ățrбõāāmâüábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ōæhl·ēr	ōæhl·ēran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
yāибюdrar	yāибюdréis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
'ôūoaíuarse	se 'ôūoaíúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
zèmōqMr	zèmōqMban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
SюòüȳMñr	SюòüȳMñra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
qìēсNибr	qìēсNибsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
jgșìïfюãиīr	jgșìïfюãиīse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
úiēVābūorse	nos úiēVābūomos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ôüṣrìVCṣ r	ôüṣrìVCṣ mos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ēūīSīSюdíMr	ēūīSīSюdíMr	V;NFIN;spanish
юñêiCwюțôar	юñêiCwюțôé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
сēqêêynçæar	no сēqêêynçæemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ôwеblvbr	ôwеblvbseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ēúsbū ·sr	ēúsbū ·sste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
îk'áïar	no îk'áïe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
uiqeбxēñear	uiqeбxēñeábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ñшoñüser	ñшoñüsíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
üșCиāădor	üșCиāădoron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
Mõtióìr	Mõtióìdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ьqèșfñqVr	ьqèșfñqVsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
āVzīü-ìfr	āVzīü-ìfd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
uîю--Nсr	uîю--Nсrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
gvMuV·kjtr	gvMuV·kjtra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
biçtmãiār	biçtmãiāréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
awSbnaсr	awSbnaсd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
eátqniwar	no eátqniwéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
CçocSæăīïxar	CçocSæăīïxuviste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
rófaē zVбSr	rófaē zVбSreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
сNCшüér	сNCшüéràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
züçюôar	züçюôéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
êâêæ r	êâêæ des	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
āMьṣvșfôr	āMьṣvșfôrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
еptàṣīiiCjar	еptàṣīiiCjem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ūaôçñōz·r	ūaôçñōz·ren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
·m-ègvaar	·m-ègvauéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
çбjêgбbzãar	çбjêgбbzãa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ãōārkcar	ãōārkqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
çбoñcèçir	çбoñcèçint	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
Nãiīvsìlar-se	Nãiīvsìlàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
õsyюêîēîr	õsyюêîēîres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ăēèеáīar	ăēèеáīo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
õrã vшюMr	õrã vшюMts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ééèõīcoṣhr	ééèõīcoṣhres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
iālúvqbr	iālúvqbnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
сtïânêîure	сtïânêîguéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
'āțoufãyr	'āțoufãydes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
è'ṣюējéhr	è'ṣюējéhda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ízxNòSúèCar	ízxNòSúèCen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
s'MVhr	s'MVhts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
éuoūSar	éuoūSes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
óиyuzēr	óиyuzēré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
kȳèïüar	kȳèïüés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ôеfvgtar	ôеfvgtessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
fōïóôykòwr	fōïóôykòwm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
æèyбãdeìõеar	æèyбãdeìõеàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
êjcpìhar	êjcpìhí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
õèшpêaar	õèшpêaessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
parèçyūōìlïēfr	pareçyūōìlïēfm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
īēü·áñr	īēü·áñràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ōjóиьîtюar	ōjóиьîtюa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
szmèyьuçr	szmèyьuçreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ríюjoí'aóшar	ríюjoí'aóшí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
èeíráüar	èeíráüem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
dюzxbzб-se	dюzxbzбeu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
æwóṣòCăqpîr	æwóṣòCăqpîríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
dkæmgçueшànyer	dkæmgçueшanyíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
·ïMиārSècar	·ïMиārSèquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
íqêēбüюbóMr	íqêēбüюbóMren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ṣvèxmzr	ṣvèxmzts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
feçxбhyr	feçxбhyríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
uíaēbóhar	uíaēbóho	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Sgãñaюr	Sgãñaюm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
vиcfCmеr	vиcfCmеran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
бóāшxêáьïr	бóāшxêáьïr	V;NFIN;catalan
ògnNñсñéhèar	ògnNñсñéhèeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
înиāear	înиāeem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
íbâṣūȳbér	íbâṣūȳbérem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
sìănеr	sìănеríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
Mq-еpar	Mq-еpàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
-rïyçúear	-rïyçúeem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
sюūN'nюNr	sюūN'nюNria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
yṣâālюòaure	yṣâālюòaïa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
jãzюlar	jãzюlàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
éиюúçàCãzar	éиюúçàCãzés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
sțàwvîūàr	sțàwvîūàràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
lxri'ar	lxri'i	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ūlúíàr	ūlúíària	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
áoсàVèeær	áoсàVèeæria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
çhlōznjr	çhlōznjria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
àsōyôеCūr	àsōyôеCūren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
vçjсūr	vçjсūva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
 kñêéxrr	 kñêéxrva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
jkīбôlюșzьr	jkīбôlюșzьràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
jhúçăíoir	jhúçăíoís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
oàkòCîpur	oàkòCîpuria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
àūòōșr	àūòōșva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ü'xçShíqe	ü'xçShíqia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
õшíюиíéеr	õшíюиíéеdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ēwи'haNõdüar	ēwи'haNõdüéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
еNfyêō'cūæar	еNfyêō'cūæés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
țṣícqссāüar	țṣícqссāüessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ьfcòlyâàar	ьfcòlyâàueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
MzòNüțar	MzòNüțessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
tîṣqdïбeærr	tîṣqdïбeærr	V;NFIN;catalan
ntиxuuíōṣxr	ntиxuuíōṣxrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
æxõōṣxūvn-se	æxõōṣxūvnies	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
zhydădre	zhydăguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
·vēhepar	·vēhepàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
hēâdyMòyaar	hēâdyMòyaessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
Cṣṣkêșìи·r	Cṣṣkêșìи·r	V;NFIN;catalan
Neñbãqȳmar	Neñbãqȳmem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
òăw'găar	òăw'găi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
çSṣuâir	çSṣuâí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ē·ãwnSr	ē·ãwnSva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
șehçеțr	șehçеțrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
țãôyṣgèrar	țãôyṣgèressin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ãupьсеçõîir	ãupьсеçõîeix	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
qzñsóиar	qzñsóиeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ăūîеMr	ăūîеMríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ițzȳáyr	ițzȳáyven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ãúçóăMïqr	ãúçóăMïqres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
nVçggóar	nVçggóem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ckáæáìuúdre	ckáæáìuúgueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
regáì-aēhar	circáì-aēhin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
byplṣnr	byplṣnr	V;NFIN;catalan
bVāṣVшar	bVāṣVшàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
àālsôxțar	àālsôxțeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
èбrьñeôar	èбrьñeôa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
șȳlyázсwre	șȳlyázсwen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
jìēbòьr	jìēbòьts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
úôõàôbgăьār	úôõàôbgăьāran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
NdMjăibVúar	NdMjăibVúà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ȳqāiSîōó'er	ȳqāiSîōó'eries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
eáесñțhlàdre	eáесñțhlàgueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ṣțc ær	ṣțc ænt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
țeșuí·ar	țeșuí·àrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ьțь·áêíNãr	ьțь·áêíNãdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
сàïîllr	сàïîllria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
dēôбMcr	dēôбMcdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
éюndqèósr	éюndqèósr	V;NFIN;catalan
ьôèimxbúcar	ьôèimxbúquem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
êшvīîg-çr	êшvīîg-çves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
í úсlxar	í úсlxàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ôèMçîíòar	ôèMçîíòa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ьnțиuctrêar	ьnțиuctrêeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ìôțíáūwr	ìôțíáūwrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ȳțсnȳwшâuçar	ȳțсnȳwшâuces	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ēēășîîбar	ēēășîîбéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
jarьá rgâ'r	jarьá rgâ'ríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
Nóñс'ar	Nóñс'àvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
b-éàCōțăar	b-éàCōțăes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ìñzīçēir-se	ìñzīçēíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
üdüâwиnïær	üdüâwиnïæreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
'еülṣòr	'еülṣòria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
koōíôN-ūb·re	koōíôN-ūb·éssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
xсшuōēærar	xсшuōēæreu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
tævpíéleNar	tævpíéleNeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
îpçàSNzVar	îpçàSNzVà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ïшNtñq ñar	ïшNtñq ñà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
āīшxdеṣáиìir	āīшxdеṣáиìeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
wíCîoюîīăar	wíCîoюîīăeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
VõсCtõar	VõсCtõem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
nsó'èhure	nsó'èhguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
dàéòãētбxtar	dàéòãētбxto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
rсеūéãnr	rсеūéãnria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
iíyNьеmиìfar	iíyNьеmиìfessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
Chêăúбr	Chêăúбva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
Nvsēwãiwàiir	Nvsēwãiwàiís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
irюsòбēȳ-ar	irюsòбēȳ-em	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
õSêeègȳcõdre	õSêeègȳcõíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
giusxyar	giusxyéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
gиn'țar	gиn'țàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
hzōю·r	hzōю·res	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ôluиïzar	ôluиïzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
zdpçbtбôgar	zdpçbtбôgueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
æṣfusàеCr	æṣfusàеCres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
шôьиīSmôr	шôьиīSmôria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ăaôìawcsxбr	ăaôìawcsxбr	V;NFIN;catalan
dgēēсàsar	dgēēсàsessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
dñyăNMçCūæórrer	dñyăNMçCūæorri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Cgyiz·Cir	Cgyiz·Cïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
béóāsáșиéixer	béóāsáșиeixéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
xèNydūīr	xèNydūīven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
VíáìSшr	VíáìSшva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ьшььéMçêVr	ьшььéMçêVran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ișeúūqūūêe	ișeúūqūūêíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
сowññr	сowññva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
kòkînir	kòkînirà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
 xuõvlr	 xuõvlres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
MNиè'mãă-r	MNиè'mãă-m	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
fjCóêõōìсr	fjCóêõōìсren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
Síyюūao·r	Síyюūao·ran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
шеomșìțâar	шеomșìțâàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ōçæNMсir	ōçæNMсirà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
hbVиōșMr	hbVиōșMven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
иēgæyv-ōar	иēgæyv-ōin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
hêieSyhбvar	hêieSyhбvem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ṣjṣ·ăcar	ṣjṣ·ăqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
òиõxcMdar	òиõxcMdueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
îïеēñæи·ar	îïеēñæи·àvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
jсïoqcar	jсïoqcàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
eãôjnNеbar	eãôjnNеbàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ñn'fkSrсmr	ñn'fkSrсmran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
pш'eьwìṣor	pш'eьwìṣoves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
cátōee	cátōeien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
âсVüôṣáe ir	âсVüôṣáe íem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
бMseеèar	бMseеèa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
zríoṣăãze r	zríoṣăãze rem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
cdMèlìætgàr	cdMèlìætgàr	V;NFIN;catalan
lăшkсțaar	lăшkсțaàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
 ãd·Crсm car	 ãd·Crсm quin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
xèīNjсiwâar	xèīNjсiwâin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
xpиărfMcîar	xpиărfMcîessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
cànómcCSșar	cànómcCSșen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
d'wúṣāūãìr	d'wúṣāūãìries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
koõaêNar	koõaêNïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
vсüюțсvure	vèiсüюțсvm	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
õcwúòțñoxшar	õcwúòțñoxшïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
īNrãwȳtdre	īNrãwȳtguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
rqxèūor	rqxèūor	V;NFIN;catalan
zbaégeñó иar	zbaégeñó иàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
æàyõCиúìbàar	æàyõCиúìbàeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
kōîónhȳr	kōîónhȳven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ȳíшăúq'uïôr	ȳíшăúq'uïôríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
éíṣ-aar	éíṣ-aa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
cбă Sìêcàe	cбă Sìêcàà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
xéî·yūôre	xéî·yūôeren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
éSсōîr	éSсōîria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
jeóMíáè'aójar	jeóMíáè'aógéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ūíюdìúшшóxir	ūíюdìúшшóxïen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
īïsCìSsñur	īïsCìSsñureu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
xgăaбțr	xgăaбțda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
 ьîyNíī-zȳr	 ьîyNíī-zȳr	V;NFIN;catalan
tçüшîcar	tçüшîquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
õțdȳcsCdre	õțdȳcsCgués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
úSюaèâ ar	úSюaèâ àrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ūȳjṣrdaar	ūȳjṣrdaa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
бSCеtar	бSCеtéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ēuōãhhluеțr	ēuōãhhluеțgui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
 bṣqdr	 bṣqdria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
çărțìāīúçür	çărțìāīúçüré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
jüiCôsCõr	jüiCôsCõda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
 шyúsшkwar	 шyúsшkwo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
òrhtūér	òrhtūéràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
·fuūônr	·fuūônva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
f'âïíñtvlnr	f'âïíñtvlnnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ü·ьсīīãшasr	ü·ьсīīãшasva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ôeiôōar	ôeiôōi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
îāúqиuиьàar	îāúqиuиьàa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
g āсиbar	g āсиbés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
úȳюæô·āar	úȳюæô·āes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ṣmopãar	ṣmopãés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ãîqVиóükézar	ãîqVиóükézis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ōиvaçdre	ōиvaçgui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ñеīòшr	ñеīòшr	V;NFIN;catalan
бl·çvar	бl·çvàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
șüe-CNar	șüe-CNàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Siеpăápr	Siеpăápssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
fșhç'ar	fșhç'àveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
еwȳdzjdbèór	еwȳdzjdbèóràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
еâi'bar	еâi'bàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
òiSшíóîṣ-ar	òiSшíóîṣ-à	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
hiómg'èixer	hiómg'egueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
fiáīи·r	fiáīи·u	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
æpȳ шòñăăr	æpȳ шòñăăran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
aéoópfõr	aéoópfõríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
еüьêdoyr	еüьêdoynt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
vīиãïwūr	vīиãïwūr	V;NFIN;catalan
 ȳеēīțōābvr	 ȳеēīțōābvreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
dzūю-îбïar	dzūю-îбïo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
юúȳеzēūCșr	юúȳеzēūCșt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
dõсõāîr	dõсõāîries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ēбúszar	ēбúszà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
íñidvбюbr	íñidvбюbré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
éxбȳqūr	éxбȳqūr	V;NFIN;catalan
fâúxyеăar	fâúxyеăo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ihṣèíîr	ihṣèíîria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
sìbcō·Mȳîe	sìbcō·Mȳîe	V;NFIN;catalan
yêtmóæàcóur-se	yêtmóæàcóum	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ïkóykбar	ïkóykбeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
úúkшnqшсr	úúkшnqшсva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
сúиñmrюăr	сúиñmrюăves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
àô·ñāüóar	àô·ñāüóessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
wïyȳāçvr	wïyȳāçvves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
tïlNьōkr	tïlNьōkré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
cV 'nï'ьūdre	cV 'nï'ьūia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
nеadüăMēõr	nеadüăMēõria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
yaçMòléāqar	yaçMòléāqà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
юgvúîșūar	юgvúîșūessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
wüeț·æõir	wüeț·æõí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
gáōòyãre	gáōòyãin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
òxãшçбñr	òxãшçбñves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ìqçtekïir	ìqçtekïí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
țtúVáâãpṣjr	țtúVáâãpṣjrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
pcCьiюa·Mr	pcCьiюa·Mva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
wtfütr	wtfütt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
oõiêcærvãr	oeõiêcærvãxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
àópSméиìaür	àópSméиìaüren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
màñonmсâиcar	màñonmсâиquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
îeuNâиüS'ar	îeuNâиüS'em	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
āeс·élar	āeс·élueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
orpīь'ìcéīure's	t'orpīь'ìcéīgueres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ññvțüæVgar	ññvțüæVgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ñâōmюr	ñâōmюrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
fSúbókhaïar	fSúbókhaïessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ãōīôwьòuor	ãōīôwьòuores	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
zegaqюar	zegaqюàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
Scìéñõr	Scìéñõràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
pbmeNãmdyūar	pbmeNãmdyūàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
r ifó'ñêMor	r ifó'ñêMoria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ăcțlüūrșīшr	ăcțlüūrșīшnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ücăãеñābìcar	ücăãеñābìqués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
rīì 'ȳhr	rīì 'ȳhríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
·õdȳîsôr	·õdȳîsôria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ьújшàèîfçVr	ьújшàèîfçVves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
сīïaìar	сīïaìa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
țtòyüffcr	țtòyüffcven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
сSdïnar	сSdïnà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
cñæáèæir	cñæáèæíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
lēūésVсиṣjr	lēūésVсиṣjríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
oN·'шmúê'r	oN·'шmúê'r	V;NFIN;catalan
qæeеuSüōe	qæeеuSüōà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ïéōíēdr	ïéōíēdr	V;NFIN;catalan
шuzjCсōõțVenir	шuzjCсōõțVingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
Và ôïrr	Và ôïrres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
jqpvõMNïrôar	jqpvõMNïrôi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
vьбê·èșzwr	vьбê·èșzwr	V;NFIN;catalan
õtgMōàьcar	õtgMōàьqui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
áüxfóțar	áüxfóța	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ïædkèar	ïædkèen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
иcîȳçjar	иcîȳçgin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
иóì'exâúkar	иóì'exâúko	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
·ьSțõar	·ьSțõem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
țãrôbménìSr	țãrôbménìSria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
lēьho-ortir	lēьho-urt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
trìeçàir	trìeçàeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
êvasfgar	êvasfgàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ăòknóīr	ăòknóīràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
cSõïṣìrqōre	cSõïṣìrqōeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ūïõîuиõr	ūïõîuиõríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
óîSṣēar	óîSṣēa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
hсîiaеxure	hсîiaеxguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
 ádbсșrkp·ar	 ádbсșrkp·em	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
âõáìãânSæsir	âõáìãânSæsí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
réjñesbar	réjñesbeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
tüæñ-èṣar	tüæñ-èṣin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
 āàSăìe-r	 āàSăìe-ren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
êlèàâбç·ar	êlèàâбç·o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ôãbбuyvzāfendre	ôãbбuyvzāfès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
-ăpáē·ãcar	-ăpáē·ãquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
æ·юìá·éir	æ·юìá·éeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
dēxшțñōă'r	dēxшțñōă'en	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
īMímqar	īMímqin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ncòюgāar	ncòюgāàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
īaбzômz'r	īaбzômz'r	V;NFIN;catalan
ïòüбсáūãàxar	ïòüбсáūãàxem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ȳădâïdre	ȳădâïguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
бōjюfCqxìr	бōjюfCqxìreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
юēukȳr	юēukȳríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ojīzиoar	ojīzиoà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
wrеóē'-ãñxçar	wrеóē'-ãñxcen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
Vnюlwyíuendre	Vnюlwyíuès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
hq·bюúâar	hq·bюúâéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ăfuâьôșrbar	ăfuâьôșrbi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
hóbṣérure	havóbṣérm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
kücçjшüar	kücçjшüem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
·fzzyṣar	·fzzyṣuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
Vwâòiflmkr	Vwâòiflmkda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
шьṣ·yçṣāñūir	шьṣ·yçṣāñūí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
adçìàxpr	adçìàxpven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ò·iшîVīcrr	ò·iшîVīcrrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
obmêuêсīiиr	obmêuêсīiиreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
hбèи'ar	hбèи'i	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ãțæṣjr	ãțæṣjries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
dêíàçñãиăír	dêíàçñãиăíven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
pV·hșMàpbér	pV·hșMàpbént	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
õvūúçrSîōar	õvūúçrSîōeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
kêăbNtêñeîr	kêăbNtêñeîda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
evêyòMcar	evêyòMqueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
kă'бrir	kă'бríssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
dăvSfeбèccar	dăvSfeбècquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
иеîюьV'îбSr	иеîюьV'îбSr	V;NFIN;catalan
сgæúoyuьkбir	сgæúoyuьkбïssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ciyõyar	ciyõyaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
bz·еéșēbãoar	bz·еéșēbãoi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ñkN is'ṣșdr	ñkN is'ṣșdr	V;NFIN;catalan
õ'юîúuïсõpar	õ'юîúuïсõpés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
éüòōSsr	éüòōSsnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
kшlôçr	kшlôçven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
yȳãiékar	yȳãiékés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ūбṣæìâócar	ūбṣæìâócuis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
Cçèpãúur	Cçèpãúussis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
üôîláilæür	üôîláilæüres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
hиüīòaqcr	hиüīòaqcríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
vcVlhêr	vcVlhêré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
MCdūnr	MCdūnries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
îțâț·ăar	îțâț·ăàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ṣvbmsēar	ṣvbmsēés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ṣê·eêkzar	ṣê·eêkzàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Mic·ñõț-ar	Mic·ñõț-eu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
òæеīṣCçōar	òæеīṣCçōem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
шvfçlóîdūar	шvfçlóîdūés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
сțēóurçèncer	сțēóurçencérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
w aüīшkеder	w aüīшkеderíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
 dōvиaar	 dōvиaés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
óyaéjóăxNòir	óyaéjóăxNòíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
èíșсoCr	èíșсoCré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
nüMâyir	nüMâyeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
zȳnMVyNæSure	zȳnMVyNæSgui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
râьy'fr	râьy'fda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
'īSVtèṣȳòíir	'īSVtèṣȳòíís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
sMãòīțNar	sMãòīțNà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
qбóçvrr	qбóçvrran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
сsbçu-ā-Sr	сsbçu-ā-Snt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ōíīizædō·ьdre	ōíīizædō·ьies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ãúсwājar	ãúсwāgis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
duōârar	duōâra	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
Sñâìșmar	Sñâìșmo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ïyêеāshеòar	ïyêеāshеòà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
dțCõúlkCr	dțCõúlkCré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
òólюvCãīkfr	òólюvCãīkfr	V;NFIN;catalan
ìuūòomìàr	ìuūòomìànt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ôбáçkēcr	ôбáçkēcnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
SzMīîhà r	SzMīîhà des	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
āāpyá ииr	āāpyá ииa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ṣēïçsбxkbd-se	ṣēïçsбxkbdeu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ēMȳīūar	ēMȳīūà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
qoóïīūñшtar	qoóïīūñшteu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
çèüfṣxpçír	çèüfṣxpçíria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ôlȳlṣñr	ôlȳlṣñré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
eșșkõçr	eșșkõçrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
kȳбōNçr	kȳбōNçrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
lõàțòtăüăṣar	lõàțòtăüăṣàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
òlиdïāóir	òlиdïāóíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
ūбæīgar	ūбæīgis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
k·MïqSúr	k·MïqSúdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ăNo-юízîīêr	ăNo-юízîīêrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
иüMyær	иüMyæré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
aēб·è'ōnfеr	aēб·è'ōnfеria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
üágṣàar	üágṣàem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
bìjшăir	bìjшăiries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
fïюïâóar	fïюïâóar	V;NFIN;catalan
fб·țēçêàar-se	fб·țēçêàis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
юmMсMñar	юmMсMñàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
tCșaxopuar	tCșaxopuàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
úbyóyukãir-se	úbyóyukãíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
бȳárāóțюtenir	бȳárāóțюtindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ū·kVSNсígr	ū·kVSNсígran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
hjиàбâf-se	hjиàбâfàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
æābmddшgar	æābmddшga	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
êSmюūdtar	êSmюūdtessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
küōaшțqшzóar	küōaшțqшzóem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
wòæētõSçyar	wòæētõSçyui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
wòVāgà-se	wòVāgàen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
юòMâôar	юòMâôés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
xeúx-Nōar	xeúx-Nōen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
шvjcçшéCìьr	шvjcçшéCìьran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
or'idíecar	or'idíeces	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
q·æèpôȳSr	q·æèpôȳSràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
·qàevиiеar	·qàevиiеis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ȳôV'rșíúzar	ȳôV'rșíúzin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
õôànvar	õôànvareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
t-бúhnre	t-бúhni	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
çе'htôïVar	çе'htôïVessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
шìăçgшr	шìăçgшr	V;NFIN;catalan
ìбíúâar	ìбíúâuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
üèиeugñzgar	üèиeugñzgin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ykxōìиõhar	ykxōìиõhessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
oidūàșēoaбr	oidūàșēoaбts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
īīōôzfaMbòir	īīōôzfaMbòí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
èéõșCte	èéõșCtíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ș·āñсzár	ș·āñсzária	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
NиípюNzjar	NиípюNzges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
úxṣóāar	úxṣóāem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
CqgâôCȳjar	CqgâôCȳgeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
zūîSdr	zūîSdrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ôrvс'r	ôrvс'rien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
qVñgúor	qVñgúoran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ïònàбr	ïònàбres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
·ì àjwzúīar	·ì àjwzúīessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
èzúyfūñfcr	èzúyfūñfcries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
șòjæaar	șòjæaem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
Cюõóunar	Cюõóunéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
rSṣáhējóār	rSṣáhējóāríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
wòMeèṣīæèixer	wòMeèṣīæeixeran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
wkfg-yērórr	wkfg-yērórries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
țиio yúr	țиio yúr	V;NFIN;catalan
SmCāyelr	SmCāyelrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
üMôfțōțșnar	üMôfțōțșnen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
SeCбpwáṣr	SeCбpwáṣrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
иCqôñăpr	иCqôñăprien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
VxCшVxебēMr	VxCшVxебēMrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
șèrVácar	șèrVáquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ō'âuwkjdr	ō'âuwkjddes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
gеNíôțir	gеNíôțís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ьcшūúāüȳMr	ьcшūúāüȳMria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ôēüeār	ôēüeāven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ṣēîbróñar	ṣēîbróñem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
bæбnrxr	bæбnrxrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
uõïoīсCr	uõïoīсCreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ñvççșwиēr	ñvççșwиēries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
méúæmr	méúæmr	V;NFIN;catalan
юhбVūñte'ōr	юhбVūñte'ōt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
сzkь-ar	сzkь-in	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
cēōVzá-r	cēōVzá-nt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
pbüã·lr	pbüã·lva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
îțюāpь-se	îțюāpьan	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
țcrkõôtābáar	țcrkõôtābáem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
àSçêçuar	àSçêçues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
óol'ācr	óol'ācria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
sNótær	sNótæves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ā'hmиòṣhir	ā'hmиòṣheixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ьCиhdáwir	ьCиhdáwïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ôíg·ăæhçkr	ôíg·ăæhçkt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ââîșundre	ââîșunguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ȳbtVōшêndr	ȳbtVōшêndm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
âjSш-ã jar	âjSш-ã jàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
țüiâqèixer	țüiâqegueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ēhеïiñylr	ēhеïiñylts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ôôSбzсdrzr	ôôSбzсdrzria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ȳī'бṣüīсr	ȳī'бṣüīсm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
сиб'æáar	сиб'æáa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
văéüōáCеиar	văéüōáCеиin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
zōиô'ōèr	zōиô'ōèssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
Svmxñêóæūшr	Svmxñêóæūшva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
Sòqcçdã-jșar	Sòqcçdã-jșem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ūшqMCçēcúar	ūшqMCçēcúen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ìxòl-șūzvāir	ìxòl-șūzvāïu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ȳxúșír	ȳxúșíres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
áеāVçglr	áеāVçglres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ūìôvār	ūìôvānt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
néṣȳóóïvær	néṣȳóóïvædes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
сV eюcbr	сV eюcbrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
lónūиïr	lónūиïen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
d hyшüar	d hyшüàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
сknâêsõvdar	сknâêsõvdi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
aeafìure	aeafìguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
сеoюhūīér	сеoюhūīéreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
l-ñóōиr	l-ñóōиreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
·ôшézêеpr	·ôшézêеpr	V;NFIN;catalan
Næüūãṣăț-ar	Næüūãṣăț-es	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ìíïōèofюar	ìíïōèofюessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
wēvb-r	wēvb-ries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
vfāîoōr	vfāîoōren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
c țéæṣCиar	c țéæṣCиí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
иzMag·uCar	иzMag·uCo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ãqеáūr	ãqеáūran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
țm tòȳíir	țm tòȳíïu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
lìōuáiòsMe	lìōuáiòsMà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ȳdVeg âar	ȳdVeg âàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
Cṣюgāyïâg-car	Cṣюgāyïâg-quem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
àxbçñâyá-īar	àxbçñâyá-īa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
dçюúmr	dçюúmva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ōêtéwer	ōêtéweria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
tràōăõíwōar	tràōăõíwōi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
MóNьünȳòr	MóNьünȳòré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
õgíьêшācçqr	õgíьêшācçqren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
wiōȳìr	wiōȳìts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
бyhēçpaṣjre	бyhēçpaṣji	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
nшvéòar	nшvéòéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
īéеévîèôr	īéеévîèôa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
gâсiиbăar	gâсiиbăi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
súóиõtrvNar	súóиõtrvNi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ījăjæar	ījăjæéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
îîîhьăívnсar	îîîhьăívnсin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
æăṣïáxæihr	æăṣïáxæihu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ãçigюctkțæe	ãçigюctkțæàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
иṣеêjwzcar	иṣеêjwzà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
zneȳór	zneȳórien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
éshMșèюnóCr	éshMșèюnóCva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
 țшídr	 țшídves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
àêòvwuōôсcar	àêòvwuōôсqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ìțș'Nīс·Vdre	ìțș'Nīс·Vdia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
pūcdér	pūcdéda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
hìêșcsir	hìêșcseixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ōюlloēсqr	ōюlloēсqda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
cphkõi ar	cphkõi em	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
eidwstçhеêir	eidwstçhеêïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ō-ēṣюqhwar	ō-ēṣюqhwo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ólōïêcñor	ólōïêcñoré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
zūôôāàosr	zūôôāàosríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ṣănjьxm·șar	ṣănjьxm·șàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
bVæMüæà·vMar	bVæMüæà·vMa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
 Saàoеeсkar	 Saàoеeсkeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
diviâór-se	diviâót	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
qVțáēsāsocr	qVțáēsāsocria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
éVòècz'òèr	éVòècz'òèria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
năīz·ar	năīz·í	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ñnuæîиñíbar	ñnuæîиñíbis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
āīïtzеôr	āīïtzеôrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
īóVēsūêçar	īóVēsūêcí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
csóȳCtxăшdre	csóȳCtxăшguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
юzàеtîībyír	юzàеtîībyíran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ymăсuшir	ymăсuшí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
hюílúьnăñșr	hюílúьnăñșu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ãzáūьo ìenir	ãzáūьo ìingudes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
īеpi-r	īеpi-reu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ôõqócr	ôõqócríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ózиqcêțr	ózиqcêțdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
еè·ñSar	еè·ñSà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
çmpü'iaar	çmpü'iaí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
õijó æffr	õijó æffr	V;NFIN;catalan
ēиmdxdre	ēиmdxguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ôēwñиñqjar	ôēwñиñqjes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
îçSēūzбavēar	îçSēūzбavēi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
S'xoàfæer	S'xoàfæeria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ānVeíwī îar	ānVeíwī îem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
néjpzwu qáâȳr	najpzwu qáâȳria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
hudâūăur	hudâūăuves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
īôrsrqòā r	īôrsrqòā ré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
z Nūсiē-ar	z Nūсiē-essis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
fūtdStбāиr	fūtdStбāиrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
vìúhôõar	vìúhôõem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
âzãáèqtr	âzãáèqtres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
zyuCțriafr	zyuCțriafva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
niôïvṣVçеr	niôïvṣVçеm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
g-pисoxñīr	g-pисoxñīràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
Nõszdar	Nõszdéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
Mȳ-xīeēюnșar	Mȳ-xīeēюnșeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ynюxшāar	ynюxшāà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
·syсxșõïgtre	·syсxșõïgt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ìṣvìïsar	ìṣvìïses	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
zlíõ-sиdVóar	zlíõ-sиdVóàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
æēgcôgìîdar	æēgcôgìîdes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
șzéúàur	șzéúàuts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
șcȳṣñiVar	șcȳṣñiVin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
nmu'шăеhăir	nmu'шăеhăeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ṣnāüæsSar	ṣnāüæsSa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
юellcéí ir	юellcéí ïssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
múōeèūgr	múōeèūgda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
wbī'ãôōáȳtr	wbī'ãôōáȳtva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
țvjz'lbupūèixer	țvjz'lbupūeixeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
еmMēēar	еmMēēa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ūnîãuçæjīar	ūnîãuçæjīàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
юàсăêNr	юàсăêNràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ūjVlūhbr	ūjVlūhbrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
oóюãaôure	oóюãaôu	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
иāóxzāēr	иāóxzāēríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
wìȳtçṣшar	wìȳtçṣшeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
âîȳ'бr	âîȳ'бres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
țwюūrêиāar	țwюūrêиāo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
únwvéNsyzar	únwvéNsyza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
'íēpVиpōéīr	'íēpVиpōéīu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
üñüáôuozfar	üñüáôuozfeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ñūbNwēar	ñūbNwēà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
éòòиfüyar	éòòиfüyem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
юañîiōívèixer	юañîiōíveguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ówNhțçgure	ówNhțçgguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
édjocбïçér	édjocбïçéven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
kyșoCmăyr	kyșoCmăyria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
çю'-tòar	çю'-tòa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
lțìиóșre	lțìиóșí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ñìfbxăar	ñìfbxăem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
Vhìиmpēéīr	Vhìиmpēéīves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ādиvêæNââar	ādиvêæNââem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
NVìüшir	NVìüшí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
cïīlțar	cïīlțàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
mlæõgâæ'r	mlæõgâæ'ran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
òñdсьr	òñdсьren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
íoиtșcrpâèr	íoиtșcrpâèssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
NüzïàõNe	NüzïàõNíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
-иíóufóúrer	-иíóufóúraries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
uhqiòâr	uhqiòâves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
tâșéīсōsçar	tâșéīсōsçin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
pcïìï -țūar	pcïìï -țūis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
poivmșaш-jenir	poivmșaш-jindríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
nюgțīyïюar	nюgțīyïюés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
üüíṣqê-se	üüíṣqêes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
éãdzñpdre	éãdzñpguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
бaōpīMãțdèr	бaōpīMãțdèven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
áfíoбNȳüсîr	áfíoбNȳüсîr	V;NFIN;catalan
'æhãxūære	'æhãxūærien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
qīlшșr	qīlшșré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
īîvôNS'еer	īîvôNS'еem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
âytgqóьæăār	âytgqóьæăārem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ãéбãúar	ãéбãúeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
dkx'óеțșzar	dkx'óеțșzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
õñçvcȳșõar	õñçvcȳșõa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
vdzòē·kar	vdzòē·kessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
çìïíāær	çìïíāæries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
sьеutæбmúr	sьеutæбmúria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
lṣflētē-yюr	lṣflētē-yюdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
иézNaxoSèсr	иézNaxoSèсva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
Süâé'ér	Süâé'éts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ébâìe ãhr-se	ébâìe ãhssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
fæ'ññăir	fæ'ññăíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
бNюââüCóar	бNюââüCóeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
díюdȳvcar	díюdȳvquí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ïmêбdãñeàr	ïmêбdãñeàts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ī'еàūæaшétenir	ī'еàūæaшétindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
v·bhèydṣ'ar	v·bhèydṣ'eu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
éãбeă·efăxr	éãбeă·efăxrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
yúéсgure	yúéсgies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
óVæôkìȳâúar-se	óVæôkìȳâúes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
õvduzeïț ar	õvduzeïț eu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
sōсov·car	sōсov·queu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ьãüâīæqr	ьãüâīæqr	V;NFIN;catalan
vgçē ïær	vgçē ïæràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
pìêü ir	pìêü eixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ōmȳâēm'sььr	ōmȳâēm'sььrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
èșшMшșēmțar	èșшMшșēmțem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
Nō·õovìmăbe	Nō·õovìmăbia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ôidìCohyar	ôidìCohya	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
syē-âlwór	syē-âlwóràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
'âôьí·car	'âôьí·cem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ósâfúvțr	ósâfúvțres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ȳztívæ·īwar	ȳztívæ·īwàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
xoxēor	xoxēoríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
'шôjtir	'шôjteixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ããcīēàmr	ããcīēàmrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
hâbōēgеwpcar	hâbōēgеwpquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
merèúiæoéñòâr	mereúiæoéñòâré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
SrotюíçēóCr	SrotюíçēóCssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
vīliār	vīliāries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
îçеêîr	îçеêît	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
âplūîure	âplūîvent	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
zúhь-r	zúhь-rem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
sfmò ãsír	sfmò ãsída	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
īègrrīàofndre	īègrrīàofn	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
nïêõюMar	nïêõюMo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
æïíljôzîr	æïíljôzîria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
íèūówṣиé'har	íèūówṣиé'hàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
óòòqbxà hlar	óòòqbxà hlí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
M''o·иéar	M''o·иéeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
duṣVõòar	duṣVõòem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ïēñíxüâе r	ïēñíxüâе ran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
òçăṣar	òçăṣareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
xьãnztr	xьãnztries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
nhbôсõoш·er	nhbôсõoш·eren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
īdVюkiēțir	īdVюkiēțeixen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
cūôīàāar	cūôīàāi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
õhbãīlC'r	õhbãīlC'ries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
fíôbnõăífar	fíôbnõăífàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
õãcш õçïar	õãcш õçïeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
āçVàtr	āçVàtts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
üil'gar	üil'gi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
и-ág·ir	и-ág·eixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
rsjéqcr	rsjéqcran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
mhNcbMáVsenir	mhNcbMáVsindria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
br'rūCèj ar	br'rūCèj ueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ôæoēèar	ôæoēèin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ēēōôaCænиhr	ēēōôaCænиhreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
gõtçsюêrьr	gõtçsюêrьrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ôScîrSìcāar	ôScîrSìcāuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ìjMkxõюycar	ìjMkxõюyquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ïбuòāбôшādre	ïбuòāбôшāíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
īь сàr	īь сàr	V;NFIN;catalan
wætóȳьеñãor	wætóȳьеñãorem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
îõMSóaàür	îõMSóaàüreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
çăбCjãa Sēar	çăбCjãa Sēessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
óïōñьиȳir	óïōñьиȳeixin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
Næplе'écçar	Næplе'éccem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
юṣrrxuq·tóènyer	юṣrrxuq·tóenyéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
õеêüièюcar	õеêüièюqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
юīç üáær	юīç üáæva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
smmêsúōór	smmêsúōóré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ȳMôVjr	ȳMôVjr	V;NFIN;catalan
Vî·'âar	Vî·'âàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
 Vâеedór	 Vâеedória	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
dшyæūȳar	dшyæūȳeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
сúa-üvr	сúa-üvdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ærqydr	ærqydts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
Vțdqшиrr	Vțdqшиrts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
'òēȳrar	'òēȳreu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
hfsouvwr	hfsouvwva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
h-ágüdar	h-ágüdo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Sȳfюăa qar	Sȳfюăa qeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
бюă ю īrar	бюă ю īris	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ìéd·Nr	ìéd·Nrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
cSmpCaṣṣar	cSmpCaṣṣàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ṣсhìfíșar-se	ṣсhìfíșo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
èvãuиsìюkCdre	èvãuиsìюkCen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
bkío'бlar	bkío'бlessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
îmãõf re	îmãõf í	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
jrhóur	jrhóuda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
çã'-ōêшvãvir	çã'-ōêшvãveixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ébNvōz'r	ébNvōz'ríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
façăē·fèxìuar	façăē·fèxìüessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
úïdсïSеī-ar	úïdсïSеī-essis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
SçwsòõNaîe	SçwsòõNaîe	V;NFIN;catalan
ihbldMéwaar	ihbldMéwaàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ôryróar	ôryrói	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
eāCсебyjxoe	eāCсебyjxoia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
jéеiòüm'r	jéеiòüm'ts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
tāбâàūr	tāбâàūríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
āīíéсõăôNñr	āīíéсõăôNñva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
áâõïõñVr	áâõïõñVríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
òшrюîîópțor	òшrюîîópțoria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
õ'țеjxшòīar	õ'țеjxшòīem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
rbūælvàçSdre	rbūælvàçSeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
íM-īótMюr	íM-īótMюrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
uhе âcar	uhе âqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Cjéțcè scr	Cjéțcè scran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ьuíã·stē-r	ьuíã·stē-r	V;NFIN;catalan
phшSnar	phшSnessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
'еfzüaeNȳēar	'еfzüaeNȳēem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ēufæеpnzar	ēufæеpnzés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
 ūvawçr	 ūvawçrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
o-æîjar	o-æîjéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
bçdoaar	bçdoaa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
yшсqсar	yшсqсi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
исâõñêaîar	исâõñêaîessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
юmāãúṣaōïqar	юmāãúṣaōïqàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ìbzêòr	ìbzêòssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
'jçhípdre	'jçhípguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
сreztpr	сreztprien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
áīuāüz ar	áīuāüz àreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
nеîkkōaãиjar	nеîkkōaãиgéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
qSfȳьt āar	qSfȳьt āés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
bnúеôbṣpõãar	bnúеôbṣpõãessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
òlc ōț·r	òlc ōț·va	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
óìșбíâviьr	óìșбíâviьves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
qèüīüuú·ь'jar	qèüīüuú·ь'gessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ȳçqSrèãȳtar	ȳçqSrèãȳtes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
üîсptüóvre	üîсptüóvut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
сèdàbjôlâèar	сèdàbjôlâèà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ṣ·qoüțòar	ṣ·qoüțòí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
lxēñиîtr	lxēñиîtt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
rúwçmtre	rúwçmt	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
āȳе еюr	āȳе еюes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ñюgēVñбr	ñюgēVñбva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
āăãSuбpсéòr	āăãSuбpсéòran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
șșævьb'ōr	șșævьb'ōres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
cïm-ySr	cïm-ySr	V;NFIN;catalan
zīăìèzar	zīăìèzin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
îaôw'ō Var	îaôw'ō Vis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
īfóqgó шbr	īfóqgó шbts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
rVáV'ôōlar	rVáV'ôōlàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
·bõlNïar	·bõlNïi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ògēñzr	ògēñzr	V;NFIN;catalan
t aVbìr	t aVbìva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
шòvñuvvr	шòvñuvvren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ülxxoáar	ülxxoáeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
 o·Súȳnr	 o·Súȳnran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
шqțáCr	шqțáCria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ăytüăer	ăytüăeven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ïóеhdôêre	ïóеhdôêin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
eòwráõiMar	eòwráõiMin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
hākãsóиzïr	hākãsóиzïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
hăōciar	hăōcieu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ȳíwçèóuar	ȳíwçèóués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
шæsnpáïbïāar	шæsnpáïbïāí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
kõsVāar	kõsVāuin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
õvūèе ьr	õvūèе ьran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
āṣáсSgr	āṣáсSgt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
сwfăvr	сwfăvrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
lhlăVSиsèixer	lhlăVSиseguis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
úmíxælôar	úmíxælôeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
r-éúór-se	r-éúóda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ã-țoñiuêcar	ã-țoñiuêquessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ēSáràVxMar-se	ēSáràVxMí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
nāāzSar	nāāzSàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
rț·eēmāñ·zr	rț·eēmāñ·zts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
qițílmr	qițílmré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
kNpp'óí·ikar	kNpp'óí·iki	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
īñõāwõazzmr	īñõāwõazzmríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
lñdìlVçōiȳar	lñdìlVçōiȳeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ȳ·geṣà'uprenir	ȳ·geṣà'upringut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
иñșéàqéar	иñșéàqéà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
fvēmьvyir	fvēmьvyeix	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
îíūsséfr	îíūsséfren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ṣhjūcar	ṣhjūca	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
xúmьcgCuérr	xúmьcgCuérr	V;NFIN;catalan
xēñp z·ar	xēñp z·i	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
-õõsìqòôNеr	-õõsìqòôNеdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
trVâsnr	trVâsnren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
swúêVrir	swúêVrís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
vqVîwüîsr	vqVîwüîsva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
epãбuar	epãбuin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
țMjfюçãS'êar	țMjfюçãS'êem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
eïāuíar	eïāuía	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
âuèáêr	âuèáênt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
púlșVūr	púlșVūva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ēMêīcàir	ēMêīcàeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
āòāçSr	āòāçSria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
wïxțVbbôr	wïxțVbbôren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
âcklvlpoōar	âcklvlpoōessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
rVìzfS r	rVìzfS t	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ìzdaишdre	ìzdaишgué	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
țrīēmqfеar	țrīēmqfеéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
êüzSzpér	êüzSzpéven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
eveâsóш jüar	eveâsóш jüàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
s'Cj ràíoMar	s'Cj ràíoMeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
àиNaçx иïCe	àиNaçx иïCà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ссroopzr	ссroopzríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
vk ñCæçuàr	vk ñCæçuàres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
jiniбìir	jiniбìis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
òțбêēvr	òțбêēvré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ēôV·ērê aar	ēôV·ērê aeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ьémбbcpñrdar	ьémбbcpñrdes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
îNCeàr	îNCeàreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
reg·Mévīìjr	circ·Mévīìjren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
óèиюmkãеr	óèиюmkãеda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ezóâàrīqsar	ezóâàrīqsa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
çóêüC-țóóбr	çóêüC-țóóбríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
юéãôæïçar	юéãôæïçàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
hīñtьur	hīñtьurem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ehàî-nеê'er	ehàî-nеê'dreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
bCсūxèNțjar	bCсūxèNțja	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
âõaеCVwr	âõaеCVwrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
jxñdãr	jxñdãu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ōăgmM-ónar	ōăgmM-ónàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ñü·'hS-ar	ñü·'hS-is	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
xçæīсôe èar	xçæīсôe èi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
lrlиkVæãēwar	lrlиkVæãēweu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ă iшēfêvgar	ă iшēfêvgeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
hjfV-Cììшir	hjfV-Cììшíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
wițblúar	wițblúàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
īșшṣNüîõrr	īșшṣNüîõren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
бyṣūwnеñr	бyṣūwnеñen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
tfqklzõìāre	tfqklzõìāuda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ūāăsvSáar	ūāăsvSáà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ydNшéсílr	ydNшéсílria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
beиcæēdar	beиcæēdem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
fzçìCever	fzçìCeuries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
èēăwüar	èēăwüàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ãSô-șãar	ãSô-șãà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
zãììscar	zãììsqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
'·VtCébàwljar	'·VtCébàwlgés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ófwvjìjúSr	ófwvjìjúSven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
-шèeqær	-шèeqæves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
dæòxçṣr	dæòxçṣràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
õtlVyòūr	õtlVyòūres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
óibюypar	óibюypin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
qhæènțăõeNar	qhæènțăõeNa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
еs'юôșnăüer	еs'юôșnăüeves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
бṣàv--ōtr	бṣàv--ōtré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
aèóm·òbar	aèóm·òbem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
bȳîсpdcar	bȳîсpdqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
bhhеddxсr	bhhеddxсrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
íееtишáōgōjar	íееtишáōgōgis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
 сyánàzшr	 сyánàzшran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
Võō-āMújar	Võō-āMúgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
îáçkșir	îáçkșís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
u·ãìpbбar	u·ãìpbбin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
bæбüüõr	bæбüüõnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ūüèèyCar	ūüèèyCuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
nūaVè'r	nūaVè'da	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
tсьéüz ă'r	tсьéüz ă't	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
zí-îxar	zí-îxa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
юz ySюsr	юz ySюsria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
hCóiáqzîaьar	hCóiáqzîaьo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
qViìеăar	qViìеăis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
liñīM ·b-·ar	liñīM ·b-·essin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
еx't-ñór	еx't-ñóres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
a шшèшrvair	a шшèшrvaeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
âMüiMr	âMüiMts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ēṣbMеwбōár	ēṣbMеwбōária	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ysõшtâбCr	ysõшtâбCria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ьȳúVēfvncmr	ьȳúVēfvncmran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
·grNìiîar	·grNìiîues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
·zpãñüṣer	·zpãñüṣeres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
êwxlpr	êwxlprem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ïà-bdar	ïà-bdàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
еóéuitōьr	еóéuitōьríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ōkьcòōьure	ōkьcòōьguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
õctoSī-ar	õctoSī-em	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
сèhбāīáar	сèhбāīáï	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
èaì'ijar	èaì'ijí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
Nc'·hér	Nc'·héria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
p âMjïar	p âMjïem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
MCиñrder	MCиñrts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ñgmсñjkõNar	ñgmсñjkõNis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
mjúòlсícâшar	mjúòlсícâшessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
Nêсpíсtr	Nêсpíсtries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ìс ü·lõd-r	ìс ü·lõd-u	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ñțóeãdr	ñțóeãdríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
Vȳêixr	Vȳêixran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
æctrõr	æctrõràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
rqzюьxNr	rqzюьxNres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ȳēæzîjr	ȳēæzîjria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
NюīōêdtCaиr	NюīōêdtCaиnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
x oàívgar	x oàívgàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Nzà·âhçær	Nzà·âhçæven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
àbîūюar	àbîūюàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
 ьȳюïáhenir	 ьȳюïáhinguts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
àlN ōr	àlN ōdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
jюā'MdōSar	jюā'MdōSessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
xūāòjúNar	xūāòjúNéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
zâóæxir	zâóæxïm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
hбi'иuz-ure	hбi'иuz-u	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
aSюeïæônoшr	aSюeïæônoшré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
иVôūkúrâbbr	иVôūkúrâbbva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
x'șvhôeбxar	x'șvhôeбxa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ñūēókșar	ñūēókși	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ьdîшqîæçâaar	ьdîшqîæçâaa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
țdìxçór	țdìxçóré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
pēõôātoêir	pēõôātoêíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
fVúьsêir	fVúьsêiríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
fșsádеàSôer	fșsádеàSôeven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
бьcăȳNürnr	бьcăȳNürnda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ut'MVvar	ut'MVvi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
màsCSar	màsCSa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
wòézñãōar	wòézñãōa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
óõôшьur	óõôшьunt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ïw·ṣáār	ïw·ṣáāves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
·MkekVìăaōr	·MkekVìăaōrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
·uеòlṣqēar	·uеòlṣqēa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
çrțdVò ȳr	çrțdVò ȳves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ṣngèíMnMpoar	ṣngèíMnMpoueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
úâēògxṣcar	úâēògxṣquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ȳkNeq-lkr	ȳkNeq-lkràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
õúîòиdьr	õúîòиdьva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
āyбmūjãkfure	āyбmūjãkfguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
k ·dçrar-se	k ·dçressis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ggüīсêp òr	ggüīсêp òré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
иãìbiSб·e-r	иãìbiSб·e-da	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
céCúxr	céCúxva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ьqîиpṣpmzcar	ьqîиpṣpmzcen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
üèMбȳir	üèMбȳíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ræñhūàț-áar	ræñhūàț-áàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
jükõñar	jükõñin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
üúNéxìhïüar	üúNéxìhïüa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
cxāōсlure	cxāōсlguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ïñбăòncõīar	ïñбăòncõīo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Cctqrçiюüir	Cctqrçiюüits	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
Vбăô-ar	Vбăô-a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ṣòãtюpúìãnr	ṣòãtюpúìãnva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
çoãṣnr	çoãṣnrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
fàcṣàiur	fàcṣàiuran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
mșaiSr	mșaiSr	V;NFIN;catalan
gūюăōr	gūюăōríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
óōàylьir	óōàylьí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
syuîNïoar	syuîNïoo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
zólmȳíбgar	zólmȳíбgem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
țdõóíxьțrìure	țdõóíxьțrìsquérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
üæîìшéьtæîr	üæîìшéьtæîries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
afssìūxîcr	afssìūxîcnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
Clñьēqȳюr	Clñьēqȳюz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
îòbêȳajer	îòbêȳajât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
wf·tbá n-er	wf·tbá n-asses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
Vkșgîôxgindre	Vkșgîôxgmons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
îṣbõà-er	îṣbõà-e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
MsnsúăиNvr	MsnsúăиNvrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
gôôеVSăer	gôôеVSăe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ænthalìher	ænthalìhant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
SVçoîVüúfer	SVçoîVüúfâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
r epìvuer	r epìvue	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
иâēсCdиySr	иâēсCdиySr	V;NFIN;french
éünș r	éünș s	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ôgzznnюȳr	ôgzznnюȳras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
aúбjzș-sr	aúбjzș-sra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
úhgiCr	úhgiCras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
õêãluибfïr	õêãluибfïront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ьâ ēñer	en ьâ ēñant	V.CVB;PRS;french
çvēsçer	çvēsçait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
íьôō-yā·āer	íьôō-yā·āassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
MбēSàétāеeer	MбēSàétāеeât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
·șáxìr	·șáxìrois	V;COND;2;SG;french
-gсmñr	-gсmñs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ăSvkvmi·yer	ăSvkvmi·yions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
èldúñVṣâbver	èldúñVṣâbve	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
õníș'er	õníș'é	V.PTCP;PST;french
oēюfxōündre	en oēюfxōügnant	V.CVB;PRS;french
țjōyṣlMīôyer	țjōyṣlMīôyassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ēèqxüer	ēèqxüaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
шtfeīțîrr	шtfeīțîrra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
àăCțáoīèõr	àăCțáoīèõrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
geīìVúr	geīìVúriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
büpюV ē·ñer	büpюV ē·ñâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
nïâjьcr	nïâjьcraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
íīăVēūpsr	íīăVēūpsrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
vwkõьìsr	vwkõьìsrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
õōdïìúer	õōdïìúasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
cõnhțier	cõnhțeriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
éòeșãtãīqõr	éòeșãtãīqõnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
êîeuиâ·sȳer	êîeuиâ·sȳiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
îãōzêæï·èèler	îãōzêæï·èèus	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
rиniñnииer	rиniñnииais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
hбüsṣțïicúr	hбüsṣțïicúrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ógqí-éeaire	ógqí-éeîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
úбNшgfwиhr	úбNшgfwиhra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ăkьtl-éer	ăkьtl-éassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
Cāzçeer	Cāzçea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
yïюhшàèēer	yïюhшàèēiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
eōçúVhSVer	eōçúVhSVâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
îüôhrôer	îüôhrôât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
óükúêer	óükúêe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
çrleVlāhțr	çrleVlāhțraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
șăȳūêсñfàer	șăȳūêсñfàais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
gqбNíиNler	gqбNíиNla	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
șkțpьr	șkțpьz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ēõæoqéswēer	ēõæoqéswēai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
xmyñêiьier	xmyñêiьasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
Vèáæāțeber	Vèáæāțebèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
uvìqcīrw'er	uvìqcīrw'e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
íweü r	íweü rez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
àиk tvr	àиk tvs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
iшăbūdwēãer	iшăbūdwēãe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
 Vсбfer	 Vсбfe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ãMîzиçòōSier	ãMîzиçòōSasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
fóiíMбôer	fóiíMбôe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
élgиM'er	élgиM'assiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
îțuater	îțuatassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
mrbçиper	mrbçиpâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
шgõaCer	шgõaCassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
wêóyшlgиr	wêóyшlgиrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ñsSîNSūúer	ñsSîNSūúe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
rqtvüñāṣr	rqtvüñāṣr	V;NFIN;french
nāìáxòбïSîer	nāìáxòбïSîa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
æááõбьer	æááõбьa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
e·ahVш'ôșer	e·ahVш'ôșssoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
æеīvòьvсr	æеīvòьvсssions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
chrēñăr	chrēñăras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
țçșüâюēébúndre	țçșüâюēébúgnissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
VăürñæôC·sier	VăürñæôC·seroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
ȳțoèșríier	ȳțoèșríoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
íṣfgãăCæüēer	íṣfgãăCæüēais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
óсâânqrrôbr	óсâânqrrôbrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
Væhîàòōoyer	Væhîàòōerrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
pSpсиgk'er	pSpсиgk'asse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
rCaïюyr	rCaïюyrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
 M'măoțer	 M'măoțas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
îuvṣúétrer	îuvṣúètre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ūíóæCvr	ūíóæCvriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
aēõ·ìéoī vndre	aēõ·ìéoī vgnoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
cṣjNwvper	cṣjNwvpassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
CífșíVиer	CífșíVиais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
uȳkrqr	uȳkrqras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
scюōt'er	tcюōt'asses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
îrсȳaеàæe	îrсȳaеàæons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
·æèæor	·æèæos	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ēṣáVælæer	ēṣáVælæe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
 rSбãбòãr	 rSбãбòãssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
xuNrîìr	xuNrîìrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
Sgóшqr	Sgóшqrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
еïиwâuшàшer	еïиwâuшàшe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
àhqnçсvgérer	àhqnçсvgèreriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
oqȳNcæôúr	oqȳNcæôúnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
Vgàìnuòâēr	Vgàìnuòâēt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
SṣyúиMer	SṣyúиMez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
tCôhhṣïr	tCôhhṣïraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
uVômiucr	uVômiucnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
иéiȳqnr	иéiȳqns	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ãáāьōòs'jer	ãáāьōòs'je	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
dțqбgkōçwșer	dțqбgkōçwșant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ñvà'nr	ñvà'nssant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ȳьvdNōà-udr	ȳьvdNōà-udriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
jüæьkṣer	jüæьkṣassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
īrlrser	īrlrse	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ãdüâōóer	ãdüâōóais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
pbæaVVqõuбr	pbæaVVqõuбr	V;NFIN;french
rōggæeșér	rōggæeșér	V;NFIN;french
uьvdïõõkSer	uьvdïõõkSais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
àwṣбMr	àwṣбMrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
rȳc áMer	rȳc áMais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
țêṣúūîсüter	țêṣúūîсütassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
íãCìjcàsсr	íãCìjcàsсrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ñīèèēsoиr	ñīèèēsoиrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
uăеīãṣr	uăеīãṣnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
iē'vxcúqàer	iē'vxcúqàe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ñюеíür	ñюеíüs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
юшțNúósMéler	юшțNúósMèle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
rеăàòеer	rеăàòеassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ü·fíkir	ü·fíkeraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
еõ·-rшțbger	еõ·-rшțbge	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ăȳiçшer	ăȳiçшe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
çòüdber	çòüdbiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
éūíhțñèer	éūíhțñèé	V.PTCP;PST;french
âièсo'èsVwr	âièсo'èsVwrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
máòæNjhSáer	máòæNjhSáiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
fиxçēr	fиxçēt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ūeuüèngõuer	ūeuüèngõue	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
óăṣìrr	óăṣìrrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
tьó-xñìâiïr	tьó-xñìâiïz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
áбñpqer	áбñpqèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
oâmbō er	oâmbō iez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
vMxVēykшer	vMxVēykшâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
 ditüer	 ditüastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
иșCюaьêer	иșCюaьêions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ījțūīțìer	ījțūīțìâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
бtfeюçer	бtfeюçassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
mèîíàCer	mèîíàCas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
xmêjber	xmêjbons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
āCqNțer	āCqNțé	V.PTCP;PST;french
'ācсçōfr	'ācсçōfront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
vìzï pbīïaer	vìzï pbīïaons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
õéā-áāNéṣer	õéā-áāNéṣé	V.PTCP;PST;french
gétūēiīer	gétūēiīasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
dțNçh-ãer	dțNçh-ãais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ìíшfșṣre	ìíшfșṣe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
yóúáбì·ādner	yóúáбì·ādnai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
smȳæfar	smȳæfariez	V;COND;2;PL;french
măc Vṣwfvüer	măc Vṣwfvüais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
 vеhõūner	 vеhõūna	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
êrāCшkю·àfer	êrāCшkю·às	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
éīîpx'úoeter	éīîpx'úoète	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ījü-úfber	ījü-úfbassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
lNòd'thȳéner	lNòd'thȳènerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
èūdüâīīer	èūdüâīīiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
iqvgSiṣScer	iqvgSiṣSçant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
â-doȳюoñer	â-doȳюoñèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
бnòhббVcer	бnòhббVcasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ьjS·thьoìier	ьjS·thьoìes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
òêzôиï āzkr	òêzôиï āzknt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
Cbăqèṣюer	Cbăqèṣюions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
oī'юfūr	oī'юfūra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
· kirõbõеer	· kirõbõеions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
sMôāìuòr	sMôāìuòssez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ksbMæбígdóer	ksbMæбígdóèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
êçèfwìãr	êçèfwìãrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
vjísgațьăbr	vjísgațьăbrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
xriüéïâôvõer	xriüéïâôvõiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
шyóс'dôīȳer	шyóс'dôīȳiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ṣrVtVdánūr	ṣrVtVdánūrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ăçеhmkr	ăçеhmks	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
qțuèшisïr	qțuèшisïssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
jn Sесьșïger	jn Sесьșïjames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
çMrhyer	çMrhye	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
еybеefuser	еybеefuse	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
gpcloer	gpcloe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
nqwâāer	nqwâāé	V.PTCP;PST;french
 wõюșlēer	 wõюșlēassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ṣî-fVr	ṣî-fVra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
àækyver	àækyvèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
nñüvoâēsáer	nñüvoâēsáe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
shçīìȳqūker	shçīìȳqūkiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
CwcyāoūôõVr	CwcyāoūôõVz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ṣgū'ț r	ṣgū'ț s	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
zíjșter	zíjștasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
woāṣdьber	woāṣdьbe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ăïñțwéòcrer	ăïñțwéòcre	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
káóṣcãr	káóṣcãnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
fpïюêhüer	fpïюêhüai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ēṣcoqьaer	ēṣcoqьaons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ãâæȳdȳțeṣâr	ãâæȳdȳțeṣâr	V;NFIN;french
āьșowkxær	āьșowkxæz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
mnNeVēr	mnNeVēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
iãsиòder	iãsиòdais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
юdēffbьṣr	юdēffbьṣront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
áôogñer	áôogñé	V.PTCP;PST;french
æóēēüjérer	æóēēüjèrerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
unwbeṣer	unwbeṣassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
oM-úñkr	oM-úñkra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
gwúñōjiler	gwúñōjiaut	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
âgțăxer	âgțăxe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
еțūxrCьcer	еțūxrCьcât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
vèȳs-àãr	vèȳs-àãrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ããæ'êævoááer	ããæ'êævoááant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
qútâăNюnõer	qútâăNюnõe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
òȳṣṣSțpãcer	òȳṣṣSțpãça	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
gsãшsōïāver	gsãшsōïāvions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
шãïúer	шãïúez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ōèVōãdțūaòer	ōèVōãdțūaòât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
āèòõüdāō'er	āèòõüdāō'èrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
çțôtnwder	çțôtnwdait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ôtôșăïșS·ger	ôtôșăïșS·gassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ūâiīSçíer	ūâiīSçíe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
-umr·zéșer	-umr·zéșas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ójxlúçúи èir	ójxlúçúи èîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
üájèbyifuyr	üájèbyifuyz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
extrairhr'nçe	hr'nçN	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ãьrȳșàódier	ãьrȳșàódent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
eьesæcшer	eьesæcшé	V.PTCP;PST;french
juìzòlàsñшr	jüìzòlàsñшriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
é·iwîá-mer	é·iwîá-mons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
tăoqíger	tăoqígions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
lhșüubā·jr	lhșüubā·jz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
õjdиímūer	õjdиímūé	V.PTCP;PST;french
àb oáooсlr	àb oáooсlssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ig·dófòxàюr	ig·dófòxàюnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
èṣtшCюшеãNer	èṣtшCюшеãNons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
îkēéóàwēer	îkēéóàwēant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
oNééсzblhóer	se oNééсzblhóe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
сdàmvēnæMer	сdàmvēnæMe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ç·ofwer	ç·ofwons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ēăьшáæīNNer	ēăьшáæīNNait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ṣбikțler	ṣбikțlons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
qòáitеmke	qòáitеmkaient	V;COND;3;PL;french
zddçv ò-Nãer	zddçv ò-Nãassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
âmиejer	âmиejé	V.PTCP;PST;french
Nèoе óoeíșer	Nèoе óoeíșât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
'óțiNāбer	'óțiNāбant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
kCvéfюCcdáer	kCvéfюCcdáâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
gNtāéțīr	gNtāéțīrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ié·vxjhbcer	ié·vxjhbcassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
шhîãtpwr	шhîãtpwrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
nññzShlxfṣever	nññzShlxfṣèveras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
õìC'w tvеr	õìC'w tvеnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
C·jāãțhïr	C·jāãțhïroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
ī êMеpsь-r	ī êMеpsь-ras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ōpūà-бqyr	ōpūà-бqyraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
bæbбṣюçêuger	bæbбṣюçêugons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
pîfóūæ·ar	pîfóūæ·az	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
òóy'êār	òóy'êārez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
lMȳhàjțer	lMȳhàjțas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
wuoSõer	wuoSõé	V.PTCP;PST;french
NñxCxsere	NñxCxseent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
sàq Ser	sàq Siez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
иæшSãêer	иæшSãêât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ésnșür	ésnșürais	V;COND;1;SG;french
â búúpwer	â búúpwons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
jziváer	jziváons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ēèüdp dr	ēèüdp dront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
сCôzбlюcier	сCôzбlюçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
Cā'·vãler	Cā'·vãlions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
·eãюțzîūCier	·eãюțzîūCa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
üòàoьer	üòàoьs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
īōSsсиaúôr	īōSsсиaúônt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
dȳxqâ-qbVgier	dȳxqâ-qbVjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
īSâūutñéder	īSâūutñède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
oсãáúьюêcer	oсãáúьюêcé	V.PTCP;PST;french
êq'sóиcâer	êq'sóиcâe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
aīòîvìêcyr	aīòîvìêcyssais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
fõȳwețr	fõȳwețras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
шâ ktṣȳwr	шâ ktṣȳwz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ìèîüìer	ìèîüìe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
mâzâãmóáâr	mâzâãmóáârions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ăăāizòpr	ăăāizòpriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
uāwegier	uāwegoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
êiābsr	êiābsras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ьțaсār	ьțaсāroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
Cátȳиáf-er	Cátȳиáf-assiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
Móyvïútr	Móyvïútrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
găшñсer	găшñсe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ūNkíȳr	ūNkíȳras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
êvõàéàr	êvõàéàz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
'-iêwеșèker	'-iêwеșèkons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
djïēāïàì Vr	djïēāïàì Vras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
twcе'r	twcе'ront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
luāïmçyxer	luāïmçyxe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
êmțkêer	êmțkêassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
çōVítógr	çōVítógrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
óàvìòmer	óàvìòme	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
óáiõãбier	óáiõãбe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
brævüsügiīr	brævüsügiīs	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ñôuūòr	ñôuūòrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
rêüōiõ·ô'r	rêüōiõ·ô'z	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
pjсNьr	pjсNьs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
'юеeèer	'юеeèoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ósànMpéjï er	ósànMpéjï ais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ñaãyс·bīuòr	ñaãyс·bīuòs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
üçюïMșāē·r	üçюïMșāē·r	V;NFIN;french
ōш·Vem·ver	ōш·Vem·viez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ïбzțóNr	ïбzțóNsses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
connnqшiyôsâr	nnqшiyôsâiens	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Cweōæeêer	Cweōæeêe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ïuàñ'nôr	ïuàñ'nôs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ôicьiьr	ôicьiьrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
áv-Sber	áv-Sbasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ьæâoьqñõsr	ьæâoьqñõsra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
юbóvâr	юbóvârais	V;COND;1;SG;french
lnțиьюàăer	lnțиьюàăèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ríе'vôñȳr	ríе'vôñȳront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
еylæVr	еylæVz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
drnбáôr	drnбáôrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
·fézȳñwqr	·fézȳñwqs	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ãxtãīqVãver	ãxtãīqVãva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
kеznnõâāier	kеznnõâāasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
bnçééyacr	bnçééyacrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ñtávàñnюe-r	ñtávàñnюe-rons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
tìoāvMõōer	tìoāvMõōâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
bSéén-er	bSéén-assiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
cюōster	cюōstiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
àcôuṣvcîăer	àcôuṣvcîăe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
agV ȳșgçCr	agV ȳșgçCrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
æṣūyïtìr	æṣūyïtìz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
иñbâțnNьer	иñbâțnNьons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ìçy Cwtçr	ìçy Cwtçz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ãxzãj·ñxéìer	en ãxzãj·ñxéìant	V.CVB;PRS;french
gòoxêïàher	gòoxêïàhaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
C'ñеā·r	C'ñеā·nt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
p--īyzühr	p--īyzührons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
âüбxumder	âüбxumde	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
иiaшãñnôower	иiaшãñnôowiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
pūăâwüôer	pūăâwüôant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
i-âī·sșier	i-âī·sșassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
еpiõáēner	еpiõáēnas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ìkfqисáñr	ìkfqисáñrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
zíīcȳxgier	zíīcȳxjoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
màeíēã-șer	màeíēã-șassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
æțrшê·er	æțrшê·ions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
õhîzpеūīvсr	õhîzpеūīvсs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
uóããbdCer	uóããbdCe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
q·lãōèșér	q·lãōèșént	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
uyб ïgçafшr	uyб ïgçafшraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
wlnkSübeõr	wlnkSübeõas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
īaōșãlvser	īaōșãlvse	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ьãțæMèțer	ьãțæMèțassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ï·еàêêlSer	ï·еàêêlSaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
MswúMșdșer	MswúMșdșiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ācg·âṣer	ācg·âṣais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
SMțwêaître	SMțwêus	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ruȳvṣhener	ruȳvṣhèneriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
M--qiȳvṣсr	M--qiȳvṣсz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
иеóãìckædиer	иеóãìckædиions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
иggюtmózбcr	иggюtmózбcront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
еâàțfsSvêēier	еâàțfsSvêēant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
bï·rē-er	bï·rē-assiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
'lôtjdr	'lôtjdons	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
p'híwzer	p'híwzant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ṣtb -íer	en ṣtb -íant	V.CVB;PRS;french
'êñMwer	'êñMwassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
jlíи éVgí-er	jlíи éVgí-aient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
Mюzõôxer	Mюzõôxasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ăṣббóȳ'ïr	ăṣббóȳ'ïs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
îãôșțúõer	îãôșțúõais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
îhwéjer	en îhwéjant	V.CVB;PRS;french
vlcwCSr	vlcwCSroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
īæшȳMgăúbier	īæшȳMgăúbasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
еюîlиēgеr	еюîlиēgеrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
nqúuxr	nqúuxrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
âgvòõNwtbNier	âgvòõNwtbNe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
âlrōēēȳr	âlrōēēȳssaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
èшvfCæor	èшvfCæorais	V;COND;1;SG;french
júkиюu'îeler	júkиюu'îèlerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
oæêtōár	oæêtōáraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
tôgьăôèиCèr	tôgьăôèиCèrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
óiиyиír	óiиyиírais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ь иīfbюChr	ь иīfbюChr	V;NFIN;french
bōácóиu'îer	bōácóиu'îèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
iōúhpâer	iōúhpâoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
Spūpáūqȳjăer	Spūpáūqȳjăé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ocāyVer	ocāyVassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
êcài séúíer	êcài séúíant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ümzúNmder	ümzúNmdassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ăNwsьer	ăNwsьai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
есê·еñter	есê·еñt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ōhòe-òьor	ōhòe-òьoz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
'jqVSāṣеюer	'jqVSāṣеюera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ñpqfrȳïæñer	ñpqfrȳïæñassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ăvæībȳqïzer	ăvæībȳqïzant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
gjvșшиìqêиr	gjvșшиìqêиr	V;NFIN;french
ôôæñmàíápourvoir	ôôæñmàíávu	V.PTCP;PST;french
еôсktшбr	еôсktшбr	V;NFIN;french
yȳьìsíSr	yȳьìsíSrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ép·ūõier	ép·ūõeroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
drиküñбïēer	drиküñбïēassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
CïēîVyhī-r	CïēîVyhī-ssent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
üuzīájer	üuzīáje	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
páíga lSftre	páíga lSfsse	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
õñàā·jȳier	õñàā·jȳasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
jюеõãêôñ-r	jюеõãêôñ-rai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ütúápúvãSсer	ütúápúvãSсasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
āoéăá-Mòjder	āoéăá-Mòjdasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
lê·yȳkr	lê·yȳkrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
nиraz'ber	nиraz'bassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
kmèübôvjïer	kmèübôvjïiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
çónlwāer	çónlwāait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ēïȳéjxáj'yr	ēïȳéjxáj'yrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
vãCюшmr	vãCюшmront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
iüюbMóer	iüюbMóas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
geêșîшюr	geêșîшюs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
yémíïer	yémíïé	V.PTCP;PST;french
íCíMhāеr	íCíMhāеnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
'ēïozer	'ēïozais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
buюtíCéser	buюtíCèsent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
çæçj aer	çæçj ates	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
wqoãïgêæ-fr	wqoãïgêæ-fz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ívpkíșшer	ívpkíșшâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
еéCūиepp āger	еéCūиepp ājoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
āõūīlr	āõūīlai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
юèpîrhíșgбr	юèpîrhíșgбr	V;NFIN;french
ăküòюăer	ăküòюăiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
rjṣōdásvkjer	rjṣōdásvkjaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
сȳãâyMMer	сȳãâyMMons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
á ăNôüVr	á ăNôüVrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
șæāyṣõfūr	șæāyṣõfūrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
üеtṣūõer	üеtṣūõions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
īōlúūàãsбr	īōlúūàãsбraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
vyиеиhdr	vyиеиhds	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
îȳdgMwïNbr	îȳdgMwïNbra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
sqēròSaire	sqēròSerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
vrzàūuéder	vrzàūuède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
òyeoîtáēr	òyeoîtáērions	V;COND;1;PL;french
Sèēufбăuȳ'er	Sèēufбăuȳ'e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
éMêêmtr	éMêêmtroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ozqю-'pāer	en ozqю-'pāant	V.CVB;PRS;french
êVæòéer	êVæòéassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
õzñyāter	en õzñyātant	V.CVB;PRS;french
zȳíySȳnnqer	zȳíySȳnnqe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
aūuaăuyzer	aūuaăuyzé	V.PTCP;PST;french
hkõyеbēcéer	hkõyеbēcéai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
péêxāîúüker	péêxāîúükiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
xïæMiãțVoír	xïæMiãțVoírais	V;COND;1;SG;french
oræȳìeyíier	oræȳìeyíerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ïш Vxr	ïш Vxz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
cætсȳvzíuir	cætсȳvzíuons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ümCìyсà-ēer	ümCìyсà-ēais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
wôăxvære	wôăxvæsis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ih èár	ih èánt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
eōīеèar	eōīеèar	V;NFIN;french
MêVēьēer	MêVēьēe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
èécèēer	èécèēons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
xæб-ìúnVôre	xæб-ìúnVôs	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ȳèfèшééer	ȳèfèшééais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
сāVțklïfáier	сāVțklïfáerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
õс ēшãer	õс ēшãé	V.PTCP;PST;french
êюóșñ·шñVer	êюóșñ·шñVa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
núúN'er	núúN'e	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
āMjzüjer	āMjzüjât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
uwSōóCMr	uwSōóCMroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
õdṣâìíwmâюer	õdṣâìíwmâюasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ēăì'CáьêMer	ēăì'CáьêMastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
àMâzçrьMmer	àMâzçrьMmé	V.PTCP;PST;french
cnmMūиьñбir	cnmMūиьñбais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
aáeīzer	aáeīzissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
șpīôsòîsre	șpīôsòîsve	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
íbpizótNer	íbpizótNèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ôăiîVer	ôăiîVons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ȳ hzMxȳūūær	ȳ hzMxȳūūæs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
xíшwțter	xíшwțte	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
qSxpêpьбrçcer	qSxpêpьбrççâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
īNш·kkīțæver	īNш·kkīțæve	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
юqăcSer	s'юqăcSoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
īṣrïCr	īṣrïCras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
jVrg''eсàger	jVrg''eсàgât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
kúüâēáïūzür	kúüâēáïūzüz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ьnãç-r	ьnãç-ra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
iāìṣшw'ūer	iāìṣшw'ūions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
âñaãшfíuar	âñaãшfíuarions	V;COND;1;PL;french
еȳkш·fçьer	еȳkш·fçьions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
fюеàîбjler	fюеàîбjle	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ōbcæбdohr	ōbcæбdohs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
lбVzpṣSîr	lбVzpṣSîrois	V;COND;2;SG;french
íūy ūzsir	íūy ūzsîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
xțeâhиúēNr	xțeâhиúēNriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
íñzCеer	íñzCеai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
шuюVVkârăCr	шuюVVkârăCrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
qêеōâīююüür	qêеōâīююüüras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
bõāxãrȳger	bõāxãrȳge	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
wбurkȳer	wбurkȳassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ьшv-юwе-r	ьшv-юwе-rais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ubūæjеîușer	ubūæjеîușâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
æșïæ dȳñсner	æșïæ dȳñсnassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
lиú-æber	lиú-æbe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
yîbVсxr	yîbVсxrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
èMtujper	èMtujpons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
mn'hōCher	mn'hōChiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
otèērNăwjer	otèērNăwjai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
Sбucg·ēfer	Sбucg·ēfait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
jqbcqer	jqbcqe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
céawòsséner	céawòssènes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
óūеekre	óūеekssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
zí kâkьȳ·ïer	zí kâkьȳ·ïe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
d·ьñìșúеèêer	d·ьñìșúеèêiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
zkSсnîиèzr	zkSсnîиèzroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
шwúNúéer	шwúNúéoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
uàșúáíôr	uàșúáíôroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
иеиNúcer	иеиNúce	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ȳNukūdâêèer	ȳNukūdâêèasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
țūn sсâï'er	țūn sсâï'e	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
dh Nier	dh Nie	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
iîuánâñêer	iîuánâñêâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
īșMюьwīìбer	īșMюьwīìбa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
-æïqvūNer	-æïqvūNasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
VgáSïîиsïer	VgáSïîиsïa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
igfb-oîyr	igfb-oîyrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
ñïсшш·er	ñïсшш·ais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
éhеçèser	éhеçèsiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
сúȳșzVțcṣrr	сúȳșzVțcṣrras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ñæēyàсqVòer	ñæēyàсqVòe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
qășüȳyшôer	qășüȳyшôais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
g·āõSfóer	g·āõSfóais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ôașhиer	ôașhиé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ye-nçprSòṣer	ye-nçprSòṣons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
CMtüțyóñór	CMtüțyóñóz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
pîy íñVer	pîy íñVait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
îсïиójюfer	îсïиójюf	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ьcêxáer	ьcêxáassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
Sōсuèfшer	Sōсuèfшai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ānēишшer	ānēишшons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
xSáàxșíēVîer	xSáàxșíēVîé	V.PTCP;PST;french
oēṣuūer	oēṣuūoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
vôсțсNíoôer	vôсțсNíoôe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
țVyc'cer	țVyc'çons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ьkægêygș·r	ьkægêygș·ra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
eéí kéïxmr	eéí kéïxms	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
üçVиhãre	üçVиhãais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
шêpàsíCSer	шêpàsíCSassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ēhSgïépõāīr	ēhSgïépõāīr	V;NFIN;french
úxсăàсõer	úxсăàсõe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
wósdòìrçеīre	wósdòìrçеīisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
сюurdăr	сюurdăras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ōqțæwărrб-r	ōqțæwărrб-r	V;NFIN;french
ōdбoser	ōdбosions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ūïьțdītvar	ūïьțdītvarons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
fsma pьr	fsma pьs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
jбüíсer	jбüíсe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
êktw·tre	êktw·ssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
aéешloer	aéешloe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
țüwàmweiōer	țüwàmweiōâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
i ïăqr	i ïăqas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
zqōā'r	zqōā'rez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
бxrțoæxиr	бxrțoæxиraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ãjюâèer	ãjюâèiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
CāVpéfюr	CāVpéfюrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
òVïuāṣ-ire	òVïuāṣ-yait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
iïàófkēāer	iïàófkēāâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
NdьzMkúoer	NdьzMkúooit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
'ȳjSõe váēéder	'ȳjSõe váēède	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ēlsv'îōwlсer	ēlsv'îōwlсons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
psCdôūMîer	psCdôūMîe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
hūqшêr	hūqшêrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
сSăèü'õr	сSăèü'õriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ūnút'qбer	ūnút'qбiiens	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
igcȳMèȳr	igcȳMèȳssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
âшzlиp'бçâer	âшzlиp'бçâions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ю-èúïătre	ю-èúïătsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
æCkõbyīòir	æCkõbyīòiras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
víōMãhеSer	víōMãhеSassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
òūéjæuñ ber	òūéjæuñ be	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
óȳïúōsюббюr	óȳïúōsюббюr	V;NFIN;french
ăSábder	ăSábde	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
-ōēí'ywīlqr	-ōēí'ywīlqsses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
oшNòüôâãéer	oшNòüôâãéé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ïшhṣ Mr	ïшhṣ Mz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
иozuôòrr	иozuôòrrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ūgé--wxcțúer	ūgé--wxcțúasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
sqVu'áoir	sqVu'áoïssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
xìúеztVìser	xìúеztVìsèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
nçiãdvūer	nçiãdvūât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
SCăyaNher	SCăyaNhe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
-õós·çr	-õós·çriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ìaècéür	ìaècéürais	V;COND;1;SG;french
gбSēēícNpeler	gбSēēícNpèle	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
rīcCèюéuīer	rīcCèюéuīissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
MóàMCêшàCāer	en MóàMCêшàCāant	V.CVB;PRS;french
âȳtõìеr	âȳtõìеr	V;NFIN;french
Mējkær	Mējkærais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ãkêqduNtre	ãkêqduNṣisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
òșèúïr	òșèúïr	V;NFIN;french
Cbà-óeьz-еre	Cbà-óeьz-еait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ēoüáîюшr	ēoüáîюшrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
wṣșxMér	wṣșxMéras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ēȳksúсíCer	ēȳksúсíCais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
nMôеuиçбvdre	nMôеuиçбvez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
xasūàçfjenir	xasūàçfjiendra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
nȳoā'eesóer	nȳoā'eesóassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ìqșcker	ìqșckiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Nækimyzuer	Nækimyzuons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ç·Mbtsăìnére	ç·Mbtsăìnésaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
fs'gõer	fs'gõions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
Sșiæṣñéшe	Sșiæṣñéшons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
lбlzcèfâçèer	lбlzcèfâçèât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ïōqàoCer	ïōqàoCaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ôbæшībьêcer	ôbæшībьêçais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
wxșúю àyxбr	wxșúю àyxбs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
Ciqāgr	Ciqāgra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
úd-ăṣ ьare	úd-ăṣ ьasissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
сиNñãr	сиNñãr	V;NFIN;french
ád·oēūytăbr	ád·oēūytăbraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
óòcjòVâьṣer	óòcjòVâьṣassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
Mêgvízçqàír	Mêgvízçqàínt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
sōjxсȳher	sōjxсȳhâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
àюoюn'īVó-er	àюoюn'īVó-ions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
шnfbюMfver	шnfbюMfviez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
yōâàôõNçrr	yōâàôõNçrr	V;NFIN;french
aMnîēlș-uōrir	aMnîēlș-uōert	V.PTCP;PST;french
â·âjòșóõòăer	â·âjòșóõòăteraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
r-'á·ṣMбVher	r-'á·ṣMбVhe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
N'ümșеmgrer	en N'ümșеmgrant	V.CVB;PRS;french
bgNhCеãæèr	bgNhCеãæèrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
émȳṣсer	émȳṣсas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
üuCMìVilmr	üuCMìVilmrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
èăæhòèóger	èăæhòèóge	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
сCz-kVōMer	сCz-kVōMions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
q·ȳddêæer	q·ȳddêæais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
Stèõàïõõõer	Stèõàïõõõiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
NțrdMr	NțrdMz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
cüzṣær	cüzṣænt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
SqneõîNúúer	SqneõîNúúassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
õâюd'бueper	õâюd'бueperas	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ūșdăïīсer	ūșdăïīсa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ṣydòtr	ṣydòts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
boiēеéuãSбe	beēеéuãSбiiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
îõиuñț-er	îõиuñț-ai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ōhcoьpdéir	ōhcoьpdéîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
 юêéбgSar	 юêéбgSant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
xVuéюVpgïter	xVuéюVpgïtâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
mь·íāṣæxer	mь·íāṣæxât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
vCrlūṣápoer	vCrlūṣápoiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ákâuìūîvr	ákâuìūîvras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ñèà'āSūșr	ñèà'āSūșrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ôòseêñīdre	ôòseêñīsist	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
-vgkïьxyer	-vgkïьxie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
üælhìīkēMqr	üælhìīkēMqsse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ьCêõьer	ьCêõьames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
aṣõa'r·ñr	aṣõa'r·ñrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
æuçāíer	æuçāíais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
jèбб·ăkṣzôr	jèбб·ăkṣzôrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
í-jíküíVçoivre	í-jíküíVcevons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ōbòzììâxoôer	ōbòzììâxoôions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
æaбâõèbr	æaбâõèbnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ñь opiьww·r	ñь opiьww·rois	V;COND;1;SG;french
hсōīãбiēer	hсōīãбiēasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ggvæffbcúr	ggvæffbcúrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
dēkyīr	dēkyīz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
шìȳüaer	шìȳüaast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
gïkеēāсūēer	gïkеēāсūēons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
āâNî·er	āâNî·e	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
pwikíqçș'er	pwikíqçș'a	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
Mю eūāüúîier	Mю eūāüúîoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
fōMpōr	fōMpōssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
üеShèer	üеShèasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ȳúōȳvms æ er	ȳúōȳvms æ aient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
yātшæșer	yātшæșiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
àбCēеer	àбCēеassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
èæçîudьìer	èæçîudьìa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
èсcMеnxfer	èсcMеnxfoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
 юoòlàgillir	 юoòlàgudront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ōxéóṣūer	ōxéóṣūasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
M'Svçñr	M'Svçñra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
 'kīNиár	m' 'kīNиároie	V;COND;1;SG;french
 õîvmñ òer	 õîvmñ òèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
 dtā r	 dtā rions	V;COND;1;PL;french
íеȳaьódȳr	íеȳaьódȳssiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
çxa'xбdier	çxa'xбderoit	V;COND;3;SG;french
xêòbюróvūиer	xêòbюróvūиe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ō·hVir	ō·hVint	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
çṣbâîūüser	çṣbâîūüsaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
țblóñer	țblóñassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ṣiitjjder	ṣiitjjdiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ïãgñōōqr	ïãgñōōqz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
xnñàlvScvr	xnñàlvScvz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
òūеēSūrtr	òūеēSūrtroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
óeâCjñïCer	óeâCjñïCais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
géüṣȳôeapór	gèüṣȳôeapóra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
īyшbíāpíher	īyшbíāpíhions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
юkjās'zūyNer	юkjās'zūyNâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
·ălțklюer	·ălțklюait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
шyȳvōbèbgèer	шyȳvōbèbgèé	V.PTCP;PST;french
jVmSfder	jVmSfde	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
õêсāâákáиuer	õêсāâákáиua	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
șhh·yr	șhh·yras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
çuxeбer	çuxeбé	V.PTCP;PST;french
иnеṣvñer	иnеṣvñâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
íê-lèr	íê-lèriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
õèюSьitñшr	õèюSьitñшrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
fãȳșиtbîâсer	fãȳșиtbîâсé	V.PTCP;PST;french
țnūzxydier	țnūzxydent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
rбvíSrțer	rбvíSrțe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
бōúиouссāCier	бōúиouссāCoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
Nvtêòwàúer	Nvtêòwàúe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
spNāеīper	spNāеīpe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
fvæpjr	fvæpjr	V;NFIN;french
mkìqбer	mkìqбast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
VgCdxrșr	VgCdxrșra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
qüêîīr	qüêîīrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
üúfeèсr	üúfeèсrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
шīеdgdbìæger	шīеdgdbìægiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
põiúṣyăser	põiúṣyăsa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
x-zgâfüer	x-zgâfüons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
hçȳшãümre	hçȳшãümiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
èfjyòérer	èfjyòère	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
Mzwmgãier	Mzwmgãie	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
sqrūsnóшqler	sqrūsnóшqlassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
peóyüSMuȳàбìr	pèóyüSMuȳàбìrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
aknvāer	aknvāé	V.PTCP;PST;french
êürèMer	êürèMé	V.PTCP;PST;french
rNăьèṣăr	rNăьèṣăs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
òbêțàr	òbêțàrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
Nôyjçuer	Nôyjçuasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
óxāntgçár	óxāntgçárez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ñfyôīdòr	ñfyôīdòrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
tățïmwler	tățïmwlais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
êțьñișder	êțьñișdasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
àv·qētr	àv·qētnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
yțzñzíSer	yțzñzíSiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
 rōwȳr	 rōwȳr	V;NFIN;french
jăȳш-dòer	jăȳш-dòait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
сfM ür	сfM üra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ōюüôter	ōюüôte	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
Sсqkúсaçȳеer	Sсqkúсaçȳеât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
xī sūer	xī sūant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
hîcVôāqìcndre	hîcVôāqìcgne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
éaoæīеēr	éaoæīеērez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ăюáVюMîãyer	ăюáVюMîãyant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
eñṣôyMì-ær	eñṣôyMì-æs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
еsçæãìāôier	еsçæãìāôeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
cæôh·sèȳêler	cæôh·sèȳêle	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
èçkògqēăCer	èçkògqēăCât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
иkăíx'MNer	en иkăíx'MNant	V.CVB;PRS;french
âīīxCșMbüer	âīīxCșMbüe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ebpãéer	en ebpãéant	V.CVB;PRS;french
êbьswer	êbьswât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
æaoшôNбker	æaoшôNбke	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
Voēăúillir	Voēăúli	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
sиāîãr	sиāîãs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
Mãăṣrбírròr	Mãăṣrбírròrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ièamhcuãer	ièamhcuãassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
v damer	v damons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
wеSMæer	wеSMæas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ôSãbNjkier	ôSãbNjkeroiz	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
бaMzVñōr	бaMzVñōt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
wCā-jãjdier	wCā-jãjuz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
cúwшjer	cúwшje	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
āaïâēбãzr	āaïâēбãzr	V;NFIN;french
·õssсībúr	·õssсībúra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
mьraxdyìáwer	mьraxdyìáwais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
yïиéler	yïиélassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
wēnìokr	wēnìokra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
шkṣçààlãïser	шkṣçààlãïsèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
Nyì·ïòover	Nyì·ïòuissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
bôюygūdr	bôюygūdr	V;NFIN;french
ôúèōVrșeir	ôúèōVrșïstes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
SmãCìüwter	SmãCìüwtiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
īáōjâbndcr	īáōjâbndcrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
xC'ēóer	xC'ēóé	V.PTCP;PST;french
Mkàãșeer	Mkàãșeions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
taālqalar	taālqalaz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
èz ьvæèer	èz ьvæèe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
àôȳhæááâr	àôȳhæááâssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ьòtíшner	ьòtíшnâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ōïàеàîêer	ōïàеàîêais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
áêsSfendre	áêsSfît	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
-íūtюçáбer	-íūtюçáбe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
óxúêícȳSier	óxúêícȳSerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ôzâzõCkçèòr	ôzâzõCkçèòra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
êeV-mmâcker	en êeV-mmâckant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ṣïMdánțir	ṣïMdánți	V.PTCP;PST;french
mç'ct'qcNțr	mç'ct'qcNțraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
tìúôȳh·er	tìúôȳh·e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
шíVóьr	шíVóьrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
hNüpîïșăer	hNüpîïșăa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
uēwnбõãer	uēwnбõãâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
еüaïōūmMeer	еüaïōūmMeois	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
иeшеMyæráбer	иeшеMyæráбant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
vkyбraāoer	vkyбraāoai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
mofgær	mofgænt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
õgdôç'ăōèr	õgdôç'ăōèz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
vçiçMăvāăr	vçiçMăvāărais	V;COND;1;SG;french
jtlaróūeoir	jtlaróūoiriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
nrbôlr	nrbôlz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
июúюgìr	июúюgìriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
kòxegber	kòxegbions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
pшs бvьār	pшs бvьārons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
бMSbūer	бMSbūe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
îawȳ-ūnæшndre	îawȳ-ūnæшgnez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
qãṣṣçe'с'loir	qãṣṣçe'с'drez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
îuâSṣqíqūxer	îuâSṣqíqūxèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ç·çïâșôer	ç·çïâșôe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
șvoàsqder	șvoàsqdassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
юxrcīyer	юxrcīyai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ïиīxbseiеer	ïиīxbseiеe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
jñăïkеr	jñăïkеraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
dáьȳòcr	dáьȳòcrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
Vóбs-юer	Vóбs-юâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
șfmбç-ìMеüer	șfmбç-ìMеüiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
qcí·ьázȳ' er	qcí·ьázȳ' ions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
pfaínaüõtre	pfaínaüõsant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
āȳMăсñîиâer	en āȳMăсñîиâant	V.CVB;PRS;french
çNvbшlïtrkr	çNvbшlïtrkraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
VūMdюwìcer	VūMdюwìçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
í-mgázer	í-mgázaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
шhõæțer	шhõæțé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ihéqzr	ihéqzrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ndõdògæōеeérer	ndõdògæōеeèreront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
úóṣân  r	úóṣân  z	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ôNêîïьkãōor	ôNêîïьkãōoz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
àáMhшéáíer	àáMhшéáíoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ñfhâyôsōțter	ñfhâyôsōțte	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
шtîàiìāer	шtîàiìāe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
tïсñṣtnNór	tïсñṣtnNórais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ñш-vеçer	ñш-vеçaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
'àêīâer	'àêīâons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
êrçȳсaaær	êrçȳсaaænt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ñеæqxr	ñеæqxrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
yúṣroácer	yúṣroáçasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ixSñōdêòaer	ixSñōdêòaassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
'rsãеééyàer	'rsãеééyàe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
îūīçgétrer	îūīçgètres	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ьêwибVéer	ьêwибVés	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ălrюáter	ălrюátant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ēà'сṣhr	ēà'сṣhra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
y-õópàèr	y-õópàès	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
mñvífyer	mñvífierions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ãōvNțòer	ãōvNțòais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
āòhṣSmеsfr	āòhṣSmеsfrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
xīcițer	xīcițât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
āñüб·ier	āñüб·eassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
rìсáNôæââfer	rìсáNôæââfe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
áiṣеjer	áiṣеja	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
gó-ēàír	se gó-ēàíront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
āeà·vсóMaíre	āeà·vсóMaísais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ȳbgôger	ȳbgôgions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ïboSjíюîõjer	ïboSjíюîõjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
vô-hsòVàшmer	vô-hsòVàшmasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
mæqțēsüбwбer	mæqțēsüбwбions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
èüеrăшìеr	èüеrăшìеz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ōzăhiáüer	ōzăhiáüassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
иuюzoer	иuюzoions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
zæê-'pôr	zæê-'pôz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ṣxȳlàōéìbȳire	ṣxȳlàōéìbȳusse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
țrMãhher	țrMãhhions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
gïrvșCīæSūer	gïrvșCīæSūissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
àgьеrâvìōcer	àgьеrâvìōçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ãttazțìer	ãttazțìait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
иvrбēшgêr	иvrбēшgênt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
VzèSènñéer	VzèSènñéèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
сāбôéê mer	сāбôéê miez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ēiâș·ȳaòer	ēiâș·ȳaòâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
õaqnăāīer	õaqnăāīassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
hòzñoer	hòzñoaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
sюkcVmūnzer	sюkcVmūnzons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
kètē-ț·hsr	kètē-ț·hsront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
Mīuépíxhиer	Mīuépíxhиât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
rèúăеôtre	rèúăеôsoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
шíсNīсre	шíсNīсions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
íãîqõSer	íãîqõSé	V.PTCP;PST;french
qaìôôVmáãr	qaìôôVmáãrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
nbêēí næïer	nbêēí næïant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
êñtēMxlèr	êñtēMxlèras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
kôșēSer	kôșēSait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
dçēèiéyìîVr	dçēèiéyìîVnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
áбCôсyeūūxr	áбCôсyeūūxrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
Mîcāxqdíer	Mîcāxqdíiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
úcṣzCr	úcṣzCront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ē·VьVer	ē·VьVasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
àlaăшjenkèer	àlaăшjenkèe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
gnеléшi õõer	gnеléшi õõassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
y иhfgṣer	y иhfgṣait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
bvdāēăy-ær	bvdāēăy-æriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
șzȳããēyyVer	șzȳããēyyVassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
NāṣșíoțMer	NāṣșíoțMai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
шxṣeéèsjbr	шxṣeéèsjbr	V;NFIN;french
'xjá ihgVóer	'xjá ihgVóions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
шSțétāèer	шSțétāèast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
xwьCōzcènr	xwьCōzcènra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
gt'āNr	gt'āNrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
fñMțVăówer	fñMțVăówâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
jv·Sxșr	jv·Sxșrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
Còș·ōòbóer	Còș·ōòbóiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
íçqēïūr	íçqēïūrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ñéswuîюьnsr	ñéswuîюьnsnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
çkeēïmer	çkeēïma	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ūæсyôhшáàer	ūæсyôhшáàant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ts-ō·k'der	ts-ō·k'dâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ìæzsȳáшór	ìæzsȳáшóraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
șfççēj'qpr	șfççēj'qprez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
иïьmoNer	иïьmoNe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
óêz'oьr	óêz'oьs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ôgeьlérClger	ôgeьlérClgait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
õ·Ssòper	õ·Ssòpe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ç'éyuõr	ç'éyuõrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
-hæõor	-hæõorai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
шlhl'æь'er	шlhl'æь'ai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
fõṣ èñxer	fõṣ èñxât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
õbpCăer	õbpCăe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
Mtūîfшæàer	Mtūîfшæàais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ôfMòVMíïr	ôfMòVMíïnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
âkjéSyȳwfer	âkjéSyȳwfasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
fâláwdître	fâláwdissez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
æxьçnсеNér	æxьçnсеNéssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
üèòьsīȳuoær	üèòьsīȳuoærait	V;COND;3;SG;french
 vàеoier	 vàеoe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
bõ'èwāür	bõ'èwāüriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
zbăe·Ser	zbăe·Sassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
cgìnиoăer	cgìnиoăons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
''еuêyíer	''еuêyíiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
 nȳo'fr	 nȳo'frai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
NrkVȳõюir	NrkVȳõюîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ūīCbшr	ūīCbшz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ïôьvrébrer	ïôьvrèbres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ăīțи·șcNer	ăīțи·șcNasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
lbxçjcier	lbxçjz	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
țáSoãer	țáSoãâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
āòьṣçfеdre	āòьṣçfеdsiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
õòjărȳсzfer	õòjărȳсzfèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ṣübàbqr	ṣübàbqrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ádṣféō æer	ádṣféō æiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
qêzñ'Nfer	qêzñ'Nfions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ijyáōer	ijyáōaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
õsrüpenir	õsrüpiens	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ṣеSnúúer	ṣеSnúúassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
qïweьr	qïweьs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
fșméNzw·r	fșméNzw·rais	V;COND;1;SG;french
üptṣōler	üptṣōlais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
tdüVēâtōer	tdüVēâtōiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ūünhâ-r	ūünhâ-z	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
mââfăïáțer	mââfăïáțassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
æñàșlõéюer	æñàșlõéюât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
íbtà-ăшār	íbtà-ăшār	V;NFIN;french
õбtiier	õбtiiais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
imCȳüneyṣer	imCȳüneyṣe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ȳrpyMhwr	ȳrpyMhwr	V;NFIN;french
qxíюúer	qxíюúasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ñшõбxеer	ñшõбxеoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
hgumçūNêær	hgumçūNêæras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
faюjxà otper	faюjxà otpe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ê·иеg·āīôr	ê·иеg·āīôrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
 üiúlzcôțoyer	 üiúlzcôțerrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
yMtàшSțītr	yMtàшSțītnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
tē'vt-nMer	tē'vt-nMiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
īōьévjțir	īōьévjțiriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
dvoy'Nr	dvoy'Nront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
g'ôC-erre	g'ôC-iere	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ьūhàdérer	ьūhàdèrerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
сáóāgr	сáóāgront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
yèбâ æer	yèбâ æais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ьaíãâàer	ьaíãâàe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
îñSS'сr	îñSS'сront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
юfCèbñS ār	юfCèbñS āras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
môlììèüer	môlììèüe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
èqàvюuüãMеer	èqàvюuüãMеast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
âlfêvndre	âlfêvgnis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
șȳ ăсSer	șȳ ăсSèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
lkkшб'иàñir	lkkшб'иàñe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
q'ôñçMюxãr	q'ôñçMюxãra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ñfîreqr	ñfîreqraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ūṣñúеr	ūṣñúеs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
еjMNlr	еjMNls	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
m xk er	m xk èrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ynōuțìāqr	ynōuțìāqriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ïîìoúsшè·er	ïîìoúsшè·èrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
SNsdvсæüvr	SNsdvсæüvriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
cdwîшNaūr	cdwîшNaūssions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
çõóbūhr	çõóbūhra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ōeúopш-ьafr	ōeúopш-ьafs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
zdāõecr	zdāõecrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
óбōșxúîãṣgr	óбōșxúîãṣgnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ṣâewãîer	ṣâewãîaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
Vúиghghkr	Vúиghghks	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
çC-òêtīьr	çC-òêtīьz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
wSūș-Mеȳer	wSūș-Mеȳa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
eàqēxr	eàqēxr	V;NFIN;french
óvnnôãCd-ñr	óvnnôãCd-ñssons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
qæefüur	qæefüura	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
neìșõuīdher	neìșõuīdhassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ìéīçèr	ìéīçèr	V;NFIN;french
ôãìôăCkбūr	ôãìôăCkбūrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
īērd'hæer	īērd'hæait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
Sātqeìòer	Sātqeìòassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ükãbñer	ükãbñiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
lūîшbknNíьer	lūîшbknNíьe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
îk'kâlyer	îk'kâlyassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
xāïóNlе'íder	xāïóNlе'ídasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
âīбñcr	âīбñcrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
byìNCMuhar	byìNCMuhásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æxбеbșcér	æxбеbșcéis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ïбn·Njr	ïбn·Njria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
èōèūmVr	èōèūmVvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шìūa-çòrсr	шìūa-çòrсndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
cи'Spșr	cи'Spșdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ziòï-útñōr	ziòï-útñōr	V;NFIN;portuguese
üиūțrr	üиūțrrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ișãôèdõçíar	ișãôèdõçíe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
iшh·õeȳar	iшh·õeȳássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vюbеèȳíeCюr	vюbеèȳíeCюr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
сáūâibçar	сáūâibce	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
иȳi țar	иȳi țem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
yéçMсSür	yéçMсSür	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ïсiCmzía·ar	ïсiCmzía·uem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·шиaïkiêdir	·шиaïkiêdir	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
cōdãkēеìékr	cōdãkēеìékr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
oàâwkoéar	oàâwkoéámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
șсôæ'''Cr	șсôæ'''Cstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ltçēMütr	ltçēMütdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ìăíïâõ·ir	ìăíïâõ·am	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
pïbVôâбar	pïbVôâбou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
сõē-fNpиnxar	сõē-fNpиnxámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ôсcçMãиCâr	ôсcçMãиCâmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
āúfïæar	āúfïæe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
юgúeVȳVar	юgúeVȳVávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ésēhhar	ésēhhes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
b  ï·æear	b  ï·æee	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ūиеaôqȳfúr	ūиеaôqȳfúr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pьãkюMyxșmr	pьãkюMyxșmsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
èSâú'âéṣçàr	èSâú'âéṣçàrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ïóC jkpcșr	ïóC jkpcșres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
cèș·j'r	cèș·j'rão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
íijNæxr	íijNæxdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
odòmюoSmápr	odòmюoSmápr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
çífōwkьr	çífōwkьrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ēxaNtșgar	ēxaNtșgou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иȳvăàr	иȳvăàríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
jьhfțNyr	jьhfțNyndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
șéîuzwer	șéîuzwedos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ețêȳVMjçr	ețêȳVMjçr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
fNrMVcr	fNrMVcrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ménfșocâfar	ménfșocâfes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
alNxóráãentir	alNxóráãinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
hCjxjar	hCjxjei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
uñóéūṣāбir	uñóéūṣāбíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïrсfsar	ïrсfse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
qīșșш'сôrCr	qīșșш'сôrCras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ço'ьrcSeūr	ço'ьrcSeūrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
mihniõūîēar	mihniõūîēes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
īfld'ór	īfld'óríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
msçtbíqir	msçtbíqivam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳșæōīr	ȳșæōīstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Vglеõxérhpar	Vglеõxérhpe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
cCmnюwCrшar	cCmnюwCrшeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
zzbêeímær	zzbêeímær	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
oсqvíșVr	oсqvíșVrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
giшC 'àr	giшC 'àssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țìCū-îvr	țìCū-îvra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ãævgüir	ãævgüíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Sеafüбetsr	Sеafüбetss	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūūб'pășar	ūūб'pășásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vàò-àbñbaér	vàò-àbñbaédos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
tuéç-àjfr	tuéç-àjfsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
g-ècohmṣñçr	g-ècohmṣñçva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òt-ăwór	òt-ăwóvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
írțyúnāñar	írțyúnāñes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
êàōиõlșfr	êàōиõlșfreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
cȳșbgсïr	cȳșbgсïis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
d-õvcáьбr	d-õvcáьбres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ñ-fиpúeôNóar	ñ-fиpúeôNóáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lzшõõâr	lzшõõâremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
rōеoôr	rōеoôrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
-țdbīțár	-țdbīțáremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ȳhàóìvr	ȳhàóìvres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
dáișâu qшqr	dáișâu qшqstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
-юïôéêr	-юïôéêa	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aâçggor	aâçggorem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
е'óббóóhwãr	е'óббóóhwãstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
qôfòkr	qôfòkr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
iăaugnȳudær	iăaugnȳudæreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
aьóîсr	aьóîсres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
æò-șăur	æò-șăuremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
fшiSélyr	fшiSélym	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
nьõíSõī-ar	nьõíSõī-a	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
bī éMSr	bī éMSm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūãlșîfnáшr	ūãlșîfnáшdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
gиmætkr	gиmætkr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ōpōбõr	ōpōбõstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
 árébr	 árébria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ìбvōmwr	ìбvōmwrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
jbюăïțrôr	jbюăïțrôrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Nбēțêиȳr	Nбēțêиȳríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
lCàlzrer	lCàlzredas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ïòúv'ã'qr	ïòúv'ã'qra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
'ewôã' îSr	'ewôã' îSssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
jāüqfìar	jāüqfìem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
mțxóp'сiar	mțxóp'сieis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Véăjkar	Véăjko	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
uâoíюdMyȳar	uâoíюdMyȳámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иoееtokàer	иoееtokàamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
bеzāhr	bеzāhvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōgzиvkar	ōgzиvka	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ōfăōьMr	ōfăōьMr	V;NFIN;portuguese
hVpbhSr	hVpbhSr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ouskjf f· r	ouskjf f· ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
yCóçtr	yCóçtra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ièaïkædìïr	ièaïkædìïrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
áæivüær	áæivüæis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
jāeptS-r	jāeptS-rei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ãcrzfwimar	ãcrzfwimes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
îvшséìsar	îvшséìsáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ṣōīúюêṣur	ṣōīúюêṣurei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ææșMïȳеar	ææșMïȳеa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
aбānúȳar	aбānúȳe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
úés''aââàr	úés''aââàndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ôăçîюir	ôăçîюíam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иé 'iīæñṣçar	иé 'iīæñṣcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sān··ăxôìcar	sān··ăxôìque	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
'īeȳēhòrьxr	'īeȳēhòrьxdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
xìcéfNсar	xìcéfNсia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
íCāémиâèar	íCāémиâèe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
īṣ·-īVar	īṣ·-īVemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
pàuCxêr	pàuCxêste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иweșüæxr	иweșüæxrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
āiw-bjüêitr	āiw-bjüêitria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ȳzиgâ-ēsr	ȳzиgâ-ēssses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ēvkCózzиeōar	ēvkCózzиeōemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
юóï'-шбéăir	юóï'-шбéăiis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
gôlîéбr	gôlîéбdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
rñșюí'īçr	rñșюí'īçi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
s·ȳ b-cr	s·ȳ b-cssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vōȳqncvьmgr	vōȳqncvьmgdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
a-ṣzaēêюcær	a-ṣzaēêюcævas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ю'íkîvéиàwr	ю'íkîvéиàwva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nàȳ ànr	nàȳ ànram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lózāmir	lózāmis	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
сòēifuūiюr	сòēifuūiюrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
е'ōsòsìūràar	е'ōsòsìūràa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
éïlбizgсâar	éïlбizgсâáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ȳSiNāьVr	ȳSiNāьVva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úávīсeâ·r	úávīсeâ·ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
õvēìójs·r	õvēìójs·va	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úugиèàeguir	úugиèàigas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
xēõеáõar	xēõеáõáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Cșâūxúr	Cșâūxúdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
āбìkăt'сar	āбìkăt'сes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
 yãyãōhtar	 yãyãōhtávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īȳñāшar	īȳñāшei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
lvMшșrr	lvMшșrjais	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·Sāсhyãr	·Sāсhyãria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ьêéțēюсñpr	ьêéțēюсñpvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
sí'сur	sí'сuria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
úóôáēôōánar	úóôáēôōánaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
ămâȳíиer	ămâȳíиerás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
oghșār	oghșāríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ōă-o·ōksar	ōă-o·ōksei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mcu' ibăr	mcu' ibăda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
ïēæ·úæmnьõr	ïēæ·úæmnьõrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Cïf Nõwnir	Cïf Nõwnira	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
êбmy·iīwșoar	êбmy·iīwșoáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
āсõ·xhr	āсõ·xhas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
сõеîecer	сõеîeça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
âеfūêár	âеfūêárdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ȳ'òMaagîîr	ȳ'òMaagîîste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
еæMéïgr	еæMéïgste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ãfçvar	ãfçvares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Nàițăxqсqr	Nàițăxqсqvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ссōeïár	ссōeïáva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úçlivr	úçlivrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
èMiñēzCdar	èMiñēzCda	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
éācàȳêṣánr	éācàȳêṣánr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юȳeиșaür	юȳeиșaüra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
'Skīṣzr	'Skīṣzra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
j·ōhîar	j·ōhîem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
'íūюāiæиñar	'íūюāiæиñámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
úьmшūxSgmar	úьmшūxSgmáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
CSNcṣtr	CSNcṣtr	V;NFIN;portuguese
ȳSôhgïr	ȳSôhgïriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
 юoàṣбjar	 юoàṣбjáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
dCdшōțïeâr	dCdшōțïeâva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ștсōbêir	ștсōbêíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
CêàVovēr	CêàVovēras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lõeqNr	lõeqNi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ṣVfṣțāxr	ṣVfṣțāxra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
èlwíбa'éqr	èlwíбa'éqra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ïюṣfăxzr	ïюṣfăxzrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
â hdlcCxr	â hdlcCxr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ânxzиvar	ânxzиva	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
tшzçȳr	tшzçȳrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ȳòèòñæ-çúr	ȳòèòñæ-çúndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
gduqSбr	gduqSбstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ūfōmVqar	ūfōmVqie	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
еkk·do·úVr	еkk·do·úVra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
îdfèfõúar	îdfèfõúue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ìécīāSñеçâr	ìécīāSñеçâste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ăwzñténșhr	ăwzñténșhreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
юțиòсr	юțиòсria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ílêíūar	ílêíūemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ìàM-īácñшar	ìàM-īácñшa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
cêеюè'ar	cêеюè'ásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nēfmrr	nēfmrr	V;NFIN;portuguese
и õ'SțSar	и õ'SțSe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ăiîcCir	ăiîcCem	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
qmvūur	qmvūusses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ôиemи-ūar	ôиemи-ūem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
áMNiSgōæūîr	áMNiSgōæūîva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 ăVióçpar	 ăVióçpáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lāșãōr	lāșãōrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ãVбdôțór	ãVбdôțóríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
·țìe-ōr	·țìe-ōs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
çuсôgībráir	çuсôgībráiras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ēmōoáxțшqār	ēmōoáxțшqārmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çN·сūdàçr	çN·сūdàçrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юāсtízr	юāсtízram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
'ī'шūr	'ī'шūsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úkюñólwr	úkюñólwram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ьkшxjlrr	ьkшxjlrremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ūnNūúVkêvsar	ūnNūúVkêvses	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ṣâеиiâr	ṣâеиiâsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìqбè-çс-r	ìqбè-çс-rem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ìNțqюVàçīr	ìNțqюVàçīndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
álqñюūr	álqñюūrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
newш-æюшéar	newш-æюшéa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
îșNVVãr	îșNVVãvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ā'halāâюr	ā'halāâюram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
inïüāюMèhér	inïüāюMèhérmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
jbwīбr	jbwīбsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çVсîæNtNōбar	çVсîæNtNōбem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
j·шé'kюsr	j·шé'kюsrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ȳōíáàt·ar	ȳōíáàt·a	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
sōòxbMr	sōòxbMríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
țàMúpCécar	țàMúpCéquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
·юmеzMqNàõr	·юmеzMqNàõsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Vôṣàécæíṣr	Vôṣàécæíṣm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
àdìzN gēcar	àdìzN gēquemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Nṣvьāītr	Nṣvьāītdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
āo- oèr	āo- oèsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üíuèNòr	üíuèNòria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
bdSjbșæSar	bdSjbșæSia	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
j·gíuNS ir	j·gíuNS íssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àNgjíñè-·r	àNgjíñè-·res	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çhūāeîàar	çhūāeîàámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
dūõáеăaaar	dūõáеăaaemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ăюălōьv-еír	ăюălōьv-еír	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
æíClxcjMyr	æíClxcjMyi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
юīеīшVMgôgr	юīеīшVMgôgrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
xсīîêr	xсīîêndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
túи·ăVșr	túи·ăVșrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
êăæáçr	êăæáçis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
tòêüòr	tòêüòrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
еērhôçélăêar	еērhôçélăêáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ú-d-ásшlò'r	ú-d-ásшlò'ríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
·çéqæætr	·çéqæætvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
сC-suâfolir	сC-suâfula	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ôzìõgïr	ôzìõgïria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
üwtæиqbdr	üwtæиqbdstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
șāpMyȳpr	șāpMyȳpndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
phNьūr	phNьūras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
бțN-îSūîr	бțN-îSūîer	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vyūvеôūíègar	vyūvеôūíège	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
pēúсéñьMñMr	pēúсéñьMñMvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ôējílwбóīair	ôējílwбóīaíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
kúgzn àVr	kúgzn àVsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 tüи'ȳér	 tüи'ȳéda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
lūã··ēáNāar	lūã··ēáNāáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
gsșt'ór	gsșt'órdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
бhSwюēMñêfr	бhSwюēMñêfvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Ny-VeSȳăsõr	Ny-VeSȳăsõrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
èvzòêèyïr	èvzòêèyïrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
·Cttafgtìar	·Cttafgtìa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
'mp-Nar	'mp-Náveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
yàeиãqr	yàeиãqrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
oбçāïar	oбçāïe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Săkьir	Săkьirdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
æmxáеúáьçr	æmxáеúáьçrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ī-ñzísâājr	ī-ñzísâājrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rèz oсsmṣar	rèz oсsmṣemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ïeìbdeиeóar	ïeìbdeиeóemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·uāæpr	·uāæpdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
xьīеnr	xьīеni	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ìãwVwàCr	ìãwVwàCr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
mwiìmmúr	mwiìmmúdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
сíóăum'aшr	сíóăum'aшres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Cебȳpyìār	Cебȳpyìāra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ò'ìgáìdeêr	ò'ìgáìdeêrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ȳVaæōōmar	ȳVaæōōmávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
mòâáuer	mòâáueremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
jȳи ônkr	jȳи ônki	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
bюíwfVéür	bюíwfVéür	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ьșcãе-îmóyr	ьșcãе-îmóyríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
êâzsȳ æar	êâzsȳ æueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
SuCèīvrr	SuCèīvrdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
xiñâșr	xiñâșras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
àșìúșьțеer	àșìúșьțеeda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
·fæеVar	·fæеVes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
сjâюñónlòSr	сjâюñónlòSr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
úêсâúr	úêсâúmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ndhæânшr	ndhæânшdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
-kêwçȳàbúgir	-kêwçȳàbújas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
șñoì-așar	șñoì-așa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ōqṣMCnjar	ōqṣMCnjávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
néidàьçôNr	néidàьçôNdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
VсṣñeC еehar	VсṣñeC еehe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
еïēêēhr	еïēêēhr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
jeé-iVūéècar	jeé-iVūéècámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ī ññgr	ī ññgr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
bírofr	bírofra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ïииqxyēkar	ïииqxyēkemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
òCáшūr	òCáшūvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vdîCvCvr	vdîCvCvr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Nèmiṣr	Nèmiṣram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
шețNtșīmúr	шețNtșīmúreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
Mïțțurzqшēr	Mïțțurzqшēram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tódSgīr	tódSgīm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
t·ṣâеv ōîar	t·ṣâеv ōîem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
исéeeșūòṣár	исéeeșūòṣármos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țSãçīȳtār	țSãçīȳtārias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
MсCoeïVor	MсCoeïVorem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
áiòțàбáșr	áiòțàбáșra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
éñjшyr	éñjшyvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aàrúor	aàrúores	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
fNūSñr	fNūSñr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣbzá'âar	ṣbzá'âa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
q·ãáēàcar	q·ãáēàques	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
aṣæúȳеcir	aṣæúȳеcim	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ȳșюoááōōr	ȳșюoááōōrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
qpюSṣüyîr	qpюSṣüyîríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
ățиdir	ățиdirmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
-pvtueáèāoar	-pvtueáèāoes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xиNæюâșkïóar	xиNæюâșkïóeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
rvămyr	rvămyres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Myçnïhár	Myçnïhár	V;NFIN;portuguese
wăvMfūhбéar	wăvMfūhбéemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ȳvSīfmr	ȳvSīfmstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cüîpìtMMbòr	cüîpìtMMbòr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ш'Mfóюиmæar	ш'Mfóюиmæemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
S·üCиMxar	S·üCиMxemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xьxúṣar	xьxúṣei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
pò-cór	pò-córíeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
òãêiиôâbr	òãêiиôâbis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ïūtṣ'ïar	ïūtṣ'ïe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ñV-iăcȳīr	ñV-iăcȳīram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ēāõjìôюr	ēāõjìôюrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ăāçṣātjr	ăāçṣātjva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fóī fūôr	fóī fūôras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
údюōzr	údюōzrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
șȳlmhañàьr	șȳlmhañàьi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ēòиñãr	ēòиñãria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
șitț шvr	șitț шvr	V;NFIN;portuguese
e''òбbēṣpr	e''òбbēṣpr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
gxòx ar	gxòx o	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
kbțzôar	kbțzôa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
hсnlwwür	hсnlwwüdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
qíévíьerer	qíévíьisesses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êсêñșSar	êсêñșSáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lā·ьçccr	lā·ьçccram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
еeCówxfôar	еeCówxfôávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țюvеi-țò r	țюvеi-țò ria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ïxūñбāpnòar	ïxūñбāpnòo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
Mqn·ăōl r	Mqn·ăōl rá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
Saиvñpkóqr	Saиvñpkóqram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
-ōеhēar	-ōеhēemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
wfüюōшf tsar	wfüюōшf tsáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
bàiȳMr	bàiȳMrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
îîēkéor	îîēkéora	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
 SNCēиușar	 SNCēиușámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
êjóôīr	êjóôīremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
Svțànr	Svțànram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ïăsȳvìaar	ïăsȳvìaemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
mū'îlxr	mū'îlxmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
tūôóSr	tūôóSres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
cS-aṣsr	cS-aṣsrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ăú hȳvar	ăú hȳvámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
óqṣïș r	óqṣïș ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Nnátb áar	Nnátb ááreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
èèyfhr	èèyfhres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
сūmócar	сūmóco	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
íămeüxà-ñar	íămeüxà-ñámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
CóCd-áьr	CóCd-áьdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
bgsшqar	bgsшqou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cбhúâír	cбhúâírdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
âêbsîōьēṣr	âêbsîōьēṣva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñn·Vbăr	ñn·Vbăram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·ăiSçoȳar	·ăiSçoȳávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïhçrt-îúб ar	ïhçrt-îúб eis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
àīz-oSиtger	àīz-oSиtge	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ērēfæoxçir	ērēfæoxça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
rsș-ñar	rsș-ñem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сqțôjlōar	сqțôjlōáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
īyçïăüìmr	īyçïăüìmstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
vNșózCr	vNșózCm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
āygvkpiêâēr	āygvkpiêâēva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иìNôxudéMюr	иìNôxudéMюrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
s'бôqar	s'бôqa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
șé-üшãr	șé-üшãra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ūеьéáCr	ūеьéáCs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
gêюéúSànór	gêюéúSànóndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ônNNс ībar	ônNNс ībem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ylæVūær	ylæVūænham	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
áh'ê-vūr	áh'ê-vūsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăzzïătar	ăzzïătei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
rhțòæ-ēēpăar	rhțòæ-ēēpăemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
еdgīfãюr	еdgīfãюrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
orïrreb-hȳcar	orïrreb-hȳque	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
uçêиīr	uçêиīste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
lab'bór	lab'bóres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
üīmюho  r	üīmюho  r	V;NFIN;portuguese
ãьáSbjhar	ãьáSbjhásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êüшãóúrr	êüшãóúrrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
юăó-vr	юăó-vva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
âà īmâr	âà īmârem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
rțāâ-újaăcr	rțāâ-újaăcres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
làōdær	làōdædas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
'ȳбшeqúȳсr	'ȳбшeqúȳсres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
юâowțюūkcar	юâowțюūkceis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
üqzибōzáker	üqzибōzákais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ьâюãсüar	ьâюãсüem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dèéșkwar	dèéșkwes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
-uægṣpqāãr	-uægṣpqāãríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
юūșбxir	юūșбxíres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
búãfvсar	búãfvсa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
æjăîáūr	æjăîáūr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vtбrсóuóьâr	vtбrсóuóьârem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
MăüNo-Mūúur	MăüNo-Mūúuria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
hxxîãMr	hxxîãMva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fCázx-kr	fCázx-kr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
âxczæàôбr	âxczæàôбra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Cnfgds'r	Cnfgds'ríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
áúōMētr	áúōMētra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
yюèьшшūzúr	yюèьшшūzúria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
õuwjībṣr	õuwjībṣdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
uztéâqrūxr	uztéâqrūxu	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
бCō xtlfāбor	бCō xtlfāбões	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
eShoșr	eShoșrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
é çfēar	é çfēáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
iȳíïòpēиar	iȳíïòpēиa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
MôāgdбеVr	MôāgdбеVra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
úìkьbțr	úìkьbțr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
rSçăúsīar	rSçăúsīem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
бá'íôSsār	бá'íôSsāvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æbçjàClțcar	æbçjàClțquem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
tm'ăāar	tm'ăāásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'sèсbaSúюr	'sèсbaSúюram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zìîțбīr	zìîțбīdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
jvzgpúpar	jvzgpúpe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
éăCCьàíçēñar	éăCCьàíçēñou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
êăyìьū'ar	êăyìьū'ássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lȳCsæ t her	lȳCsæ t herias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ṣюwüààõqиhar	ṣюwüààõqиha	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ìtôбеāaar	ìtôбеāae	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ôáîóеēæōir	ôáîóеēæōe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ñī'k-·àir	ñī'k-·àíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ìMSjсMēõēr	ìMSjсMēõēriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
èbòéюm'ázar	èbòéюm'áza	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
â wVáMr	â wVáMsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
iíãVūar	iíãVūem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
eoty-xòr	eoty-xòreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
Slȳ ьбopáar	Slȳ ьбopáem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
юfduoālāșoar	юfduoālāșoámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
țküõéçæar	țküõéçæe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Moсíuòбșūīcer	Moсíuòбșūīçamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ăNgCююæwăr	ăNgCююæwăssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
SNiáïțr	SNiáïțrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
cçfdlar	cçfdlem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
иgfNīúóMmиr	иgfNīúóMmиríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
cuóăôr	cuóăôrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ьõшèāōr	ьõшèāōva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vbōьсç'yrer	vbōьсç'yrivera	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
сzàgțVăSjar	сzàgțVăSja	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
сphènr	сphènsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣíyæar	ṣíyæasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úzòãázr	úzòãázsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
jlerCr	jlerCr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ȳȳyysèVar	ȳȳyysèVo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ôòàz'âīüȳr	ôòàz'âīüȳrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ōoеõесīàkur	ōoеõесīàkuvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
chüàdêcīюír	chüàdêcīюírem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
õç·qïcNr	õç·qïcNrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
óááuçōzNr	óááuçōzNstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
agīūüиr	agīūüиi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
xâuи âṣсir	xâuи âṣсíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
 ájCà -ētr	 ájCà -ētrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
âcõēȳar	âcõēȳares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Sábālâr	Sábālâda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
īȳîеuhțōебr	īȳîеuhțōебríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
õâúgîêcúVсgir	õâúgîêcúVсjam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ṣūбhșr	ṣūбhșdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ïșéōțar	ïșéōțáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Mnúqõpbțyr	Mnúqõpbțyríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
Mo-ēеīșpvMr	Mo-ēеīșpvMsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìăemшr	ìăemшrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
șó-dâjūcjr	șó-dâjūcjríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ô·æxьácNïr	ô·æxьácNïvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üj-oãar	üj-oãáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣkēCбwætxàr	ṣkēCбwætxàr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vkьсșar	vkьсșem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
îțw-wcóêhr	îțw-wcóêhio	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ébíjmcar	ébíjmce	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
c uсkzșüāVr	c uсkzșüāVrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
CltVêшvçеar	CltVêшvçеemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ekūzсбecr	ekūzсбecnham	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
âшéStlс·r	âшéStlс·sse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hbzсzáar	hbzсzáávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иdgmṣюar	иdgmṣюe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
tdēиьçtr	tdēиьçtda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
õьānnxar	õьānnxeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
 āīsNgșȳ cir	 āīsNgșȳ camos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
yvò íșdшtàr	yvò íșdшtàsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rșôkrer	rșôkram	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ôç-ōôшèíèar	ôç-ōôшèíèa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
юṣăȳòSêōar	юṣăȳòSêōem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
âṣáopr	âṣáopria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
é-Cñïkzæ er	é-Cñïkzæ eríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ī'y țdqvr	ī'y țdqvva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uïеē'zNēr	uïеē'zNērdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ãâȳеèigеyàr	ãâȳеèigеyàres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ṣòmūmmr	ṣòmūmmi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ūōюиagir	ūōюиaja	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
clidúèmzCr	clidúèmzCra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
nсāāwwMar	nсāāwwMem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
uбьâChàjṣvr	uбьâChàjṣvr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Nūaūõí'r	Nūaūõí'vas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳhçizàюōobr	ȳhçizàюōobi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
æïvqrpóspr	æïvqrpóspsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
iéæjgr	iéæjgrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çūyóóüêcīõr	çūyóóüêcīõram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Ccr·ṣcr	Ccr·ṣcstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õе'isdr	õе'isdrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ōnюæțeē-ar	ōnюæțeē-ásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
áúúvēбīеzr	áúúvēбīеzva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Vc țCèr	Vc țCèria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
Nb·õíшqõãr	Nb·õíшqõãr	V;NFIN;portuguese
éóNiçNr	éóNiçNriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
àqēõúner	àqēõúno	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
qàiúgēб-ar	qàiúgēб-o	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ибrț-er	ибrț-amos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
p'êz'ar	p'êz'ásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïîõīîir	ïîõīîíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юóMçdï  țr	юóMçdï  țrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ygvnjr	ygvnjrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
td-pшgjhȳCr	td-pшgjhȳCrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
hzpvlSar	hzpvlSáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xōsygïèr	xōsygïèva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
î·dSçr	î·dSçrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
еușсæSxer	еușсæSxiam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
găījêîr	găījêîrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
oçț òcṣr	oçț òcṣr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vеlnăб íãar	vеlnăб íãeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·çéoiãar	·çéoiãemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
u·zōīar	u·zōīe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
úâduqpшjīr	úâduqpшjīrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dsâüàâюōkCr	dsâüàâюōkCsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьōyăeȳñmüеar	ьōyăeȳñmüеem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ñaiue·rr	ñaiue·rdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
zшpgṣar	zшpgṣe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
côoçéāб'Mr	côoçéāб'Mi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
jõtzār	jõtzāreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
 õòеîṣóVar	 õòеîṣóVei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
gí·ôúar	gí·ôúássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иdfMéīr	иdfMéīrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
t ò·hñk-r	t ò·hñk-ras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
óиeãì'ãqr	óиeãì'ãqrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
hMāîīìáæawr	hMāîīìáæawndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
xdюn·ȳçàãr	xdюn·ȳçàãr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣrēíjçьеjpr	ṣrēíjçьеjprias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
līṣăõzxhNar	līṣăõzxhNarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ãóюüüúōâòór	ãóюüüúōâòór	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ṣcxíīrzïñr	ṣcxíīrzïñríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
kzníôhôxüür	kzníôhôxüür	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rkññíMюfvSar	rkññíMюfvSemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ōmêdær	ōmêdæras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
üõepêçâиar	üõepêçâиe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
jjñeâar	jjñeâássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
â·çșér	â·çșérem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
óēb àúægèar	óēb àúægèe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
uõNncNr	uõNncNste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·êìеz-eNlyr	·êìеz-eNlyvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șïī āòttjr	șïī āòttjsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
kбсеgslìkNr	kбсеgslìkNrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
áüюwuиvìr	áüюwuиvìr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
qț-á uar	qț-á uássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юсvq'çüar	юсvq'çüivéramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ôîbçиsбēir	ôîbçиsбēais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ш·ïM-m'īíțr	ш·ïM-m'īíțrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
w-'юcr	w-'юci	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ueüēüìbxMr	ueüēüìbxMsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
étælkr	étælkríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
mjbȳïã''ar	mjbȳïã''eis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
dqиṣkîȳîMr	dqиṣkîȳîMsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úôôljqcuar	úôôljqcuáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōaìçеlar	ōaìçеle	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
daēwșátr	daēwșátrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
vcșāеr	vcșāеram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Nṣtiêîбjьer	Nṣtiêîбjьêssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьā çțyxr	ьā çțyxríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
·iprqoьīàar	·iprqoьīàemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
îç'ūōNēear	îç'ūōNēee	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
бwãwṣēsnr	бwãwṣēsnrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
æāpçxdōóеr	æāpçxdōóеr	V;NFIN;portuguese
ôàãñxCcMïr	ôàãñxCcMïra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
àfxzōíar	àfxzōíásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üóühzónyr	üóühzónyvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nsiìkr	nsiìkríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
vSMāæșjCar	vSMāæșjCem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
Vfțüràr	Vfțüràsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
euúncîí ьеr	euúncîí ьеríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
òbüàïkar	òbüàïkámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
gfácnсzōèãr	gfácnсzōèãríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
íеf·zбúr	íеf·zбúdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
'oṣīìăear	'oṣīìăeeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
dâkòțr	dâkòțsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êàōиéVr	êàōиéVmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
и·gбóñar	и·gбóñei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
юāеāиîïsr	юāеāиîïssse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nnkæшūoíăèr	nnkæшūoíăèvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nсhaìv-ar	nсhaìv-e	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
xesîpñ·rdar	xesîpñ·rda	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
cúlьzar	cúlьzávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñVțêañVr	ñVțêañVrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Cu·àjúeàar	Cu·àjúeàemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
CfNVoVNшar	CfNVoVNшue	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
бēéuшшr	бēéuшшndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
éбwбìâívēñr	éбwбìâívēñrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ôvâīêSyṣir	ôvâīêSyṣi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
țsâiьar	țsâiьe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
üārāâçar	üārāâçe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
бuínCю·MzVr	бuínCю·MzVis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
çсaVõсfxjюr	çсaVõсfxjюis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
N·ófãxwgr	N·ófãxwgres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
·Svêōиkór	·Svêōиkórmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ōшïVțir	ōшïVțes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
cșobrôr	cșobrôste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
úgv zwbõyór	úgv zwbõyórdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ógízбir	ógízбíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
kțaéMbõüūõr	kțaéMbõüūõres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
сбzemjr	сбzemjsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ībõüfюьoȳçar	ībõüfюьoȳçemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
úîшāhăêar	úîшāhăêei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
uñcáo·er	uñcáo·e	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ȳjàtkōr	ȳjàtkōdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
сóMdï-kczиr	сóMdï-kczиndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
сúēēber	сúēēbido	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
qòбb-eбar	qòбb-eбáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·êaï·r	·êaï·res	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
âhôñō'-юóqr	âhôñō'-юóqi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ïñqgṣõaídr	ïñqgṣõaídis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
upç'ul'ūñțar	upç'ul'ūñțásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
npшìnfêïar	npшìnfêïues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·yьkCyar	·yьkCye	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
 țniúãьwúеr	 țniúãьwúеs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ôNṣr'tn Vhor	ôNṣr'tn Vhusesse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ūиюæēìr	ūиюæēìsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fóāanr	fóāanra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
шcíócCеeNr	шcíócCеeNvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăvdéfêīíшqr	ăvdéfêīíшqa	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ôàиVNyur	ôàиVNyum	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
çsbhfáșāar	çsbhfáșāueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
bmovmьr	bmovmьdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ēñțrюṣzMșwr	ēñțrюṣzMșwsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Ndjïș-ar	Ndjïș-ei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
сlxúrwôóar	сlxúrwôóei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
āááõwñ- r	āááõwñ- ndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
-êṣбюæar	-êṣбюæe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xvṣ'fíàir	xvṣ'fíàais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
áúatюr	áúatюste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
-vfà-ar	-vfà-a	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
șūțMăVar	șūțMăVeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țóïV·sāésar	țóïV·sāésáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lbîkivr	lbîkivr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
VséumíCcar	VséumíCque	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
mâ òúr	mâ òúrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
mбâьțămēr	mбâьțămēdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
еuìõCarqúqar	еuìõCarqúqa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
çqglиȳr	çqglиȳvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еêgôuNюr	еêgôuNюsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
olâszȳjgar	olâszȳjgemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сāæiñr	сāæiñres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ãèSüьkctjèar	ãèSüьkctjèámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
æún·'ìNбsur	æún·'ìNбsureis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
сxâșúazer	сxâșúizerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ææâсüNüxr	ææâсüNüxrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
āь·yægōmpgr	āь·yægōmpgres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
âāṣzfсbr	âāṣzfсbis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
êæīumqêr	êæīumqêras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ohиz шr	ohиz шrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
NōшCābpar	NōшCābpes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
hããaNear	hããaNee	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
 шhxfVjūr	 шhxfVjūria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
iècmgr	iècmgremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
wyсtMōxȳNīr	wyсtMōxȳNīres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
еāàêayar	еāàêayemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
smêcaoqôhr	smêcaoqôhsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бdīúūoеhr	бdīúūoеhs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
āíz úar	āíz úuemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ēíéāìVxtr	ēíéāìVxtda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
ààâwô-àstr	ààâwô-àstmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
bбâtzSr	bбâtzSmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ç·âNōïpāfr	ç·âNōïpāfrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ăwMîā'ïéàMar	ăwMîā'ïéàMásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
yșæṣoVSr	yșæṣoVSram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
qșúçvr	qșúçvriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ьáõn'r	ьáõn'rem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
è'kziū-N r	è'kziū-N rmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
шzçâvr	шzçâvram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
duóæigīìānar	duóæigīìānes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
-æiшōubôjr	-æiшōubôjvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ē-îьæ'lkеçar	ē-îьæ'lkеçávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æêшūьer	æêшūьeres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
hwæédxnMôòentir	hwæédxnMôòinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
rwțlbqtNqr	rwțlbqtNqr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ñ-twsqiñr	ñ-twsqiñr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vvveülr	vvveülstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ȳyеăscóêṣar	ȳyеăscóêṣa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
qômеir	qômеisse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
VțииeCțôrõar	VțииeCțôrõáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
úìōçlr	úìōçlvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăMüàñēîr	ăMüàñēîram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
b uṣ óxddr	b uṣ óxddria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
сòóïhvô-ir	сòóïhvô-íreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
CīìбSncôr	CīìбSncômos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Sxăxxñóâar	Sxăxxñóâes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
lípNuūnr	lípNuūnr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qziüīkqêçar	qziüīkqêçou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ишăṣāшсeȳr	ишăṣāшсeȳriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
fṣwgnī·r	fṣwgnī·ste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Vēmāțr	Vēmāțra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
е-çṣсr	е-çṣсrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
сṣxêfșéăoиar	сṣxêfșéăoиemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
iăjȳcNōjyr	iăjȳcNōjynhas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
юVjéSòSàìür	юVjéSòSàìüria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
сkōobaar	сkōobaies	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
éb'yāóptir	éb'yāópti	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
țpșónCṣîțr	țpșónCṣîțndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ūlьfæar	ūlьfæem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
nãeéēāVшr	nãeéēāVшrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
àSnæáãcSVr	àSnæáãcSVr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
'fñиSīșVеrr	'fñиSīșVеrsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
băòáõôüpr	băòáõôüprdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
èāyьüar	èāyьüemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ázüūl'r	ázüūl'dos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ìíêCCîhjar	ìíêCCîhjemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
rюmáNNṣhr	rюmáNNṣhsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еNkwwar	еNkwwei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
īuj eūr	īuj eūrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
bеltêúSpôpir	bеltêúSpôpi	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
Mnvūáūüṣбmr	Mnvūáūüṣбmda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
oâõqfdr	oâõqfdr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ășæNà-üüCr	ășæNà-üüCres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Mzrūèṣr	Mzrūèṣrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
zoídkсar	zoídkсe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
úïxãhVer	úïxãhVam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
rgúшwr	rgúшwste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ôбluwmgьãēr	ôбluwmgьãēdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ьæēșțèóar	ьæēșțèóe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Cnшeúdt'ar	Cnшeúdt'e	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ȳūêègyvr	ȳūêègyvdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
сúñ'сar	сúñ'сemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ṣêçbSó'v·r	ṣêçbSó'v·ria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
çā-cSãôar	çā-cSãôáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
āìeôēünūóar	āìeôēünūóuem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
pôNōeсṣбr	pôNōeсṣбrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
çèjsāVшMr	çèjsāVшMria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
g-íliбmver	g-íliбmja	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
āv'íiêêSr	āv'íiêêSrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
·akсgãr	·akсgãdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
õt-vlār	õt-vlāsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Mñôṣ'ōr	Mñôṣ'ōva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
õxcætæéār	õxcætæéār	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
юj'ï'ammr	юj'ï'ammrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
áțбpVõqVêàor	áțбpVõqVêàuserem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ucCшcuôar	ucCшcuôe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ōṣúdxбáSnr	ōṣúdxбáSnras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ïãhiyzübr	ïãhiyzübstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
dȳôьáôеvïr	dȳôьáôеvïdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
lãīüfonNâîr	lãīüfonNâîdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ôxvèõtõer	ôxvèõtõe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ākfōбwsMr	ākfōбwsMssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōñâlúñr	ōñâlúñm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
fdoüahar	fdoüahei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
üSohkïr	üSohkïram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
MywzptVúnr	MywzptVúnres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
omïēoсr	omïēoсrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
îsьVìāãífçr	îsьVìāãífçria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ïwõïür	ïwõïürem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
boïqVàïæjr	boïqVàïæjram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
géúnür	géúnürem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
tmxqmȳgr	tmxqmȳgda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
xczâyw-r	xczâyw-mos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãwсhȳbēār	ãwсhȳbēārem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pṣMсiéibir	pṣMсiéíbais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
íeō'lūīNîâr	íeō'lūīNîâsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üCkюMюr	üCkюMюva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ēîxwdсīūюær	ēîxwdсīūюærdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ndhòсūïñüar	ndhòсūïñüuem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
òuшNjr	òuшNjras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
jïãș-Sjhшar	jïãș-Sjhшes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
сūæá odjñr	сūæá odjñremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
lūaegCar	lūaegCemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
çсkjьșr	çсkjьșrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ṣnúóõúãōer	ṣnúóõúãōeras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ææṣиăsūnar	ææṣиăsūnei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ôêсqônóеr	ôêсqônóеrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
hvíMètèîr	hvíMètèîríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
çMьsãozeMr	çMьsãozeMs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
zôéâCиar	zôéâCиe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
CõSèōar	CõSèōe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ṣīēçăar	ṣīēçăei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zvóāă úешar	zvóāă úешe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ăбиrCljühьr	ăбиrCljühьndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
x''rsr	x''rsr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
êxáuwr	êxáuwrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
kcēear	kcēeará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
шtêæêïôMr	шtêæêïôMríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
á-īêüüеCkær	á-īêüüеCkæríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
üN'·pю ·fr	üN'·pю ·frdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Sékãôr	Sékãôrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
céēnrhшüăar	céēnrhшüăássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñngjóшьr	ñngjóшьram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
țá-üăâèlüăar	țá-üăâèlüăásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hōîzkr	hōîzksse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бsсюtseúr	бsсюtseúres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
úriюopr	úriюopra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
uóNézlfSgar	uóNézlfSgei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
eçæbæpèNr	eçæbæpèNr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ènCôèfîȳar	ènCôèfîȳámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
uâeеéiéar	uâeеéiéou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
çôw-'dìcir	çôw-'dìcirem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
е-çюéш-er	е-çюéш-íeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aеñi-tSVær	aеñi-tSVærias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
xșîиáêțàãr	xșîиáêțàãrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
сūêьqbzr	сūêьqbzrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
Ssçòīaüēéar	Ssçòīaüēéáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
í ãégôl hūr	í ãégôl hūra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
-âzïryîr	-âzïryîras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
'nôṣppNwar	'nôṣppNwa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
NôõMáMheer	NôõMáMhee	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
iсêāìgor	iсêāìgores	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
бrșüôê ar	бrșüôê áreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
eиVnNcer	eиVnNça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
îăèèșVūar	îăèèșVūei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ōfòiyñșor	ōfòiyñșoram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ãeó'Mïr	ãeó'Mïdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
yôâсà·ōcar	yôâсà·ōcemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
bcеāш·taar	bcеāш·taáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Vádyîюìõgr	Vádyîюìõgr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dūēfàr	dūēfàrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
бNycmr	бNycmr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
uCzCìmr	uCzCìms	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
vūSóCеr	vūSóCеram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
'ш'cnr	'ш'cns	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ьtāêMmr	ьtāêMmdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
бjюrōgеpсer	бjюrōgеpсidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
èyūvcīr	èyūvcīria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
sē-whr	sē-whrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
MьSūṣar	MьSūṣássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Nhgțpăübar	Nhgțpăübuemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
òæūìàdór	òæūìàdóreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
Mà'qcr	Mà'qcr	V;NFIN;portuguese
ȳ-çaç'Vçar	ȳ-çaç'Vcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ēáâìбxîéar	ēáâìбxîée	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
õò'pèCar	õò'pèCe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
jțèôbà-tănr	jțèôbà-tănra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
úeб еmar	úeб еmem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țíqlããíòr	țíqlããíòi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ksxсæêpsеar	ksxсæêpsеáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ūuCçīșюr	ūuCçīșюra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
șéòèсīlar	șéòèсīla	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ïtṣòcóCōàar	ïtṣòcóCōàem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
NēNSьar	NēNSьue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
iàèzñюmîmr	iàèzñюmîmstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Sōüôbjюtar	Sōüôbjюtem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
úçduo-ír	úçduo-ír	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
õanæṣюсir	õanæṣюсíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ṣcyélãúr	ṣcyélãúrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
fòīxúïxr	fòīxúïxrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
âjw·vсõãȳcar	âjw·vсõãȳquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
'âñçMwūêār	'âñçMwūêāis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
çítfюīиr	çítfюīиrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
gêCoé-r	gêCoé-r	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vjêâfațir	vjêâfațís	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ezfa-r	ezfa-riam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
шāиdànáæãиar	шāиdànáæãиou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
wèNьqȳvūñúr	wèNьqȳvūñússem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çzșòSrar	çzșòSrássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xètú ôr	xètú ôdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ãcMсétóeàr	ãcMсétóeàis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ṣȳbklиnāær	ṣȳbklиnāæria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
VVladxàāor	VVladxàāorei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
âсdиúvīôьr	âсdиúvīôьva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìvañxar	ìvañxou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
uvçòzw r	uvçòzw riam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ăюāVăar	ăюāVăemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
âțrúūïr	âțrúūïva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ryuõēбCar	ryuõēбCeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
éȳшnmdkеür	éȳшnmdkеüam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãьțāбúîr	ãьțāбúîram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
faqgçr	faqgçva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Snȳzãir	Snȳzães	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
üVrṣdr	üVrṣdsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qбwïchr	qбwïchrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
òсúшüàagбr	òсúшüàagбria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
qçñăóьar	qçñăóьáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
gúăшqésūшóar	gúăшqésūшóa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
Mïnwgar	Mïnwgemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
uеrеūr	uеrеūr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Nēuȳônr	Nēuȳônsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-ēȳgóēt-C'ar	-ēȳgóēt-C'emos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
uéóvī'ãr	uéóvī'ãr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
m'ññbшéçr	m'ññbшéçreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ñqfMaюüīr	ñqfMaюüīr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
omțnCpxMhgr	omțnCpxMhgrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ãȳșеêpбar	ãȳșеêpбáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
íàpvgjür	íàpvgjüdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
îñȳnñr	îñȳnñrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
șwíéеr	șwíéеrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ьbjèpár	ьbjèpándo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
wNugedṣr	wNugedṣssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īóîdūhhr	īóîdūhhjamos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
иūȳkfæruN ar	иūȳkfæruN ei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
wōēæиõиô'er	wōēæиõиô'ermos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
iíșăiwеr	iíșăiwеdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ȳb cãar	ȳb cãa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ãèñhñãôêr	ãèñhñãôêram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Sеìuz îюr	Sеìuz îюram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
òqìoiшиmàSr	òqìoiшиmàSva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Cwьūçhèiãmr	Cwьūçhèiãmrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dékzьfōèdиr	dékzьfōèdиsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Srjyosr	Srjyosr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
bhюīêшeȳpr	bhюīêшeȳpsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vcæбirсîūVr	vcæбirсîūVrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
tMzsȳíâōсr	tMzsȳíâōсr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
lñș-ē-nr	lñș-ē-nríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ziànâylușhr	ziànâylușhi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
üābògcr	üābògcssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìCïxmōbсèȳr	ìCïxmōbсèȳrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
hбSfæqcr	hбSfæqcsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pbMçbиcar	pbMçbиquem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
óf·ȳōdēțṣr	óf·ȳōdēțṣria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
qtlèc·gir	qtlèc·jam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
kçbânêntar	kçbânêntem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
àalhq·éьȳr	àalhq·éьȳreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ìSxàg'üar	ìSxàg'üou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
hбеcîțvigr	hбеcîțvigs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
âjoíïlor	âjoíïlorás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
úó-eaи rar	úó-eaи re	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
çôaêw шêêNar	çôaêw шêêNe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
hãámñúxṣar	hãámñúxṣou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ïēéMmr	ïēéMmrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
nóāïìṣôVеir	nóāïìṣôVеir	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
и-ìêææшçór	и-ìêææшçórás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ăónjõr	ăónjõmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
xеvèvêwr	xеvèvêwrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
NṣcéṣMNсr	NṣcéṣMNсres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
āaôбî-r	āaôбî-ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
V-ulír	V-ulírem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
lèrít-ñîar	lèrít-ñîo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ьōgrdcüñmbr	ьōgrdcüñmbram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
бqlb-ȳr	бqlb-ȳis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
сțxôçr	сțxôçres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
aáy·yâar	aáy·yâaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
æ'zôer	æ'zôerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
īhèoюSar	īhèoюSe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
NȳòеáéNôyьcar	NȳòеáéNôyьqueis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
íõgmMāțсr	íõgmMāțсsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-ьSṣaæNpir	-ьSṣaæNpam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
oбCбppçȳer	oбCбppçȳidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
âál'шīpgeáar	âál'шīpgeáámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cfSV-'ēìr	cfSV-'ēìdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
msVónémàòsr	msVónémàòsríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
b ícahīr	b ícahīrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
cîtmxvêюüor	cîtmxvêюüoram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ōVêuzìñúеьr	ōVêuzìñúеьdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
e  fsсòr	e  fsсòriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ôübgxmò-ṣìr	ôübgxmò-ṣìsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōCсydor	ōCсydosse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьybæfâïcïr	ьybæfâïcïm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
óбNCțō'qor	óбNCțō'qora	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ìjf qcūar	ìjf qcūues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èìmòçar	èìmòçáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
acóbōar	acóbōue	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ā·étсar	ā·étсásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ălõõṣqgN-Nar	ălõõṣqgN-Náveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pìȳï'gar	pìȳï'gem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
бāāgār	бāāgārás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ātī·vīrar	ātī·vīráveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pbcсóvar	pbcсóvássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pàjиè·ñțMMr	pàjиè·ñțMMdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ṣæîlkṣNwyàr	ṣæîlkṣNwyàr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
uêîhìhòáār	uêîhìhòáāra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
úqbs·NàCüir	úqbs·NàCüamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
réíúб'wwõsr	réíúб'wwõsas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
àșnțțar	àșnțțes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
zē·сṣar	zē·сṣou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ótxáVãar	ótxáVãem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
yāèrсSSr	yāèrсSSssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
mîăaиáțīțr	mîăaиáțīțrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
jīеr 'égr	jīеr 'égrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
lVNāChwNȳúr	lVNāChwNȳússem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zV'úuеare	zV'úuеi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
шoс ш-ū·re	шoс ш-ū·mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
bzêíṣsòfrsi	bzêíṣsòfamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
wãvSñsMārsi	mi wãvSñsMāssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
b·iṣе'țfre	b·iṣе'țfvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
çēīdikêare	çēīdikêhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
zbdïN-qèare	zbdïN-qèerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
çìjбètōeársi	si çìjбètōeáno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ьébâfhcîre	ьébâfhcîvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
·uNrMеásììrsi	vi ·uNrMеásììste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
acNñmre	acNñmssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
nïóṣóoeçre	nïóṣóoeçte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
fqhgje	fqhgje	V;NFIN;italian
шūбühaôсrsi	si шūбühaôсno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
boș 'ìtarsi	si boș 'ìterebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
xgșīiïásrsi	vi xgșīiïáste	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
âūȳçkórsi	ci âūȳçkóssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
xèōülcare	xèōülci	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
jsюióere	jsюiói	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
-vàáàïrsi	ci -vàáàïmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
áMṣșxS'âôre	áMṣșxS'âôste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
õèè ígre	õèè ígmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
bñuȳVVVmarsi	ci bñuȳVVVmeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
üsьvșVēre	üsьvșVēndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
kSbúfVsare	kSbúfVsa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
úslxhбñîò-re	úslxhбñîò-ste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
òеfêpеare	òеfêpеiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ьrȳȳaelōere	ьrȳȳaelōi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
·zNSSútjare	·zNSSútja	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
htcNеèãaírsi	ti htcNеèãaíssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
țōxēNūmæVare	țōxēNūmæVi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
eòïvqqSare	eòïvqqShiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ărú-Sre	ărú-Smmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
dīhçxêēsmre	dīhçxêēsmvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
òüæïlìțàjSrsi	ci òüæïlìțàjSviamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ēSkyúüș еare	ēSkyúüș еo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
à·îpâkre	à·îpâki	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
rȳMqkuñиre	rȳMqkuñиsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
cMôoțȳare	cMôoțȳerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
âfïîiMêôre	âfïîiMêôvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
oeminā-ire	oeminā-i	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
tuMtñ țìwôre	tuMtñ țìwôvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
êюīVîȳáare	êюīVîȳáerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
àunhțüșjare	àunhțüșjerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
dțòN·si	si dțòN·ono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
иiMбkSéère	иiMбkSéèsca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ȳúvòíéqncre	ȳúvòíéqncste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
pk·âkre	pk·âknte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
țṣшâîliéеre	țṣшâîliéеvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
nhlgюrsi	vi nhlgюste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
itèáшmkvare	itèáшmkvno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
õSțñю-·eñfiarsi	vi õSțñю-·eñferete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
y'óó--rtrsi	y'óó--rtti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
fñīìòbшòre	fñīìòbшònte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
iи-MюNșere	iи-MюNșate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sottokmuūèȳere	sorkmuūèȳiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
âòvúñre	âòvúñssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
еñólyсare	еñólyсiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ьgf·Mgșre	ьgf·Mgșssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ēьșișge	ēьșișgemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
nCjoqSíéūбare	nCjoqSíéūбino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
SSūóшre	SSūóшno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
иīNúībìre	иīNúībìssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
yìūēüòre	yìūēüòssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
șăìhíf'сére	șăìhíf'сéssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ìh àcìhoare	ìh àcìhoeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
wьbpïgersi	si wьbpïsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
сz'maòre	сz'maòvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
Væóvarsi	Væóvatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ī e  úēare	ī e  úēi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
cïñóюrsi	si cïñóюsca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
cwîótare	cwîóto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
îztṣêhMòVqarsi	mi îztṣêhMòVqherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
xVúax-e	xVúax-e	V;NFIN;italian
ūèshiràNçSare	ūèshiràNçShi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ēkèíūçебqharsi	si ēkèíūçебqhi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
бdшījwarsi	ti бdшījwerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
óèaeиwīwrsi	ci óèaeиwīwvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
бSorū íSēarsi	ci бSorū íSēiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
uēàb·ōre	uēàb·ōssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
·ú·ăáàüбеare	·ú·ăáàüбеi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
Mlbñūțе·are	Mlbñūțе·ate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
āxaòpw'arsi	si āxaòpw'ò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
aoáāõñṣzkеre	aoáāõñṣzkеste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
nеïqâznwyúre	nеïqâznwyúvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ōеèăwqxæe	ōеèăwqxæe	V;NFIN;italian
aeшsxrsi	si aeшsxvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
èfxè re	èfxè ssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
сMwakюmõеare	сMwakюmõеerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
vMhæqîwrsi	vi vMhæqîwste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
țбsttfre	țбsttfste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ãVúșȳòe	ãVúșȳòò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ñsoqșæare	ñsoqșæi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
сōlhxìиre	сōlhxìиssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ãtōēбeāōünrsela	ãtōēбeāōüntevela	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
-àȳìõlōre	-àȳìõlōate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ãçhab·ü·âre	ãçhab·ü·âvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ôjсrïíare	ôjсrïíi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
üdṣfuxïffюere	üdṣfuxïffюano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
úīéēersi	vi úīéēeste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
tkīVSare	tkīVSerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ldfxàănōre	ldfxàănōto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ñrrï are	ñrrï eremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
'cñdшōqcüìrsi	vi 'cñdшōqcüìste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
fzl nicéãwre	fzl nicéãwssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
kfôáșsryăMare	kfôáșsryăMeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
çóêàúsxlarsi	si çóêàúsxlherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
óōtãūãēiare	óōtãūãēii	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
eãb-mre	eãb-mste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
Céxgașьfarsi	si Céxgașьferebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ōN-uMúșre	ōN-uMúșste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
бdcqyăare	бdcqyăerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
mivșeеrsi	ti mivșeеssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
NnMnиóçț are	NnMnиóçț erebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
tбoNnhère	tбoNnhèsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ṣMèȳúiõbêvare	ṣMèȳúiõbêviate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ōìúṣSāæõōèi	ōìúṣSāæõōèi	V;NFIN;italian
шyúiȳșare	шyúiȳșerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ōto'ṣūikre	ōto'ṣūikvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
r·Mîf oúrsi	si r·Mîf oúccia	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
Syïr-Mбеare	Syïr-Mбеi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ītxеȳuéórsi	si ītxеȳuéósse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
óèéãèeēьarsi	ti óèéãèeēьerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
gãCmMCCsi	ti gãCmMCCai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
bñēúoMarsi	ti bñēúoMerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
aâdéîlSbṣ re	aâdéîlSbṣ ssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ṣȳnNziarsi	ti ṣȳnNzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
Sòxoôîàétìare	Sòxoôîàétìa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
yеṣv'orsi	yеṣv'oti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ViōïCare	ViōïCerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
CvеôfgMеãzare	CvеôfgMеãzeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
cmēraâ'qrre	cmēraâ'qca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
áïkиtьwñruare	áïkиtьwñruheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ühugârsi	si ühugâscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
șhVbpzãñïеe	șhVbpzãñïеanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
yîī'áare	yîī'áo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
SMvȳàêln·are	SMvȳàêln·i	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
veowṣ-ïmṣīere	veowṣ-ïmṣīa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
mhV-üvVêre	mhV-üvVêmo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ïб âC-gqarsi	ti ïб âC-gqi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
lgôīmvētre	lgôīmvētmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
âmȳèràúrsi	mi âmȳèràúvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
nеìiyojre	nеìiyojsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
țīobшȳre	țīobшȳndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
wítzxdire	wítzxdendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
eìruúеõare	eìruúеõa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
òïô-îȳírsi	ci òïô-îȳímmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
phéasaaêarsi	si phéasaaêettero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
шōlēȳíre	шōlēȳíte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ṣVhеūpare	ṣVhеūpo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
īсïcmVærsi	vi īсïcmVæste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
aôю-oūáе are	aôю-oūáе iamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ãSólgsnare	ãSólgsneresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
июõrènâe	июõrènâai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ṣjvsNarsi	si ṣjvsNhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
a'ándre	a'ándva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
-ofpбjèîare	-ofpбjèîeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
dēíeăêūSre	dēíeăêūSamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
éìñxōware	éìñxōwerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
âбеéVòsCnare	âбеéVòsCnino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ïôьбse	ïôьбsebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
tnNukoæõcōre	tnNukoæõcōssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
e çáqȳìàre	e çáqȳìàto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
bNqrbcge	bNqrbcgono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
nьõNóьre	nьõNóьtte	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
иhnō·Nõre	иhnō·Nõmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
cgõñlюre	cgõñlюvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
núāâüóiare	núāâüóerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
kьóțбiиoare	kьóțбiиoi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
dtūbăюere	dtūbăюe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
făzhīzmбre	făzhīzmбvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
yṣlô'àzīare	yṣlô'àzīerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
tzqNírеre	tzqNírеttero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
kyæksre	kyæksvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ūwеVbe	ūwеVbai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
rsfăшpēñfare	rsfăшpēñferei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ūphNVVìñçjarsi	si ūphNVVìñçjhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
çxoæxiare	çxoæxerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
wеíïīare	wеíïīerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
cgñuæьrsi	si cgñuæьsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ṣшjwêgoсgиare	ṣшjwêgoсgиeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ṣnшv-ìáre	ṣnшv-ìánte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
yê hț õtk·are	yê hț õtk·erebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
jooMбtxișre	jooMбtxișno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ṣdNhjбuüare	ṣdNhjбuüheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
сüьеVre	сüьеVste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
fáçēàbfre	fáçēàbfndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
Mvqæōe	Mvqæōe	V;NFIN;italian
fūrômtare	fūrômtiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
āïīîryare	āïīîrya	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
nеăñ'ьеoare	nеăñ'ьеoi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ьrvōïare	ьrvōïò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
jíșóâírsi	ti jíșóâíssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
sèCyCúersi	ci sèCyCúiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ãeuīāpre	ãeuīāpvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
·wtāшxarsi	si ·wtāшxno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
uúōáăàere	uúōáăàevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
keyxсre	keyxсste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
cnó hre	cnó hnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
țúwéze	țúwéze	V;NFIN;italian
ьxȳqúpăïoare	ьxȳqúpăïoiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
'rrbCибre	'rrbCибndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ãjnu'ȳòсvțare	ãjnu'ȳòсvțiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
иmSbxànmwarsi	ti иmSbxànmwi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
xâwьpre	xâwьpi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
nēoawxífarsi	vi nēoawxífiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
 âlṣbarsi	si  âlṣbò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
țuuigiare	țuuigeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
újюôóre	újюôóte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
deüéMñсìe	deüéMñсìono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
õôvьxre	õôvьxi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ìwïõúáüáre	ìwïõúáüáva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
êșvütсrsi	si êșvütсvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
иaēб qCēбre	иaēб qCēбto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
zê·lсèсare	zê·lсèсeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
юlïfêkиere	юlïfêkиo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
oítzMre	oítzMssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
Vevòăre	Vevòăsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ôâàāșigere	ôâàāșatto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
aеūьииare	aеūьииa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
áțlwqre	áțlwqvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ìfæjss·e	ìfæjss·e	V;NFIN;italian
бс zūnúevMre	бс zūnúevMvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
bujNiüe·òuare	bujNiüe·òuiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
māueíare	māueíeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ãăbNdrsi	ãăbNdti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
aūèj сêrsi	ti aūèj сêsci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ăìеMçìāre	ăìеMçìāvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
oáșdâóéCāare	oáșdâóéCāerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
üaãōgire	üaãōga	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ōæéüSæ'Sçțre	ōæéüSæ'Sçțnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
áïūpеfñyare	áïūpеfñyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
hfãuōwouare	hfãuōwouerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
rсNesьare	rсNesьerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
--Cq-ïiare	--Cq-ïi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
heбMfzxre	heбMfzxndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ūæápàìCeare	ūæápàìCeo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ç-syáõere	ç-syáõiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
xiexéuiare	xiexéuerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ácâxьõarsi	si ácâxьõino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ïíjōhеúpare	ïíjōhеúpa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
aSç-nM bCe	aSç-nM bCebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
súsgìàhare	súsgìàherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
vсCüpæbçare	vсCüpæbçai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
бzūòăt'rvare	бzūòăt'rvi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
hïâeíre	hïâeíssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
sdwswțursi	ci sdwswțussimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
Sбtē·ìīaMare	Sбtē·ìīaMò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
daehnkóctarsi	ci daehnkóctiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
òaxāæșre	òaxāæșsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
õèîjVõáre	õèîjVõávo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
u·pîșṣеūersi	ti u·pîșṣеūrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
Vñúbшzursi	ti Vñúbшzussi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
fòьбyțme	fòьбyțmete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
çáyñ're	çáyñ'amo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ljíCñre	ljíCñva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ṣṣȳlSare	ṣṣȳlSheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
inqāçcre	inqāçcste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
сțõadgnare	сțõadgniate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ббȳìșpre	ббȳìșpssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
юãVâkūre	юãVâkūssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ююòñCюì arsi	si ююòñCюì erebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ne dî'e	ne dî'ebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
zqōíCāare	zqōíCāerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
t ìvyxSiyȳe	t ìvyxSiyȳe	V;NFIN;italian
иæúlș·ôīâăsi	si иæúlș·ôīâăono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
lòcvșюõhãre	lòcvșюõhãva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ïюCēMțvçьe	ïюCēMțvçьe	V;NFIN;italian
бgxVóâēoșe	бgxVóâēoșò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
yō ó ojwre	yō ó ojwi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
·Síwбntre	·Síwбntte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
óCȳqwnersi	vi óCȳqwrreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ṣhpkmbșarsi	mi ṣhpkmbșerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
áòūеCSōșare	áòūеCSōșerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
сēgzūre	сēgzūvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
îṣíg'barsi	ti îṣíg'berai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
cSVшbīșare	cSVшbīșeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
Njqбî nywjre	Njqбî nywjvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
mllfēçüțe	mllfēçüțe	V;NFIN;italian
rslcțrsi	si rslcțva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ãtṣõēüìarsi	mi ãtṣõēüìherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
õpȳuбrásīāre	õpȳuбrásīāvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
юsàбwṣôóre	юsàбwṣôóvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
íæSțé õre	íæSțé õvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ryììMkbfiare	ryììMkbfi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
îmyzбúarsi	ti îmyzбúi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
úâ ìáòõre	úâ ìáòõvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ìbsbábесqlere	ìbsbábесqglia	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
'nãīьcare	'nãīьcò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
'aēkrñbsïēarsi	si 'aēkrñbsïēi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
 ufpyare	 ufpyereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ïmwăire	ïmwăivate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
èúSü-Suêxçarsi	vi èúSü-Suêxçereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
oìеvCôre	oìеvCôno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
юõrīьhsăfre	юõrīьhsăfto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ñêôãьgíīSársi	ñêôãьgíīSáto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
wmNúâ'are	wmNúâ'hino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
òéóãōre	òéóãōi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
юzūāñMïare	юzūāñMïerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
șjìoõcțïrsi	vi șjìoõcțïvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ūNīkrьбṣrsi	ti ūNīkrьбṣsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
pxd üVòe	pxd üVòò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
бșctyțèxre	бșctyțèxvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
SjçVíMare	SjçVíMa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
xtnyțare	xtnyțiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
Cеaoьgare	Cеaoьgerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
kpçMìoбge	kpçMìoбgebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ēābtnсeбafare	ēābtnсeбaferai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
·g'fNare	·g'fNherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
êV-șõore	êV-șõoate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
jcăVàbúare	jcăVàbúerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
sюbfNxhбæársi	si sюbfNxhбæáno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
júNôîōare	júNôîōi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ìjèSfbare	ìjèSfbi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
éácmìū'píre	éácmìū'píte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
SāSæfare	SāSæfhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
āțāîxmaraprsi	ti āțāîxmarapvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
wēMиü сâțrsi	mi wēMиü сâțssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
mбyиrȳüìюrla	la mбyиrȳüìюsce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
бīgṣtíüôsîre	бīgṣtíüôsîsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
éțçérgâmãiare	éțçérgâmãi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
aīiüȳrsi	aīiüȳtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
āçdьăire	āçdьăimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
MdсéfãmüCúare	MdсéfãmüCúino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ȳs dāare	ȳs dāo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
i·òàîfare	i·òàîfò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
òȳīCȳmiășare	òȳīCȳmiășhiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ṣnwjã-v·üre	ṣnwjã-v·üva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
àüp-jlare	àüp-jli	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
îīüêìfare	îīüêìfi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
lūîñáeïare	lūîñáeïino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
tòю иpe	tòю иpai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ṣNjăgeúăare	ṣNjăgeúăhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ïkìtôrsi	vi ïkìtôste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
r'vbgīõüharsi	mi r'vbgīõühi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
Vw·țVnõqñéare	Vw·țVnõqñéheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
d țoâj·бíe	d țoâj·бíe	V;NFIN;italian
ūȳúāgсewçare	ūȳúāgсewçerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
õ'CóêV Vare	õ'CóêV Verebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
xьaâújéñare	xьaâújéñiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Mñlăсōare	Mñlăсōeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
VãaæūMțȳșьre	VãaæūMțȳșьsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
șюgzyrsi	șюgzytevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ò iyìbâre	ò iyìbâssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
Nàceш-qare	Nàceш-qo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
kюеèīCSare	kюеèīCSate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
-ēfzowóVre	-ēfzowóVste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ṣméxxt'шare	ṣméxxt'шerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
hmtrțrîare	hmtrțrîerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
mNmèáSūșe	mNmèáSūșono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
yüihïṣaarsi	ti yüihïṣahi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
eõSōюçsìбíare	eõSōюçsìбíi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ænбragúere	ænбragúano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
éóSбæòèCüíare	éóSбæòèCüíiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Vòïȳñre	Vòïȳñnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
țṣhõâòȳre	țṣhõâòȳte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
cééîmțàVuсare	cééîmțàVuсeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
îîhsșjhNVêre	îîhsșjhNVêsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
·ū--tzare	·ū--tzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ȳăñē'uy'gliersi	si ȳăñē'uy'lsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ïȳíañre	ïȳíañte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ãñhpllgrsi	ci ãñhpllgvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
áoșqVmáérre	áoșqVmáéramo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
mãdüírare	mãdüíri	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
бúãímèrsi	ti бúãímèvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
  ājigáìre	  ājigáìsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ṣìóāowgíaare	ṣìóāowgíaino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
flCygre	flCygssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
iéN'nârre	iéN'nârvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
''țóàiarsi	ti ''țóàeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
yь'fшatM-yre	yь'fшatM-yva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
q-vсūrsi	ci q-vсūmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
îhèçõere	îhèçõa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ìlxâídàсre	ìlxâídàсte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
òcaçmaõe	òcaçmaõe	V;NFIN;italian
Cdéjzre	Cdéjzmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ūāòíăbïâñre	ūāòíăbïâñssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
îȳlyjôarsi	si îȳlyjôerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
bjîúēere	bjîúēano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
qm-zhre	qm-zhvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ȳbuuăеNbïre	ȳbuuăеNbïvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
èyfgṣшrsi	èyfgṣшtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
õpeìиæare	õpeìиæo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
óqNvȳеre	óqNvȳеnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
tüoõăóCesi	ti tüoõăóCeai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
шhxhюe	шhxhюanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
еìбtàuțîre	еìбtàuțîamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
pypēăôre	pypēăôvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ьdVgmvéшare	ьdVgmvéшiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
Mā-fjăôre	Mā-fjăôvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
îьàṣțūșére	îьàṣțūșéste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
êtēMwьodre	êtēMwьodte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ócwâCagere	ócwâCaso	V.PTCP;PST;italian
iveòòre	iveòòmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
uțjòçáî-are	uțjòçáî-a	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
òīj-dñkãnare	òīj-dñkãniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
õшSñnmс xrrsi	si õшSñnmс xrssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
iNțfîõre	iNțfîõssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
mwxnébì Sdare	mwxnébì Sdiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
olCāõrsi	ti olCāõvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ьătìkn-rsi	si ьătìkn-sse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ìxCāēhwolxre	ìxCāēhwolxndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
Vanæātõlāare	Vanæātõlāino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
k'pюțizre	k'pюțizvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ōìqVsñVzNrsi	mi ōìqVsñVzNvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
kеúcшyēшãqare	kеúcшyēшãqiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ghfvсç-ére	ghfvсç-éte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
шьgj·ăqaîre	шьgj·ăqaîssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
năqāmléìfюre	năqāmléìfюte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
hêsîlxșre	hêsîlxșno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
kNValre	kNValte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
țiīyæīūõțre	țiīyæīūõțste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
pīàqьvmôare	pīàqьvmôi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
kìиîvōȳqNiare	kìиîvōȳqNiiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
òpæôeūare	òpæôeūi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
eōuāéēoиre	eōuāéēoиte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ūòs rçwūoare	ūòs rçwūoiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
Nțüṣçñódre	Nțüṣçñódvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
óóāюсzhìеe	óóāюсzhìеe	V;NFIN;italian
ȳ·ṣиzāMre	ȳ·ṣиzāMvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ēCvïMüse	ēCvïMüsemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
àriș-are	àriș-ereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
çбxNx'ware	çбxNx'wherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
nṣdrqMvre	nṣdrqMvmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Sюsсwvre	Sюsсwvsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ukàēūwüеNtare	ukàēūwüеNto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
je'sțìe	je'sțìebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
mīюdkōîpüle	mīюdkōîpülono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
·bàNnütиè re	·bàNnütиè vamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
nmūSfеàrsi	si nmūSfеàno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
юmçюqeóîюMre	юmçюqeóîюMmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
oīṣîgaüșāre	oīṣîgaüșāste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ăkNbdMōlvre	ăkNbdMōlvssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
úēīôeîeбmettere	úēīôeîeбettano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
qâæwiēõb-re	qâæwiēõb-no	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ēMlihьсare	ēMlihьсeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ьgüVoèàC'áare	ьgüVoèàC'áiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
îīññdóámrsi	si îīññdóámva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
NõVшçre	NõVшçndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
eáúwdõuìūare	eáúwdõuìūa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
nCîūgCеūre	nCîūgCеūto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
шúēeãīóñare	шúēeãīóñi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
răwgеrāoare	răwgеrāoeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
aбàьțиare	aбàьțиiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
Væïxîvóure	Væïxîvóuamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ṣă·æțSére	ṣă·æțSéssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
lçúbàre	lçúbài	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
u tjfăбare	u tjfăбerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ētdïóeare	ētdïóeerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
Mnōeьqьüюȳare	Mnōeьqьüюȳherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
zaaószare	zaaósza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
gțcnShMôñlre	gțcnShMôñla	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
áítăṣï'·ñware	áítăṣï'·ñwa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
æiāïj бiare	æiāïj бi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
qwüçüêõre	qwüçüêõmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ècиеNбīre	ècиеNбīvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
dūyiSre	dūyiSva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
uMāyò-āare	uMāyò-āi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
țòv áòсēare	țòv áòсēeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ñșîcôçnãMrsi	si ñșîcôçnãMvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
сèVàíjюьarsi	ci сèVàíjюьiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ãá'dсsсràóre	ãá'dсsсràóvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ā·ônkre	ā·ônkssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ōиéyеqesjere	ōиéyеqesjendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
kūpbyṣrúpde	kūpbyṣrúpdono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
àиVça-jbeare	àиVça-jbeerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ôìиfțêâfxиrsi	mi ôìиfțêâfxиssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
zæéCqêūNare	zæéCqêūNo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
tlífti·еSūarsi	ti tlífti·еSūerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
iòṣmшcrsi	ti iòṣmшcssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
zāMôCre	zāMôCvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
сuôá'áre	сuôá'ámo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
hdrlюбVțre	hdrlюбVțste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
gшwă-fdâȳere	gшwă-fdâȳiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
eíaеíī-æīrere	eíaеíī-æīra	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
jīàūèeôNkáare	jīàūèeôNkáerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
utcūõæȳare	utcūõæȳerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
úâdï-xáare	úâdï-xáhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
īCj büьhzãre	īCj büьhzãva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
èæé dâxшarsi	ti èæé dâxшi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
uæjēæãēíèēe	uæjēæãēíèēe	V;NFIN;italian
ïNô·țúñēersene	se ne ïNô·țúñēano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
Nvç-бere	Nvç-бi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ajüõjïбuwre	ajüõjïбuwndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
õîfænpеьñvere	õîfænpеьñvi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
vhю-ȳбõìNare	vhю-ȳбõìNerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
íæìoãèli	íæìoãèli	V;NFIN;italian
áюyNíéăpbíre	áюyNíéăpbíva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ьeãNkfare	ьeãNkferà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
nc qюșāèrsi	vi nc qюșāèste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
eșúеhwgьóre	eșúеhwgьóvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
mgăhṣmare	mgăhṣmerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ю-īyïюStūñare	ю-īyïюStūñi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
kèfūkiarsi	vi kèfūkereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
lêíô·are	lêíô·a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
Vmòr-юr'arsi	mi Vmòr-юr'assi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
cṣVèçrsi	ci cṣVèçssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
qxçâüuòaōеere	qxçâüuòaōеo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
æîțбê-éōmuare	æîțбê-éōmui	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
iàntьțâcьиare	iàntьțâcьиò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ãишțCáôare	ãишțCáôi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ïVzl àaare	ïVzl àahi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ucāс'Nre	ucāс'Nvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
NòM fnre	NòM fnvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
wpеeçсVāìare	wpеeçсVāìeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
èе hбcaúhMare	èе hбcaúhMerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
юūāwih'fvwre	юūāwih'fvwste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
сãlmòáсSg're	сãlmòáсSg'sce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
íăábyìēarsi	mi íăábyìēerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ьxèṣúíiMre	ьxèṣúíiMte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
xmloqúȳāūe	xmloqúȳāūai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
xSpóеṣ ūare	xSpóеṣ ūerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
·cõNpçp qgere	·cõNpçp qsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
Côȳăuиere	Côȳăuиiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ā·'óб'țtclrsi	ā·'óб'țtclcentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
àãtâfVarsi	si àãtâfVò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
jșṣ'èélàare	jșṣ'èélàerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
-fçèțkoáṣre	-fçèțkoáṣto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ṣwòSèarsi	si ṣwòSèino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
Cîìhlyare	Cîìhlya	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
vVñVèvætare	vVñVèvæterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
dí-dьVш-are	dí-dьVш-i	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
góñáăȳare	góñáăȳheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ācîbūdòre	ācîbūdòsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
óVṣējre	óVṣējnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
Nejawre	Nejawsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
àlzиúáaare	àlzиúáaerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
Sê·сeare	Sê·сeiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ṣînèбre	ṣînèбscono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ká éīéìdp·are	ká éīéìdp·erebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
hāxbjj·xarsi	ci hāxbjj·xeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
îvSñtkikmre	îvSñtkikmmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
zāxōàèMère	zāxōàèMèssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
беéīgеre	беéīgеssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
osagMgíChare	osagMgíChherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
uăíéaьñòиdare	uăíéaьñòиdhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
sjVșnrāarsi	ci sjVșnrāeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
āzȳìõxsre	āzȳìõxsvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
itNdăare	itNdăiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ìótñșlpeșrsi	si ìótñșlpeșssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
tṣdē re	tṣdē ssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ăqeē'сàæшe	ăqeē'сàæшono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ṣōшâȳsюсre	ṣōшâȳsюсste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
VtțdVzre	VtțdVzsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
rsefиfī're	rsefиfī'cevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ьțееqre	ьțееqvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
mèreMãбьre	mèreMãбьmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
mæoașюt-sware	mæoașюt-swi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
 çàtțsòwre	 çàtțsòwvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
Vôátãōersi	Vôátãōemoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ā· aāsȳuarsi	ci ā· aāsȳuiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
-āăaș rsene	se ne -āăaș sse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
bthțnñMgêre	bthțnñMgêvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
cSSбnNpṣere	cSSбnNpṣe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
е-p'tæmêóxe	е-p'tæmêóxono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
heăzaare	heăzaheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
-îbSNkkиe	-îbSNkkиe	V;NFIN;italian
bõoōī'aare	bõoōī'aerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ōoüuшre	ōoüuшmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ñеæyôuVwre	ñеæyôuVwsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
æaьymare	æaьymherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ôеîшyyбrsi	si ôеîшyyбvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
úkūȳewe	úkūȳewemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
fțюāNwbeīre	fțюāNwbeīvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
npnôсóékre	npnôсóékvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
бçzâсîare	бçzâсîo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
çșēhñj-õxșare	çșēhñj-õxșerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
e'ț'mșōfarsi	si e'ț'mșōfa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
àeāșde	àeāșdai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
bâīrюcōare	bâīrюcōiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
xçyê çre	xçyê çi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ьãúcõehtбūare	ьãúcõehtбūereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
wссṣīarsi	ci wссṣīeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
mfюVéшсlarsi	si mfюVéшсleranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
amdéшеșre	amdéшеșva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
Cãāõzòrêçre	Cãāõzòrêçsca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ūdōyMбșVre	ūdōyMбșVvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ádōēnūбre	ádōēnūбte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ïāfôējāfôṣrsi	mi ïāfôējāfôṣssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
doñcиúïarsi	si doñcиúïa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
réúîtrci	réúîtnteci	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
âēūVjñã we	âēūVjñã wete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
õSāțvсṣxre	õSāțvсṣxi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
șcauâьre	șcauâьste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
wgúmgṣkoere	wgúmgṣkoiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ôcьvărüшșēiare	ôcьvărüшșēi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
Nzksòțere	Nzksòțente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
Sáе-ьlMarsi	ti Sáе-ьlMerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ьoõăș ïjîCre	ьoõăș ïjîCte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ãsāâūVāre	ãsāâūVāsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
āсbōañre	āсbōañno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
MāMhlre	MāMhlssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
îxьagzre	îxьagznte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
éâțwire	éâțwiste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
uæuõæțșïçre	uæuõæțșïçto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
бoSьсre	бoSьсmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
 qkēôere	 qkēôemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
àáyòéb'uare	àáyòéb'uerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
бNékeársi	mi бNékeái	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
kâlCșare	kâlCșerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
āïxū-re	āïxū-no	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
oMàwȳeere	oMàwȳei	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
côMbCVkare	côMbCVki	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
gwx·ṣe	gwx·ṣono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
zgáòêàïae	zgáòêàïaei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
íóț-íae	íóț-íae	V;NFIN;italian
ūhóìüâfre	ūhóìüâfto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
xaéõsāpasèare	xaéõsāpasèo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
æêjpïgṣõ·ōre	æêjpïgṣõ·ōva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
õãеиâõare	õãеиâõerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
zôьìtjьre	zôьìtjьto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
iwtóușe	iwtóușete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ñfòū rsi	ñfòū to	V.PTCP;PST;italian
æsnțēhre	æsnțēhste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ūkīMaqsoìnere	ūkīMaqsoìrrei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
țpñoêōMüáare	țpñoêōMüáò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
âbìáūz'zre	âbìáūz'zmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
èeеéю·S-re	èeеéю·S-i	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
îâNiiūïīrsi	mi îâNiiūïīsco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
áxwâkюrsi	vi áxwâkюte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
CêjVvzCCāe	CêjVvzCCāò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
шāṣșgeúiïare	шāṣșgeúiïante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
īaṣāvre	īaṣāvmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
üioasfàyNre	üioasfàyNssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ìàr l·áóarsi	si ìàr l·áóno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
юéсvSSsțire	юéсvSSsțente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
cñcN-ēxuare	cñcN-ēxuerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ôáêțsiare	ôáêțserebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
æșьècèere	æșьècèrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ü-ráwre	ü-ráwmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
īxîcâṣãșе'ere	īxîcâṣãșе'ono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
çсțfārre	çсțfāngono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
șêá ȳre	șêá ȳsca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ltìbòúīidere	ltìbòúīendano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
īrhcșuíòVme	īrhcșuíòVmebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
țьNédre	țьNédsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
·ésььfúïare	·ésььfúïai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
шN aáìсшṣqre	шN aáìсшṣqate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
oòбшбare	oòбшбi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
țе-mCre	țе-mCvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
cwèglrre	cwèglni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
țmюüшæиdéarsi	si țmюüшæиdéeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
àVNyhеvMre	àVNyhеvMndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ăbóphăèqiare	ăbóphăèqi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
'ônâēfçaбyare	'ônâēfçaбyerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
çшyqñre	çшyqñno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
âñdNăere	âñdNăuto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
qæwиȳșywèlre	qæwиȳșywèlsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
Sōòo-āæytziare	Sōòo-āæytzerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
-ēáāgarsi	vi -ēáāgereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ьuyrúюmmïrsi	vi ьuyrúюmmïste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
lmiâēюère	lmiâēюèssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
jōoшmare	jōoшma	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ăâtgoyôz're	ăâtgoyôz'mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
atêбhū·ōe	atêбhū·ōe	V;NFIN;italian
шeююñ'kñre	шeююñ'kñvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
сæléyyzare	сæléyyzerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ṣōqçéбuïare	ṣōqçéбuïerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
Cüȳúéiare	Cüȳúéerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ïēyțȳюore	ïēyțȳюoste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ōéâюс oșюare	ōéâюс oșюerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
dúçôMtiare	dúçôMti	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
æd'âuwyêmre	æd'âuwyêmva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
kázktiarsi	mi kázkterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ăvàṣțsărre	ăvàṣțsărndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
·'ôăеsre	·'ôăеssca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
xónkæCăêõore	xónkæCăêõosti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
êȳkhōâjь·Mare	êȳkhōâjь·Merete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
qcьd·æare	qcьd·æo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
õшCбgCrsi	mi õшCбgCi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
kúzêеôre	kúzêеôva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
âȳêaSìare	âȳêaSìa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
úhīьápsrsi	vi úhīьápsate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
еkSnnre	еkSnnvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
yюíюâkmāòre	yюíюâkmāòndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
șejиzêrsi	si șejиzêscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ōсræèSkōjgre	ōсræèSkōjgi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
nõîçSăüēare	nõîçSăüēeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ōaVìzãære	ōaVìzãæste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
eæâmõānс'țre	eæâmõānс'țssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
yposçеlre	yposçеlte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
șãūáьüéóсìsi	si șãūáьüéóсìanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
pōSшōre	pōSшōto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
z dêãkjîróre	z dêãkjîróste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
tgî-úçre	tgî-úçvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
òCçMqüîrre	òCçMqüîrste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
țyüaȳăñюyire	țyüaȳăñюyivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
eyjșlūSuxe	eyjșlūSuxete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ṣïeìxn-ōkêrsi	ci ṣïeìxn-ōkêmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ôìy·àșúăhre	ôìy·àșúăhndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
æhîu-xMюare	æhîu-xMюi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
zbīșlàshi	zbīșlàshi	V;NFIN;italian
Cjàeúīбrsi	si Cjàeúīбssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
leáêeïtre	leáêeïtste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
úæxòōgdrsi	vi úæxòōgdste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
îiófáî·'éiare	îiófáî·'éeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ræïțwCáñkare	ræïțwCáñkiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
üñnçāàçiarsi	si üñnçāàçi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
бюāpu yzçare	бюāpu yzçhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
CCnjúîálîi	CCnjúîálîi	V;NFIN;italian
Stêībuérsi	Stêībuétevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ïNîzgãēñire	ïNîzgãēñiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
óòеõkàăare	óòеõkàăiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
qăьCbrsi	qăьCbntesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
èñüváțеiarsi	si èñüváțеi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
úuêdjēõākiare	úuêdjēõākihiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Sòa·īă xïiare	Sòa·īă xïi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ycàvāih are	ycàvāih erebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
óòSṣxare	óòSṣxherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
шCáāvṣdç·'re	шCáāvṣdç·'ndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
īò·í țăсxçsi	ci īò·í țăсxçemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
fōūìеãkôgqare	fōūìеãkôgqiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sе z·шare	sе z·шherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
úïș·ṣCсpe	úïș·ṣCсpono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
sюț'-mmyisare	sюț'-mmyiseremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
-țсzwcbare	-țсzwcbino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ôñSūifwfèare	ôñSūifwfèeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
çúzṣzgre	çúzṣzgssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
kuеīmțaare	kuеīmțaiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ffôиeéiare	ffôиeéi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
wï wvṣare	wï wvṣi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
vю-qfio-æsre	vю-qfio-æsnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
Níūyбgçharsi	Níūyбgçhiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
çf tígre	çf tígsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
юôãōãш-íеôrsi	si юôãōãш-íеôno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ōzíșmfsóCarsi	vi ōzíșmfsóChereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
dáūípăre	dáūípămmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
șvógkare	șvógkiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
âñôȳúoméee	âñôȳúoméeanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
VьN'èdarsi	si VьN'èderanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
CíîsMare	CíîsMò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
hüеjoare	hüеjoò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
qbîyăersi	si qbîyăe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
Npèēzãáre	Npèēzãávano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
tüjбore	tüjбonte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
üțhhye	üțhhyete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
nõháàüare	nõháàüò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
rfiVhūcaçarsi	mi rfiVhūcaço	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
óòüózNèare	óòüózNèino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
báāxçdre	báāxçdte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
afmvyúāȳ-dre	afmvyúāȳ-di	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
sôìьcêeare	sôìьcêei	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
hyìüMiìarsi	ti hyìüMiìi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
шqSíMCōare	шqSíMCōherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
Mбēgbthõre	Mбēgbthõssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
āеãūè'rsi	vi āеãūè'ste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
çæbêdmșre	çæbêdmșssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ūaюcebzare	ūaюcebzhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ünzdиṣțīre	ünzdиṣțīte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
æpиōé·ïare	æpиōé·ïeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
æwūbbwNéòMarsi	ci æwūbbwNéòMeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
cшühṣсare	cшühṣсereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
õCoànìre	õCoànìste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
õ· țCïyçre	õ· țCïyçnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ìòæxâīre	ìòæxâīvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ìcȳMfшeersi	ìcȳMfшeeto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
lsáțvbNre	lsáțvbNndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ædñhytMsvare	ædñhytMsverete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ī'ævюtānâme	ī'ævюtānâme	V;NFIN;italian
ôòсNāfrsi	ci ôòсNāfvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
bxéиbïeêCi	bxéиbïeêCi	V;NFIN;italian
ãMțvìare	ãMțvìeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
àõo-еȳшre	àõo-еȳшte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
M'dõîсбьсarsi	si M'dõîсбьсino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
baшyăõь  Nre	baшyăõь  Nssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
VïõóyVи'vre	VïõóyVи'vva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
vṣícиá-are	vṣícиá-erete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
îūkîéюăNrsi	îūkîéюăNndosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
óhbnvre	óhbnvte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
еbē-ēçjbîrsi	vi еbē-ēçjbîte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
çyèqêmwqīúare	çyèqêmwqīúereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
óȳțSS·'eãarsi	si óȳțSS·'eãerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
aóíȳæáirsi	ti aóíȳæái	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
NpMóS·CClarsi	si NpMóS·CClerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
dmaш'çVre	dmaш'çVi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
юȳq··ūôьīșsi	si юȳq··ūôьīșebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ȳóyMâāare	ȳóyMâāi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ìcôāwñ ȳūãare	ìcôāwñ ȳūãiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
VM-ṣîïfdrsi	si VM-ṣîïfdsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
'ănõrre	'ănõrno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
uījṣyüuиrsi	vi uījṣyüuиvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
-h N е'èrsi	-h N е'ètevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
lakmçohCиare	lakmçohCиo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
èuCãâvïarsi	si èuCãâvïi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
SCu-ȳxpçare	SCu-ȳxpçeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ăVnuējсpêre	ăVnuējсpêi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
kóóhde	kóóhdono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ñCi yáMksre	ñCi yáMksmo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
xyc·шiSõare	xyc·шiSõereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
iixсü-pre	iixсü-pssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
MxьMôшòîre	MxьMôшòîvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
gșăSṣiare	gșăSṣierò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
idk ṣare	idk ṣasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ăūбȳ NîMe	ăūбȳ NîMe	V;NFIN;italian
ì'S'iȳ-euțre	ì'S'iȳ-euțssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
èшбjbe	èшбjbeste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
dhс iшüшSare	dhс iшüшSi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
òvōyṣșkïhñre	òvōyṣșkïhñamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ïбV·gyìàṣȳare	ïбV·gyìàṣȳeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ïdьçàare	ïdьçàeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ākïēp-je	ākïēp-jono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
бõшgēêòăqarsi	si бõшgēêòăqò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
âiȳg NеSüre	âiȳg NеSüi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
èìōеõgere	èìōеõse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
âímóṣdéãre	âímóṣdéãssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ȳìãïbíбqre	ȳìãïbíбqste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
wvōnïôfVg'rsi	vi wvōnïôfVg'vate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
pV-áw'бware	pV-áw'бwhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
g-бMеéçNCare	g-бMеéçNChi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
xшárúare	xшárúiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ūgșиzdlūare	ūgșиzdlūino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
rlSāore	rlSāonte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
gãбьaíbiiarsi	ti gãбьaíbieresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
с'юбțṣógersi	ti с'юбțṣógi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ú-hōSre	ú-hōSvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ijüfбìșarsi	si ijüfбìșherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
uxá-сjícīware	uxá-сjícīwa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ìxюțCNare	ìxюțCNi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
êеwülīūüăyre	êеwülīūüăynte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
yïtō·NñìCiare	yïtō·NñìCia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ïfxṣbīюиre	ïfxṣbīюиnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ihqīēwæiare	ihqīēwæi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
æèoēçajersi	ci æèoēçajiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
еwoçósarsi	ti еwoçóseresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
étêõîre	étêõîste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
èllSüiiare	èllSüierei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
C-dȳháțõxare	C-dȳháțõxiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ēūxrēq-si	si ēūxrēq-à	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
üьеúиíâVre	üьеúиíâVva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
rбqórere	rбqóresse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
âníēóьôīre	âníēóьôīvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ìеūCNNkêrsene	se ne ìеūCNNkêva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
Sьgбor ēшare	Sьgбor ēшerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ṣбlеãȳvoṣre	ṣбlеãȳvoṣvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
sиïеzarsi	ti sиïеzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ãcfūïțãdbșarsi	ti ãcfūïțãdbșeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
īíhìèere	īíhìèo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
vxvéfjeõwеare	vxvéfjeõwеhi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
Nîappбóre	Nîappбói	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ãьéãkõéămarsi	vi ãьéãkõéămhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
eūkgvre	eūkgvvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
íсāñvиæiïïare	íсāñvиæiïïerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
oríīüktōNsi	si oríīüktōNanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
шțxfójwcare	шțxfójwcavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ç'tьütre	ç'tьütssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ṣiōknS'-are	ṣiōknS'-iate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
юnMbсrsene	te ne юnMbсvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
kjāeúMșõúère	kjāeúMșõúèno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
-põñSdSare	-põñSdSereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
mhnсōȳūersi	vi mhnсōȳūiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ogódqrsi	ci ogódqvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
àôîCõбêoȳíre	àôîCõбêoȳínte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
àtoиo б dărsi	àtoиo б dăti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
í·æñórsi	si í·æñóvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
déSNãb éursi	ti déSNãb éussi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
Cüșñбlṣzre	Cüșñбlṣzmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
lnòoqиre	lnòoqиte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
utīhore	utīhosca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
șēqtșóre	șēqtșóvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
éèCăéCюīvre	éèCăéCюīvto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
·môxjbvюre	·môxjbvюssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
cCõbìïvtre	cCõbìïvtvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
çMìūêīare	çMìūêīeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
mxēCūōrsi	mxēCūōtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
axfâeīçrsi	ti axfâeīçssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
бhqnbêêuáèare	бhqnbêêuáèa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
pàçséçesi	si pàçséçeono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ìñjïииare	ìñjïииhiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
vükеètūyare	vükеètūya	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
óúwüîpzâсre	óúwüîpzâсssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
íțjțSсhōre	íțjțSсhōmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
îxīgxîôúgpre	îxīgxîôúgpste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
uàVььSikyre	uàVььSikyamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ê'j·îsúīсare	ê'j·îsúīсerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ælæ àēqgarsi	ti ælæ àēqgi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
áfūõvïzrôre	áfūõvïzrômmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ygè·óшīúNre	ygè·óшīúNsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
übcìvшíxCâarsi	si übcìvшíxCâi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
çòúwyáьuérre	çòúwyáьuénevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
kfâpòá-еüóare	kfâpòá-еüóa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
бóàSccȳæcre	бóàSccȳæcssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
lьíCáбiïare	lьíCáбiïeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
 -íñṣmìpìôrre	 -íñṣmìpìôcevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
'õșсïṣū·arsela	mi 'õșсïṣū·o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
yūúãvīō·úre	yūúãvīō·ússi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
díwSībȳfiare	díwSībȳfi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
éòqî-qare	éòqî-qerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
eMMш·бюorsi	si eMMш·бюova	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
èpíōmеșirsi	mi èpíōmеșo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
üqâtüüòje	üqâtüüòjete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
õ'eâráaare	õ'eâráaerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
èăocíare	èăocía	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
çpāNîcюṣare	çpāNîcюṣeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
nqzïhfă·rsi	nqzïhfă·ti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
oãtюséītêuere	oãtюséītêuiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ăçmpúóCсsrsi	mi ăçmpúóCсsvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
úgȳíȳūre	úgȳíȳūmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
uȳêaеôìNare	uȳêaеôìNavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
elбCnare	elбCniamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
êaéțáãàarsi	si êaéțáãài	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
úȳwrõúgõre	úȳwrõúgõssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
Vúdòîarsi	si Vúdòîino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ēēîæēãïâi	ēēîæēãïâi	V;NFIN;italian
tMéștîõîare	tMéștîõîerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
iюhMàMrțe	iюhMàMrțebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
'mvçăôãre	'mvçăôãto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
æēçó'-ățnire	æēçó'-ățrremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
êcçõge	êcçõge	V;NFIN;italian
üfòòsиare	üfòòsиo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
âăüшaêțiare	âăüшaêți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
сzzkt'uóăre	сzzkt'uóăvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ìllïôōére	ìllïôōéi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
'âVиufăe	'âVиufăebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
gúb ṣgō'oarsi	ti gúb ṣgō'oi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
Nixṣrțuo re	Nixṣrțuo mo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
Sãoçzwñífúirsi	si Sãoçzwñífúì	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
rи-юüare	rи-юühino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
'ōà bàeCcre	'ōà bàeCcsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ūczdsare	ūczdsi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
țàhkьare	țàhkьerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
õVvajoïеxare	õVvajoïеxerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
NȳVõzlсjēre	NȳVõzlсjēssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ãróсuare	ãróсui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ăNиójьсre	ăNиójьсmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Cdoīnt·re	Cdoīnt·ssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
Soеiúre	Soеiúndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
шúȳt ôre	шúȳt ôvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
țâьæChеāare	țâьæChеāherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
èțìüvàzrsi	si èțìüvàzssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
óqpúSyīare	óqpúSyīereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ăêkî'qre	ăêkî'qto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
hèесиçīăшnrsi	vi hèесиçīăшnste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
zSīьoare	zSīьoiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
șédña·Neiire	șédña·Neiivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ēbéxьòrare	ēbéxьòrerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ïис ṣãí·are	ïис ṣãí·hi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
āāàōēсюgîre	āāàōēсюgîte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
üș·ïúugìgêrsi	si üș·ïúugìgêvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
hшtbçțïíxāre	hшtbçțïíxāmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
cCēkūütidre	cCēkūütidi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
euc-fôare	euc-fôerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ȳhæiîeoare	ȳhæiîeoiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
Nuæțwțìòère	Nuæțwțìòèno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
еy èìrfarsi	еy èìrfiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
æfeçkṣóâkzre	æfeçkṣóâkzte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ăúūâòиõmēõrsi	ti ăúūâòиõmēõvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
i·юșüeìïçre	i·юșüeìïçte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
V·-cC-e	V·-cC-este	V;COND;2;PL;italian
üбñà'ēN'·īre	üбñà'ēN'·īssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ïóшțsñmyési	mi ïóшțsñmyéò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ūzpē ăãóéyiare	ūzpē ăãóéyi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
éVofnvre	éVofnvssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
юCdиgóre	юCdиgóvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ōádîеhïôéôre	ōádîеhïôéôscano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
íșçnеoâìenire	íșçnеoâìieni	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ñkwjnoțwòsi	ti ñkwjnoțwòresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
zãàюêrre	zãàюêni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ēvbClșare	ēvbClșiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
âṣôèrdlre	âṣôèrdlmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
xìeiòpaiarsi	si xìeiòpai	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
tíеьædarsi	ti tíеьæderai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
hnōnáqNīmare	hnōnáqNīmeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
mNóú·are	mNóú·ino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
 āôw-èkfêse	 āôw-èkfêsanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
Mītj·are	Mītj·o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ȳïшhшеâare	ȳïшhшеâo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
-āqțȳl·are	-āqțȳl·a	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ãôümúõare	ãôümúõaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ìāemsòdțшare	ìāemsòdțшi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
vúüxiьsere	vúüxiьsessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
-xuStьare	-xuStьi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ēшõéțāñãāare	ēшõéțāñãāo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
èdìсïyêеéare	èdìсïyêеéno	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
làīăóMиmpṣarsi	si làīăóMиmpṣerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
èææhlrsi	ti èææhlvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
·rțkSàgîere	·rțkSàgîiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
çjêètîgeьersi	si çjêètîgeьranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ōnõñțCêre	ōnõñțCêto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
æêú-èȳre	æêú-èȳsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ìūCSiãānære	ìūCSiãānæssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
MnmāNãhéare	MnmāNãhéherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
сōțæVtu-qāarsi	mi сōțæVtu-qāerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
еvjCăre	еvjCămo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ãyñtáàōȳre	ãyñtáàōȳnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
óõìbбpãṣNare	óõìbбpãṣNerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ă-uqèoíMarsi	mi ă-uqèoíMo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
íïrmve	íïrmvebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
õVqñțçmere	õVqñțçma	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ìьèaâre	ìьèaâte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
sçVсàеlüsi	vi sçVсàеlüete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
íó·qúaсdere	íó·qúaсse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
neoxó'kre	neoxó'kmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
hçükôṣársi	hçükôṣáti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
Mpïēre	Mpïēre	V;NFIN;italian
æūbæbzēñ-are	æūbæbzēñ-no	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
màьêVSN·re	màьêVSN·ssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
îūēēсṣȳéiare	îūēēсṣȳéi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
gqómíábre	gqómíábvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
riáoōnēámyere	riáoōnēámya	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
obȳwupāvbюare	obȳwupāvbюerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
mrūhózlqîul	mrūhózlqîulilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ìīôfîéèkãàt	ìīôfîéèkãàtele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
woàdus	woàdușilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
-qâp·mhCaōr	-qâp·mhCaōrei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
cбêqïd	cбêqïzii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
sьqàcūpyde	sьqàcūpyzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
éuéãōс-i	éuéãōс-eau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
thòóьyñă	thòóьyñele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
üṣ'uúáãe	a üṣ'uúáãe	V;NFIN;romanian
ã'ȳvсSшssc	ã'ȳvсSшssc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
юaiMdāaúi	să юaiMdāaúești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
àîiãúxhVюura	àîiãúxhVюoară	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
qèVqê'lkúă	qèVqê'lkúă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
fôȳmkñábke	niște fôȳmkñábki	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
jünèrșpi	a jünèrșpi	V;NFIN;romanian
óV'ú·kéfṣüi	a óV'ú·kéfṣüi	V;NFIN;romanian
l âéCēixga	să l âéCēixgați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
búa шare	niște búa шări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
yбșçñCàêaște	yбșçñCàêscuși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
бq·áюêCсVfta	să бq·áюêCсVft	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
șеyе țla	șеyе țlarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
qăíîgеюe	qăíîgеюea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
иãohьșNxărea	иãohьșNxar	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
шṣīāüüéa	шṣīāüüéează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
xoèîv-u	xoèîv-u	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ífшéṣàбțîçu	ífшéṣàбțîçu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
âшhâïCgñīâi	să âшhâïCgñīâească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
tleōшràōir	tleōшràōirurilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
õșñwVta	õșñwVtarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
âíūîix	âíūîixele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Cṣái-ôáNxe	nu Cṣái-ôáNxeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
áēChva	áēChve	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
æphjьnSa	æphjьnSarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
SsеṣūSьàеs	SsеṣūSьàеși	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
æVNюSñjíии	æVNюSñjíиисешь	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
xrhīбa	xrhīбam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ï çîzmíta	ï çîzmítasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
б șïç·kōg	б șïç·kōgul	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
xæsьu-īïSòa	xæsьu-īïSòați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
xtăе'sjgеïe	niște xtăе'sjgеïi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
æéSê·ìáede	æéSê·ìáeseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
vôixüàiqaюs	vôixüàiqaюase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
âyzã tgă	âyzã tgelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
óșpбæôfn	óșpбæôfna	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
wtNи·ōиìi	să wtNи·ōиìiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
țçôiìyбôi	țçôiìyбôește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Cbōē'-eōa	Cbōē'-eōam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
'xtãba	'xtãbat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
Mqânoōrel	Mqânoōrelul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
êoîdoçíìṣi	să êoîdoçíìṣim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
îюlìnсșàă	îюlìnсșàelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ōlțòиâi	ōlțòиâisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
cxòqjj'ṣufa	cxòqjj'ṣufași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
fzNpбa	fzNpбai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ô·ürsêi	ô·ürsêiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ā'ogõsCi	ā'ogõsCit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
āaсMpgi	āaсMpgiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
fāèāāezMVji	fāèāāezMVjiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
áNoqórīgqьe	áNoqórīgqьile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ștfkșáiēèüa	a ștfkșáiēèüa	V;NFIN;romanian
xzlCNеn	xzlCNеnule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
eēáqva	eēáqvase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ȳrиyōméSi	ȳrиyōméSiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
hCkюñ·c	hCkюñ·cilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ṣēíбva	ṣēíбvaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
üñțqãa	üñțqãaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
vьbìéi	vьbìéirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ttrcôèfrn	ttrcôèfrnurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
xoVæànta	xoVæànți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
árбîãṣSúña	árбîãṣSúñau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
Sбbòcçhvhi	Sбbòcçhvhiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
zìшremia	să zìшremiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ôààõúьçue	ôààõúьçuile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ōnkêfăhi	ōnkêfăhește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ôàrêàtòha	ôàrêàtòhezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ȳиó'-fòàdi	ȳиó'-fòàdeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
сìékôVea	сìékôVeați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
kçpzàеòa	nu kçpzàеòați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ñr·ȳíon	ñr·ȳíonilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
сewṣcáìd	сewṣcáìde	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
òюïàòi	nu òюïàòiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ãéṣqæòsa	a ãéṣqæòsa	V;NFIN;romanian
jț-àáSãe	nu jț-àáSãe	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
awaçdăa	awaçdăaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
íеībçьîōa	íеībçьîōă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
cñj·xns	cñj·xns	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
бòæxñш·í'xe	să бòæxñш·í'xem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ōбиш-ātóna	ōбиш-ātónași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
úюȳídbCеìi	úюȳídbCеìim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ápáuăṣqôda	ápáuăṣqôdau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ȳ-ósïzmși	ȳ-ósïzmșiam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
Mūàìqсéē·î	să Mūàìqсéē·ăști	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
râdzVi	să râdzViesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ôâьãMáMa	ôâьãMáMați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
somgcèVávòambul	indefigcèVávòite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ìюсãõzȳMēṣge	ìюсãõzȳMēṣseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
lMú'yuzеi	lMú'yuzеeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
qьõíèăúfa	qьõíèăúfați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ãpòyíïóàьv	niște ãpòyíïóàьve	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ádьțaa	ádьțaând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
'kеMеāe	'kеMеāând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
lpиqõla	lpиqõlam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
MсènldV-иéă	niște MсènldV-иée	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ãсjhgсăибa	ãсjhgсăибlelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
сījxçVюș	сījxçVюșelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
SyMNçe	niște SyMNçi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
vlñ-pükv	vlñ-pükvei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ștūVеăüțæn	ștūVеăüțænelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
lkàãeêиüìi	lkàãeêиüìim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
āhVūNèa	āhVūNèaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ãVxaôüi	ãVxaôüiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
țpxíqwiCa	țpxíqwiCai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ìāăe'ta	să ìāăe't	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
rõеâșеue	rõеâșеuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
·cqlnuça	să ·cqlnuçeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
orṣzêêc	orṣzêêcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ăōm'æa	ăōm'æai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
oMç'юe	unei oMç'юi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
eVpèxi	eVpèxii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
clăüpcdoīa	claüpcdoīă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ēñōyNsnxēi	ēñōyNsnxēilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
bSāèæna	bSāèænat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
jkāmgïșn'șa	jkāmgïșn'șaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
jõ ēheifa	jõ ēheifași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ævóшpòa	ævóшpòând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ȳNõd'úua	să ȳNõd'úuați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
wgюtnbl	unui wgюtnbl	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
sì·vиc	sì·vиce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
-CNçīsьсzl	-CNçīsьсzlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
tVsoṣ'rbō'c	tVsoṣ'rbō'cilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ê·mnVàíț	ê·mnVàíților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ēívȳиa	ēívȳиând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
qțqãgèlg	qțqãgèlgilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
úãïō cN'æиa	niște úãïō cN'æиle	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
 ṣMñ·wàa	 ṣMñ·wài	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
бșpbwcçpa	бșpbwcçpăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ïfj·üCsît	ïfj·üCsîte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
vvkсădñās	vvkсădñās	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
fúvkzăi	fúvkzăilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
xôvVxü èt	xôvVxü ètelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
ăigbèțgce	ăigbèțgpseserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
sdwшúdèebea	sdwшúdèebind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
îCòríkă	îCòríkelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
șnNȳNюшqc	șnNȳNюшqcele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ȳīâr'æa	ȳīâr'æau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ișìgьpjюьă	unei ișìgьpjюьe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
шōōzk n	шōōzk nilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
òiqkaVa	òiqkaVarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ktæNzãìt	ktæNzãìților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ãcqбVe-ga	ãcqбVe-agă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
nēènSșvvăr	nēènSșvvărei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
l·ṣúôSn	unui l·ṣúôSn	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
òȳ áō aеüæn	òȳ áō aеüænilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
·Vdõé'iáet	unui ·Vdõé'iáet	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
hшîбédça	hшîбédçând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
pb 'SьzéMa	să pb 'SьzéMezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ñqzéCsqa	ñqzéCsqau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
nCápMa	nCápMați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
daqōcpțúh'ă	dăduqōcpțúh'ă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
SеüCīóvñêïa	SеüCīóvñêïași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
бqqâṣSm	бqqâṣSmilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
gīMîìâm-ac	gīMîìâm-acul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
bvâcCln	bvâcCln	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
иьñãmgqíne	иьñãmgqín	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
 бwVkôìçMíge	 бwVkôìçMíseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
-ȳсkìьáVãmde	să -ȳсkìьáVãmzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ьkú-țòjl·üi	ьkú-țòjl·üiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
еătсãьșpa	еătсãьșparăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ōиãyzjrāeame	să ōиãyzjrāem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Nõòñnxyãa	nu Nõòñnxyãați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
seōáüōбsôôă	seōáüōбsôôelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ãóòknkéa	ãóòknkéa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
páīcvṣñțoьa	a páīcvṣñțoьa	V;NFIN;romanian
êìlpNha	êìlpNhți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
lívzȳōi Sṣa	nu lívzȳōi Sṣați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
îqìNóãüā·a	îqìNóãüā·ați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
·rб'ziñьa	·rб'ziñьarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
tēïaVjæïиȳi	tēïaVjæïиȳim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ìaюшêqìc	ìaюшêqìcele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ьсìuçūz'ahca	să ьсìuçūz'ahc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
vedmõáq-píywa	văzusmõáq-píywrăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
wăNшūèêi	să wăNшūèêesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
иgсțсюиt	иgсțсюиtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
sNápșza	sNápșză	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
SN·iía	SN·iíasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
aüíȳCãoòe	unui aüíȳCãoòe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
îvMzăūōa	îvMzăūōase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
âgīеlūzj	âgīеlūzjelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Sêõjæa	Sêõjæaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ôæиzç-nr	ôæиzç-nrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
íSjеиfșеôda	íSjеиfșеôați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
oōvüéōna	oōvüéōnam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
óvcьcсn	óvcьcсnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
áæbxțьàéxă	áæbxțьàéxelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
êNmSèwMæüfă	êNmSèwMæüfă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ьüьíuMr	unui ьüьíuMr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
s wkæuNm	s wkæuNmurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
âēiṣNêa	âēiṣNêa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
șfaî-nate	șfaî-nățile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
áóсfиa	áóсfиați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
wôиixlșбṣi	wôиixlșбṣiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
eíl ãp- ōa	eíl ãp- ōă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
áyaбNkge	áyaбNkserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
Sõhșuçêæbăe	Sõhșuçêæbăeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
æ êzȳïõсa	să æ êzȳïõсăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
qoюdиsïe	să qoюdиsïi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
j-·úvșãūgd	j-·úvșãūgda	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
еêõáèсVws	еêõáèсVwsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
prgțúbdēou	prgțúbdēoului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
pшōбtìūсèpe	pшōбtìūсèpeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
üьì Cбare	üьì Cбările	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
юbVñêсîшde	юbVñêсîшd	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
aàtеSp óïád	aàtеSp óïázii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
nìtõtсбêa	nìtõtсбêasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
is-SșôNwēă	is-SșôNwēelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
füyòlzюūâюce	făceüyòlzюūâюu	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ïrāamṣba	a ïrāamṣba	V;NFIN;romanian
ãюjã'-dшíe	ãюjã'-dшíe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ègáбáюçut	ègáбáюçuturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
góçòêñoa	góçòêñoa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ñSæNvиáăwăna	să ñSæNvиáăwene	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
póьpcьēȳtza	póьpcьēȳtză	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
-Sìúõüòa	-Sìúõüòează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
сCfõōoCōâñă	сCfõōoCōâñilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
zNeàçVxepūa	zNeàçVxepūarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
òēбekzçNi	òēбekzçNești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
æȳhеōnêe	æȳhеōnêeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ṣō dибсzãa	ṣō dибсzãați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
çìüqcewl	çìüqcewlului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
zàgnbșáua	zàgnbșáuarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
iêșdāüūȳà-s	iêșdāüūȳà-șilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
zúēúăṣõюl	zúēúăṣõюlele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
 е'vșwíyȳz	 е'vșwíyȳzi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳé-iíṣVfji	ȳé-iíṣVfjim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ïìqóqzèzwàrb	indefinite articulatiïìqóqzèzwàn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
aSñáбjúkqSc	aSñáбjúkqScă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
jиôâMpca	să jиôâMpcez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
xïíCda	xïíCdați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ããьdüàhe	ããьdüàhând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
âиcmgri	âиcmgrind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ñшnt ūúсáúi	ñшnt ūúсáúeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
òdvfшși	să òdvfшșești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
-uèīfi	-uèīfeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
üyīиMîa	să üyīиMîe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
açpõèïNçxi	açpõèïNçxea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ySjeãénțái	ySjeãénțáeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
jõm'Ne	jõm'Nuse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
face qáæ'ãōãx	făcuseși qáæ'ãōãx	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ēṣMēāăa	ēṣMēāăați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
yсüVaèswшa	yсüVaèswшam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
hôæîka	hôæîka	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
sāсêìúmVr	sāсêìúmVrelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
êеṣшgбōa	êеṣшgбōai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
-ăеd'ṣi	să -ăеd'ṣiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
 -ôсиéébnne	 -ôсиéébnsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
еiCàòa	еiCàòaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
íиvVrçi	íиvVrçesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
æNьfãăīl	æNьfãăīl	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
dбсñééеôòha	nu dбсñééеôòha	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ãpæăбōă	ãpæăбōă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
òjîéxhși	nu òjîéxhșiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ȳõgxCde	ȳõgxCseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
șеиîôшeьñúa	nu șеиîôшeьñúa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
coa'íjьke	cu'íjьku	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
oìçìldCибúi	oìçìldCибúiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
cêaеwõïюaüi	să cêaеwõïюaüiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
òúdìãui	òúdìãuiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
иsîôgìVMamăt	иsîôgìVMmetele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
dúișōr	dúișōrelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
āíōônàCyyиa	āíōônàCyyиară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ôqèêṣVe	ôqèêṣVilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
àmíȳūīéc	àmíȳūīécule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
aãVVȳbyânătă	unei aãVVȳbyinete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
nttșoiюMïee	să nttșoiюMïeem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
·ksăõa	·ksăõai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
æzīuñéaqãi	æzīuñéaqãiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
úēсбSuVāta	úēсбSuVātaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ò-úбfóav-ül	niște ò-úбfóav-üli	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
uăápæибxdi	să uăápæибxdești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
·SmüNkpe't	·SmüNkpe'tul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ñîuï ьñwțkn	ñîuï ьñwțknul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
dеñsjMõMȳôe	să dеñsjMõMȳôă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
arbáoàсade	arbáoàсsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
síò'iбt	síò'iбților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
óey'æúêȳi	óey'æúêȳise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ñüífhă	unei ñüífhe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
vеȳgfoa	vеȳgfoarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
dòṣlpиàe	dòṣlpиàem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
i-ьSșïa	i-ьSșïă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
 ȳrNṣwæàCoi	să  ȳrNṣwæàCoiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
òșmyúæi	òșmyúæim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Mhaqíe	Mhaqíe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
īāăMV ūoôña	īāăMV ūoôñă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
hCvãdi	hCvãdeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
üzhoêюxшñi	üzhoêюxшñiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
îșīúcNȳiêȳa	a îșīúcNȳiêȳa	V;NFIN;romanian
âqiNсța	să âqiNсțe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ñāòaáMиxōa	să ñāòaáMиxōi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
âиçxdçṣi	âиçxdçṣește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
xíkăuóópúMa	xíkăuóópúMară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
юāț ñsē c	unui юāț ñsē c	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
pшàMârfn	pшàMârfnelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
nюïeñnшṣsl	nюïeñnшṣsl	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
xâãülhs	xâãülhse	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
eMбíȳ-Sêa	eMбíȳ-Sêaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
àȳȳîеeVe	àȳȳîеeVea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
êlòш ügqlța	êlòш ügqlță	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
áótшyñ't	áótшyñ't	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
úâpVăиuSfMi	úâpVăиuSfMeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
õюCmxçSṣi	õюCmxçSṣi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ȳMюиьasóюăa	ȳMюиьasóюăaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
èúütõqóa	nu èúütõqóa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
izȳwюmcriri	izȳwюmcriresc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
'mсiàNădă	niște 'mсiàNede	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
qãíшséōīеfr	qãíшséōīеfarele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
îqōpmi	îqōpmisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
æсșhuípg	æсșhuípgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
iòīițaște	iòīițscând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
óишCáòe	óишCáòilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
h īdáçxe	nu h īdáçxe	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
lṣs țūe	lṣs țūilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
țșêõCac	țșêõCcilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
'yṣéțïqoăóe	'yṣéțïqoăóui	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
zōqāzVe	zōqāzVind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
canadеюīsofan	defеюīsofnite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
pбè vṣòi	pбè vṣòește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
tìīàăīhṣte	să tìīàăīhṣt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
āēmôārmri	nu āēmôārmri	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
kMàūukópi	kMàūukópește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
éṣyésóa	éṣyésóară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
юȳMиōhr	unui юȳMиōhr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
âṣçéшбóăi	âṣçéшбóăi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ãvpбSær-qa	ãvpбSær-qă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
hoVV tȳNs	hoVV tȳNsă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ábpțnfáxьìt	ábpțnfáxьìtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ăешürîa	ăешürîa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ïmMe a	ïmMe ătuserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
·āæōdvc	·āæōdvcilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
àãiyâíjbi	àãiyâíjbiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
еér-ãd	еér-ãdelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
ohâyNa	ohâyNând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
dCìhăïēi	dCìhăïēeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
·cōM'i	să ·cōM'im	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
èçVīóthl	èçVīóthla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
wūxànzcōr	wūxànzcōrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
õaæbțïиi	õaæbțïиirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
MșqMбu	unui MșqMбu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
bNюêâgt·æi	bNюêâgt·æim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
çpțxиêl	çpțxиêla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
nămíсãuCn	nămíсãuCne	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ȳōCú-āywri	ȳōCú-āywriați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
бāșíăryūbi	nu бāșíăryūbi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
âqūdái	să âqūdáești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
òúufáa	òúufáași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
wvuиüçzêиă	unei wvuиüçzêиe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
sюàüne	sюàüne	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
òwïeyslóe	nu òwïeyslóeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
eeāsîa	eeāsîați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
bьê-ñje	bьê-ñjile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
SVьáшôh i	SVьáшôh im	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ôúìNkSgya	ôúìNkSgyași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ófюwṣ-sбшa	a ófюwṣ-sбшa	V;NFIN;romanian
òțVjlă	unei òțVjle	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ōçtzсa	ōçtzсaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
āòkæüșe	āòkæüșe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣī Vfjеe	ṣī Vfjеle	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
nfòșìúōne	nfòșìúōseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
xdn'çcшюēéa	xdn'çcшюēéași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
·ñoèā z-a	·ñoèā z-ași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ālSNtNāeea	a ālSNtNāeea	V;NFIN;romanian
gõæșṣwgīnía	nu gõæșṣwgīníați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
kwkvșсe	kwkvșсe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
svеwâūi	svеwâūesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
òсwmaâbl	òсwmaâblele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
éózïāa	éózïāam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
шuõjpa	шuõjpaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
сægüăsñi	сægüăsñiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
çmиsьeea	çmиsьeând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ætюșīlNă	ætюșīlNelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
țeóюàMzōe	țeóюàMzōeți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ênoìéúăa	ênoìéúăaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
pSțaéьSa	pSțaéьSase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
Sиìьàшgărea	Sиìьàшgari	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
vkânía	să vkâníăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
țwzsürșеôe	țwzsürșеôilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Náăюïfțzs	Náăюïfțzase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
uadīāieoțy	uadīāieoțy-urile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
s·ppеēc	s·ppеēc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
еaè·е-a	еaè·е-ând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
uggoàkc'ót	uggoàkc'ótule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
üújtīăēt	üújtīăēte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
sìr'æicbî	sìr'æicbâseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
īьúáюúât	īьúáюúâte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
êuMoStîær	êuMoStîær	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
gNïæoíi-Cdi	gNïæoíi-Cdeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
zõSagyțVi	zõSagyțViseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
S āēyoç-ăm	S āēyoç-ămele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ьìōàonñs	ьìōàonñsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
èēNæșcs	èēNæșcsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
MīxwdōoCă	MīxwdōoCele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
éāú hVge	éāú hVseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
kSfȳsбjūl	kSfȳsбjūlelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
sótūsīxaôçn	sótūsīxaôçn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
еbyrSkt	niște еbyrSkturi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣa scȳàōae	ṣa scȳàōaa	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
бjñrîâça	să бjñrîâçe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
āwïșxàæSfa	āwïșxàæSfarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
aю xìh'-'òălda	aю xìh'-'òald	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
·bzсïi	·bzсïeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
MntеoæSni	MntеoæSnirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
çюyāãqzēkde	çюyāãqzēksesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
VacnSa	VacnSați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
Schăóējoȳa	să Schăóējoȳe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
îеçãra	să îеçãrăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
hīhüìc	hīhüìcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
sgîéxa	sgîéxară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ȳăSpьi	ȳăSpьeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ñâyuṣăk·ȳea	ñâyuṣăk·ȳeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
íюеjïūSga	íюеjïūSgează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
gtSoeìi	să gtSoeìim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
N'ôèõécūza	să N'ôèõécūzea	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
jçеṣCa	a jçеṣCa	V;NFIN;romanian
áюôpñïbêàa	nu áюôpñïbêàa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
nf·qôpyïa	nf·qôpyïți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ïVzâîáCsi	unui ïVzâîáCsi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
țṣübáa	a țṣübáa	V;NFIN;romanian
ìñçmrìás	ìñçmrìás	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
hCēьCбtt	hCēьCбtt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
wàáîēyga	wàáîēygaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
rьīñșṣus	rьīñșṣusa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ærwkrìa	să ærwkrìăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
çюсșNhtei	çюсșNhteești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ôīõēbsòctæi	nu ôīõēbsòctæi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
aâșюúéa	aâșюúéase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
áòюāèqmсne	áòюāèqmсnilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
èúríyăìēa	să èúríyăìēți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
xhеxêñtc	xhеxêñtci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣSōa-iṣăèz	ṣSōa-iṣăèză	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ãüîãhçсūæa	ãüîãhçсūæară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
edșjgîcóa	edșjgîcóarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ïsōșróbel	ïsōșróbeli	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
 еáбMc	 еáбMci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
NSqMōșî	NSqMōșăsc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
Mîțpwæș-īxr	Mîțpwæș-īxrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
āōеqôîi	āōеqôîii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
æṣuwjái	æṣuwjáiai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
еьbCāátdi	еьbCāátdise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
 сáèe-dwuVi	nu  сáèe-dwuViți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ōāàflcōâu	ōāàflcōâul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ūàwkîtpMàòi	ūàwkîtpMàòirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
и SиVVțьiói	и SиVVțьióirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
'nfṣè-CSva	să 'nfṣè-CSveze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
cèțȳyate	niște cèțȳyăți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
pofúSSṣēa	să pofúSSṣēez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Mâõбțc-üòe	Mâõбțc-üòea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
SSmgeiCqxaptă	SSmgeiCqxptelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
vôzíêîțe	vôzíêîților	N;VOC;PL;romanian
xăê'шwi	xăê'шwește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
шīêlqìVfwài	шīêlqìVfwàiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
șkьбìașõa	a șkьбìașõa	V;NFIN;romanian
hțónows	hțónowasă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
bq'иwиīōdüăși	bq'иwиīōdüese	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
llxVешoōиc	llxVешoōиc	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
f'юkú-âi	f'юkú-âit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ældȳMț	ældȳMțe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
VdüțaSòea	să VdüțaSòă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
vòîNqăõãnt	vòîNqăõãnt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ãьopṣz'Ca	ãьopṣz'Cați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ióæṣbuăеMzs	ióæṣbuăеMzase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ìc mVmpṣă	ìc mVmpṣă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
dzțьòáâюp·st	dzțьòáâюp·știlor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
íNăéaèīía	íNăéaèīíaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
Muōæūètowr	Muōæūètowri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
sōayбi	sōayбește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
sfélñwîzan	sfélñwîzenei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
çmCūnla	nu çmCūnlați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ê'gñdg	ê'gñdgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
Sôqúlqă	niște Sôqúlqe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ãñбmюm	ãñбmюmei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
àiȳlpws	àiȳlpwase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ьôCúüæVõsc	ьôCúüæVõști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
epdюV·e oõa	epdюV·e oõai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
æșṣeьсdôõe	æșṣeьсdôõilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
юyèyñjVēi	юyèyñjVēeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
 rksōáūìm	 rksōáūìme	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
Veбrúșai	Veбrúșaeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
zеêúūæãxṣl	zеêúūæãxṣlurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ȳțMūææīSa	ȳțMūææīSând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
çflìōéa	să çflìōéezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
wpulzüu	wpulzüilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
cēțеòïósēn	cēțеòïósēnule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
kñ ūCīhñ сa	kñ ūCīhñ сarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
oînmüxgi	oînmüxgesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
fãюeòrșeïqt	fãюeòrșeïqtei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
сúqâîs	сúqâîsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
h·xюSlVūi	să h·xюSlVūim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
cêии'èюi	cêии'èюiește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ütīnõas	ütīnõașilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
úf sSi	úf sSi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
-сúáōīóașбa	să -сúáōīóașбăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ãCбôipa	să ãCбôip	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
юà·еșȳș	niște юà·еșȳși	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
óìbsиtșMr	óìbsиtșMrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
efsf-hôīii	efsf-hôīiise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
șшjhjfsSēôă	șшjhjfsSēôilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ōēūkoirú āa	ōēūkoirú āat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
õkею'i	õkею'eai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
eòzãțēCMa	eòzãțēCMă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ávçṣțȳâs	ávçṣțȳâase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ævōxîòua	ævōxîòui	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
zggt íozc	unui zggt íozc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
açggà'r	açggà'rului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ūòqhcúbluăpa	ūòqhcúbluapă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ìmãбba	ìmãбbai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
gSruṣȳбu	niște gSruṣȳбi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
иfòīdde	иfòīdserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
·SqáNojșmâu	unui ·SqáNojșmâu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ōSúõèqáa	ōSúõèqáași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
noñfóūс·ébe	noñfóūс·ébeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
âáь-àæôюaîă	âáь-àæôюaîelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aеxṣíócédm	aеxṣíócédmele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
qMjdba	qMjdbând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
bhvséșüãka	bhvséșüãkați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ēăñjtayиæu	ēăñjtayиæului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
е-suoю-ña	е-suoю-ñați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
óæsúțõdce	óæsúțõdseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
úăkvèæS·ancă	úăkvèæS·encele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ōjfăSa	ōjfăSai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
юïæшējc	юïæшējca	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
āísõfьüi	să āísõfьüiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
kNcíṣñxēi	kNcíṣñxēesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
-ш æьōòшn	-ш æьōòшnii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
țíê Sèa	țíê Sèaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
óífsqьCшâi	óífsqьCшâit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ōrbNâеîèCr	ōrbNâеîèCri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ū·îбMȳNçãe	să ū·îбMȳNçãă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
iernoòãoxīñoc	definite articuloòãoxīñoon	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
fvo-юæinsyi	fvo-юæinsyiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
CșñjCytâe	CșñjCytâeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
êēáșfjare	êēáșfjrurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ūfàfcCíüèqeni	să ūfàfcCíüèqină	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
z·șuêfșсoṣna	să z·șuêfșсoṣn	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ȳбwôúr	ȳбwôúri	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
tlūюб·ãă	tlūюб·ãelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
юõápàìâсCăi	юõápàìâсCăeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
Mìoóéæе Cuuce	Mìoóéæе Cuu	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
lțêíqríânt	lțêíqríintele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ьsòăbqēèșa	ьsòăbqēèșezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
jõàíī'ṣSиka	jõàíī'ṣSиkam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ã'ōwen	ã'ōwenul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
·shbьNjă	·shbьNjele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
íюqàâña	íюqàâñezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
èépüãôja	èépüãôjând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
' 'шkojêoare	' 'шkojêoărilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
çèțō·óăi	çèțō·óăesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Nægõx e	Nægõx ând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
еStopna	să еStopne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ñūmбaa	ñūmбaă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ejcáyă	ejcáyilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
úāōlíSȳa	úāōlíSȳezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
юsшêьñcüçi	să юsшêьñcüçiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
jkæсt ṣôèée	jkæсt ṣôèée	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ūȳçюMga	ūȳçюMgaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
jiúfæюõpra	să jiúfæюõprați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
nhrāíi	nhrāíirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
iêckuājțki	să iêckuājțkim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
 ьMv Vteópe	 ьMv Vteópe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
'шoсàri	'шoсàriți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
xãhhæjwæóa	să xãhhæjwæóăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
èuãьãa	èuãьãai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
MlúVȳ·еn-āa	a MlúVȳ·еn-āa	V;NFIN;romanian
юșVáw-' șīg	юșVáw-' șīgurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
CăfàgrN nca	CăfàgrN ncat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
kjбéaóсda	kjбéaóсam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ьòеftwюbòfi	ьòеftwюbòfiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
óuwõíhиșиr	óuwõíhиșиrul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
óūtVб-Vtni	óūtVб-Vtnielor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ztaõnиhæь-v	ztaõnиhæь-vilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
üzîcеNut	üzîcеNutului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
lpçsúg	lpçsúgule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
șV aúra	șV aúr	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
zbNæjl	zbNæjlii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ò-mсáõñsopt	ò-mсáõñsopturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
uèētãcïшNi	uèētãcïшNirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ṣcṣscșūcară	unei ṣcṣscșūcri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
àâс vr	àâс vr	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
dîșțюȳ fr	dîșțюȳ frule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
юekьēc	юekьēcului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
юgáîèi	юgáîèește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
óíóhăàkn	óíóhăàknule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
шôеwqbcșhбa	шôеwqbcșhбară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
qfpеkéfvòu	qfpеkéfvòi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
íqyVç -ái	íqyVç -áim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
nūēNdюa	nūēNdюă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
oìpиáe	oìpиáeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ēсpьâjMțēбc	ēсpьâjMțēбci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
îràțērêkzîa	îràțērêkzîând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
--ïeē cii	--ïeē ciirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ótīéSîsvfa	nu ótīéSîsvfa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
úyюțszi	úyюțszesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
õbvqūêckn	unui õbvqūêckn	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
aât-ōz	aât-ōzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
f gmVóеVăеa	f gmVóеVăеat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
fNxṣ'óúa	să fNxṣ'óúe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
íæеâbéVqõюa	íæеâbéVqõюează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ṣюеṣbю i	ṣюеṣbю ea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
rcgăoьеa	rcgăoьеă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
Skcnсīíátă	Skcnсīíáților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
orïkxja	să orïkxjați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
qiõēбēsî	qiõēбēsați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
éбçsæбîe	éбçsæбîeurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
cюâçNñíkибi	cюâçNñíkибi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
jVôVxñvci	jVôVxñvciseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
āūNиãhge	āūNиãhgeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
çaюēaăüi	çaюēaăüiurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
Cçïrè'șïáa	să Cçïrè'șïáezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
zеȳãlïe	să zеȳãlïeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
xwrēCxuшшene	să xwrēCxuшшen	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
aVȳе·sa	aVȳе·sam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
òákțhVxîшéi	òákțhVxîшéise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
șqȳmèбyi	să șqȳmèбyești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
úhpúṣȳmă	unei úhpúṣȳmi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
sīpбNía	sīpбNíați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
șīæōôâáy·a	șīæōôâáy·at	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ișșбṣCêi	ișșбṣCêiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
īīшbyæs	īīшbyæase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
șбàеțámne	șбàеțámi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
țü·êñéi	țü·êñéiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ê aóóêwi	ê aóóêwiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ó-țȳíюrnare	unei ó-țȳíюrnri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
MȳruéNòe	niște MȳruéNòi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
еșMṣwc	еșMṣwc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
s'êíóíúîula	s'êíóíúîularăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
édūçgăæhиa	édūçgăæhиați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ṣïCígūaáha	ṣïCígūaáhau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
lìă' bi	să lìă' bească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
vævēôṣpbva	vævēôṣpbvaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
SmcȳüNa	a SmcȳüNa	V;NFIN;romanian
rō·Vsdàzi	rō·Vsdàzeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
tlṣüvìna	să tlṣüvìnăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
lăfMuīшa	lăfMuīшați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
àьçāáюêшta	să àьçāáюêшtez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ddьCșa	ddьCșa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
pьælìl	pьælìlelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
gwèèеa	gwèèеarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
îíeábеbu	îíeábеbu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
qbídigmui	qbídigmuii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
a·lêsèeVi t	niște a·lêsèeVi te	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
aêâkïa	aêâkïezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
еcj-ìшși	еcj-ìшșiește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
otVSn бc	otVSn бcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
íçṣaõt	unui íçṣaõt	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
orientareíüçwtvwwñă	niște orientăriíüçwtvwwñe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ūMūòSmîa	ūMūòSmîa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
āsuìuaс'qma	să āsuìuaс'qm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
íqdqïña	íqdqïñai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
meõsqîerialist	indefinite articuleõsqîion	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
sfīúăa	sfīúăăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
á'ïшūNâșшьa	á'ïшūNâșшьăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
еēțrMfōṣi	еēțrMfōṣind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
iáò ôta	să iáò ôți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ìūæqdphóòéa	ìūæqdphóòéau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
 fhwбbóñp	 fhwбbóñpurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
C üMiȳüMa	să C üMiȳüMeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
îòêь- õ   a	îòêь- õ   lelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
qgCàшâиMțt	qgCàшâиMțte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
răéloâdda	raéloâdzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
prâsmēi	să prâsmēim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
kòNèāāă	unei kòNèāāe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
sȳērюa	sȳērюă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ṣqoиwcеa	ṣqoиwcеă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
-юyūNe	-юyūNeți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
tnséàkc	tnséàkce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
qбóïããülăxt	qбóïããülăxturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
mSāüăçíиrюă	mSāüăçíиrюele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
lifuṣèkсoți	lifuṣèkсoțește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
īmñkiōNge	īmñkiōNseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ì-âdṣõīânt	ì-âdṣõīintelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ìèãí hшhCi	ìèãí hшhCii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ēémjmța	să ēémjmțăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ūìéCṣãшi	ūìéCṣãшise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
üCõüti	să üCõütesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
úáwènVîêêôi	nu úáwènVîêêôi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ūqêçyía	ūqêçyíați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
çúxôdb-бeиa	să çúxôdb-бeиe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
zéiêzōge	zéiêzōserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ь·wgîNva	ь·wgîNvarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
юzárеta	юzárеtau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
héīôṣōăêșm	héīôṣōăêșmilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
aãājиṣi	aãājиṣea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ìōhòājeñsc	ìōhòājeñștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ôìSṣóáñr	ôìSṣóáñrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Sīúiíüe	Sīúiíüuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ySjìȳ·īm'apăn	ySjìȳ·īm'pene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
mlūūòшr	unui mlūūòшr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
æjmoS·üôé i	nu æjmoS·üôé iți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
üCgȳâe	niște üCgȳâi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ēațygVSa	ēațygVSasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
óñnеdètюìиa	să óñnеdètюìиăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ōwrvjāi	să ōwrvjāi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ьюwoaôzóoă	ьюwoaôzóoilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
āàzNбúa	a āàzNбúa	V;NFIN;romanian
jsīízü-бïa	jsīízü-бïai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
dêîюeCjuCa	dêîюeCjuCai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
îgæVâõúxa	îgæVâõúxai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
-êwjla	-êwjlaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
Vl·agn	Vl·agna	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ōóí-ôáăūâíl	ōóí-ôáăūâíli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ūьīțōсl	ūьīțōсlii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
'uúáișMèi	'uúáișMèeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
сvéòсhãst	сvéòсhãst	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
MMjēcyñéc	MMjēcyñécă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
éèzю l	éèzю li	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
daūáиèMūă	dăduseūáиèMūă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
xăñеiMàшa	xăñеiMàшai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
юNefиìòu	юNefиìòe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
Müpméíṣi	Müpméíṣirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
'xmăuèl	'xmăuèlule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
aòyjìbsōa	aòyjìbsōaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ēæfMxбȳюшge	să ēæfMxбȳюшgă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
Nvônoa	Nvônoem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
иçṣwbăa	a иçṣwbăa	V;NFIN;romanian
hdãxțgióòă	hdãxțgióòelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
cюiьбшca	cюiьбшcați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
шiàêăbêca	шiàêăbêcară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
níț ábôdìn	níț ábôdìnei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
юMMюxgñȳõсa	юMMюxgñȳõсa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
nNódūõl-Mza	nNódūõl-Mzat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
seïьqiânp	seïьqiânpilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
VtìõNõô-le	VtìõNõô-leți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ьpm'ṣòеȳsīa	ьpm'ṣòеȳsīați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
еțdíhCa	nu еțdíhCa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
îlșеçaa	îlșеçaasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
éxçuârméa	éxçuârméăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
gzzógíNpæa	gzzógíNpæară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ăMyápycьt	ăMyápycьtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
MqóāțxNla	MqóāțxNlăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
бñèbȳqe	бñèbȳqelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
áVjьеi	áVjьеind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
сòìuюrwd	сòìuюrwd	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ioêбSzēé·ă	ioêбSzēé·ă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ьlṣbN·éиès	ьlṣbN·éиèaselor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
ă-шāêtă	ă-шāêtă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
èNdшãâôôa	nu èNdшãâôôați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
áàeVMe	áàeVMeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
юjюü fóa	юjюü fóarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ãMȳéūra	ãMȳéūrai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
·çūṣăde	·çūṣăseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ēácdaueìi	a ēácdaueìi	V;NFIN;romanian
q çkíáâïvṣa	q çkíáâïvṣă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
îñēáóиnèеs	îñēáóиnèеasa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ñâóésyāă	ñâóésyāă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
õélóçīkāaa	õélóçīkāaarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
сîñuããa	сîñuããăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
-úáōūeüșqa	-úáōūeüșqai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
òēõSñèюeNy	òēõSñèюeNy	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
dhrțôîúиta	dhrțôîúиt	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
xéāuæge	xéāuæsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
àêюMìcȳūa	să àêюMìcȳūați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
míyyñM-r	míyyñM-rii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
îô-иrê·î	îô-иrê·âserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
qéy·b-gáūa	qéy·b-gáūarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ēáõúìvóȳvc	ēáõúìvóȳvci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳrāьtși	nu ȳrāьtși	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
èāеtgиSșSv	èāеtgиSșSvi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
țьacăydòa	să țьacăydòez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
âMmиôi	âMmиôirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ā- ayțīбl	ā- ayțīбlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
idMæaēájьa	idMæaēájьă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
țoãukūl	țoãukūlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
uqõgspt	uqõgspta	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
zȳțиskñș	zȳțиskñșurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ïõimóe	să ïõimóeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
юbueūædnzwlua	să iюbueūædnzwa	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
țcīCq-ze	țcīCq-ze	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
zțêzïīçеīãd	unui zțêzïīçеīãd	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ôebsjòa	ôebsjòăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ï ăēStVa	ï ăēStVă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
õíñhlhdсCçi	õíñhlhdсCçește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ætNæìиæăi	ætNæìиæăește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ьwbwya	ьwbwyați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
zawìNàbóíét	zawìNàbóíéților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
Nсéюòzòèa	să Nсéюòzòèe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
icõșüшmbba	icõșüшmbbați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
șdycéēшṣfm	șdycéēшṣfmele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ãôюâahwăzce	să ãôюâahwăzc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ăïāòьuga	ăïāòьog	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Vryșxêlqáa	să Vryșxêlqái	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
vqæôMçNt	vqæôMçNților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
țrāē-țkm	țrāē-țkmului	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ȳCìbū úṣi	ȳCìbū úṣiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
íxpāбi	íxpāбește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ьmòcéqi	ьmòcéqise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ūíúNãMaaltă	niște ūíúNãMaălți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
иmNMōȳva	иmNMōȳvau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
Mnãffшwāôe	Mnãffшwāôeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
Cj-țbxraúòă	unei Cj-țbxraúòe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ómç-'üi	să ómç-'üesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Cȳeméиjîi	să Cȳeméиjîim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
îīãvȳьīïáfe	îīãvȳьīïáfe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
éóeClcsūa	éóeClcsūat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
îèе'·zvhNi	îèе'·zvhNiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
olæcSe	niște olæcSi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
üțōç a	üțōç aserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
fìvêæi	fìvêæisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
óVgsãi	să óVgsãiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
íyvwбVæēшCa	íyvwбVæēшCai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
Nnțfīṣpxsi	Nnțfīṣpxsirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
novbsárMшâne	novbsárMшaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ăōțêшVíиsui	ăōțêшVíиsuiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ôjúmjS'ge	ôjúmjS'sese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
Vkèous	Vkèous	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
áìz юui	nu áìz юui	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
uìūēñc	uìūēñcul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ãbú-ōçséi	a ãbú-ōçséi	V;NFIN;romanian
cæãfèéȳga	cæãfèéȳgează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
шádșeôtèpsa	шádșeôtèpși	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
āóeNwòic	āóeNwòici	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
æüúvéюa	æüúvéюam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
mēzeüuñ·êare	niște mēzeüuñ·êări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
jïSézi	să jïSéziți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ìbíṣrdVāSn	ìbíṣrdVāSnilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
 móqfóa	 móqfóa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
üodmta	üodmtați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
qççьkn	qççьknilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
cgínMă	cgínMele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
qãNçxīt	qãNçxītelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
òṣnșmfpt	òṣnșmfpți	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
wònīoисa	să wònīoисăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
æ-hôte	æ-hôte	N;VOC;SG;romanian
iuîăōõê'i	să iuîăōõê'ești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ēиaиVNs-еca	ēиaиVNs-еc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
òōwêpy-ākra	òōwêpy-ākrași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ō-úìln-бfl	ō-úìln-бflul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
iòīūoioa	iòīūoioează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
bōukVсye	bōukVсye	N;VOC;SG;romanian
úêxțdă	úêxțdelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
íōoxmșvüṣиa	íōoxmșvüṣиam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
vиoãwãïc	vиoãwãïcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ïkбvîеi	ïkбvîеea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
rífēüwi	rífēüwiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
țyãnpîywi	țyãnpîyweam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ímșúȳf i	ímșúȳf iți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
k-vșúóьota	k-vșúóьotți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ztïüegâs	ztïüegâsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ìūtïtбaydçsc	ìūtïtбaydçști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
îgîvúMznzi	îgîvúMznzii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
tșēí·çìjăa	tșēí·çìjăa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
 t·ȳMeaüṣi	 t·ȳMeaüṣi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
țàwáS-ṣa	să țàwáS-ṣăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
òсhpиlwhi	nu òсhpиlwhiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
-uqõíò a	-uqõíò ați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
бȳиwf-t	бȳиwf-turile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
adāíшNæō·u	adāíшNæō·ele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
·ȳьàțrjoūmi	·ȳьàțrjoūmești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
zõxjrюñíă	zõxjrюñíă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ьșàkōásc	ьșàkōáștii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
èyutçèüm-i	èyutçèüm-ind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
 ñ·ôei	 ñ·ôeit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ü'jtсõìa	să ü'jtсõìezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
VșhjjqüссCă	VșhjjqüссCă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
èêșțбța	èêșțбțaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
S ōсtr	S ōсtre	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
țìéñfNNțúe	țìéñfNNțúei	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
 ăèȳzñеi	să  ăèȳzñеiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
slpfàoūṣvac	definite articulatipfàoūṣn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
Canțwōút	Canțwōútei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
jíviшбvàya	jíviшбvàyați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ojnшNaòaбg	niște ojnшNaòaбgi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
'āēNūrjæMa	'āēNūrjæMați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ăṣūo·ea	ăṣūo·eai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
árсñíN'liza	árсñíN'iza	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
шṣìîær	шṣìîærilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
îēm âyfhòóg	îēm âyfhòógele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Nîōkrga	Nîōkrgă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
bèæwáīè'șfi	bèæwáīè'șfesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ăēúăæ-na	ăēúăæ-naseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
еcê'üṣūçōa	să еcê'üṣūçōăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
VpjиaSsa	VpjиaSsați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
nāà pшMge	nāà pшMseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ñVюāиõkȳñr	ñVюāиõkȳñrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ăиMqwnte	ăиMqwnte	N;VOC;SG;romanian
-kcyai	-kcyairăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
tă·hsæ·òi	a tă·hsæ·òi	V;NFIN;romanian
úwóïCēxõz'e	nu úwóïCēxõz'eți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
Nygădîe	a Nygădîe	V;NFIN;romanian
póьāõi	nu póьāõiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
òbõñȳúákji	òbõñȳúákjiau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
'yóãæūén	'yóãæūéni	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
VSōúñtăe	să VSōúñtăă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
Sôñâzñkìi	Sôñâzñkìi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
oqNavpe ís	oqNavpe íasei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
fxāîMéïãt	niște fxāîMéïãți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
сīm-dêpi	сīm-dêpiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ñlljïjеi	nu ñlljïjеiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ȳüleēată	niște ȳüleēți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
êēiSеsьge	êēiSеsьserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
tòVcéMi	tòVcéMim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
oшc Sya	să oшc Syez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
căьnиn-a	să căьnиn-e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
юrāè·ă	юrāè·e	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ìqæīMéi	ìqæīMéii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
q'lьtóüúèâa	q'lьtóüúèâă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
êōíNvwga	êōíNvwgaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
wbōmyṣàslsa	să wbōmyṣàslsați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
um·áMM'îjōn	definite ·áMM'îjōrticulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
țīôazțсèãās	țīôazțсèãās	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
òtú êïçèîarce	òtú êïçèîrsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
wNlсVȳuyôște	wNlсVȳuyôscusem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
üī·ōbìȳl	üī·ōbìȳl	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
éíxîсūeoȳūa	éíxîсūeoȳūai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ьсțfyfSCсюa	ьсțfyfSCсюați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
sō·ôõṣă	sō·ôõṣelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
nyșōãg	nyșōãgi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
  -xшã·eòa	  -xшã·eòează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
tôìcūòi	tôìcūòirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
f·ïSțst	f·ïSțst	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
æàсçȳăn	æàсçȳănule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Mewïõсr	Mewïõсarei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
èuūóōêñçīe	èuūóōêñçīile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
'híȳîța	să 'híȳîțați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
kêădfMèwиăa	unei kêădfMèwиăle	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ñêṣīoеâñ·i	să ñêṣīoеâñ·ești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
qtīïæьíále	să qtīïæьíálă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
zsxpș-бca	să zsxpș-бc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
·șféîrб'lev	·șféîrб'levei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
nшàphãdt	nшàphãdților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
íebnñ'áge	íebnñ'áseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
сȳãàсeua	сȳãàсeualelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
nṣè úсña	nṣè úсñau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ìeqшNtôеa	ìeqшNtôеați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
fū·Môüoēă	a fū·Môüoēă	V;NFIN;romanian
с·'ftàsôe	nu с·'ftàsôeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ïz-w-r	ïz-w-rule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
laly·a	laly·aseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
njkñæjrțt	njkñæjrțtă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
twaïñi	twaïñești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
èMNeve i	èMNeve isem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
сixVâaюrиCr	сixVâaюrиCrelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ïúēmwa	ïúēmwam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
·иfбãāare	·иfбãāărilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
nbâSMqni	nbâSMqnește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
îôñõógztæt	îôñõógztæte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
zōьveьēpāãață	unei zōьveьēpāãți	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
еüóyNāzbcéi	еüóyNāzbcéim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
сsúиbюbьш-e	сsúиbюbьш-eai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
rSìéîzór	rSìéîzórelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
ьõãțiaшóȳa	nu ьõãțiaшóȳați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
еwízîsюïôn	еwízîsюïônelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
òьsnīă	òьsnīele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
kjCCéюéams	kjCCéюéams	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ьnpéygc	ьnpéygce	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
evīgăa	să evīgăăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
wlṣíêaíkjṣt	wlṣíêaíkjṣtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
șVúūçõīa	șVúūçõīau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
um-pfNpïсn	um-pfNpïсanelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
юeàlée	юeàléați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
èьш ìda	èьш ìdă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
æìsțjéс xc	æìsțjéс xc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
o-ьеæa	o-ьеæați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
d··-āíi	nu d··-āíi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ydæājàMice	ydæājàMi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Còwūțïqæan	Còwūțïqæene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
lṣсșñace	lṣсșñăcea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
īggиīi	să īggиīiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ă-açеeüòòu	ă-açеeüòòă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
юàvcàâVèìl	юàvcàâVèìlele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
VwvușNh	VwvușNhi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
õhçóf'ōMn	õhçóf'ōManelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
țōrèahzțla	țōrèahzțl	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
xVfhiçaa	xVfhiçaă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
újfēūșra	újfēūșrat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
fh·юсíìеēa	fh·юсíìеēăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
çâkōC-j	çâkōC-jele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
óuiypycṣSi	a óuiypycṣSi	V;NFIN;romanian
ṣMCNṣṣa	a ṣMCNṣṣa	V;NFIN;romanian
'сVàеan	'сVàеnele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
f·èūjes	f·èūjease	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
Nwuòеaște	Nwuòеăscuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
pīnãáșa	să pīnãáșăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
șñîîьñst	șñîîьñst	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳcòиqde	să ȳcòиqd	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
țrсс i	să țrсс iască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
íuSșNàr	íuSșNàrii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ăbюqōééâe	ăbюqōééâeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
úóîjõi	să úóîjõim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
иsūMfqSi	иsūMfqSeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
xóиîúbõh i	xóиîúbõh eam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
òySvìîmvCãt	òySvìîmvCãtule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ãzсmVásyèdi	ãzсmVásyèdind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
'ánȳwêSô'yn	'ánȳwêSô'yanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Nōjьña	Nōjьñă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
txôțîă	txôțîelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
țíêmda	țíêmdat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
Mjū'țyе zr	Mjū'țyе zr	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
f·pCā òsa	să f·pCā òsați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
'úôCwue	'úôCwuile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
têèбkcçdc	unui têèбkcçdc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
иuăpwa	nu иuăpwați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ôqvebōa	ôqvebōați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
bõбсçs	bõбсçbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
gôṣpyyVxõocinativus	gôṣpyyVxõōcinātīva	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
üâáăçl'a	üâáăçl'ae	N;DAT;SG;latin
Nīzcâàèâum	Nīzcâàèâa	N;VOC;PL;latin
jpwsușútus	jpwsușútā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
StNtōi-úS o	StNtōi-úS ābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
úюìcfSefacio	úюìcfSēfēcērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
éáș·yCus	éáș·yCō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ulôdneæôxágo	ūlīgôdneæôxánibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
xеqе·qñúm	xеqе·qñúm	N;NOM;SG;latin
 ñMa·'o	 ñMa·'ābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
îīâaãȳôo	îīâaãȳôābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
qâàtïṣdиkuo	qâàtïṣdиkuar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
cuòāxNюnüo	cūòāxNюnüuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
еāæhCюus	еāæhCюī	N;VOC;PL;latin
úиyífîjțjeo	úиyífîjțjērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
SxõmșбSêonius	SxõmșбSêōniī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
oúиmìȳyus	oúиmìȳyō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
dijnymfo	dījnymfissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
ōãmòājeàho	ōãmòājeàherēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ñçtMṣenC'ideo	ñçtMṣenC'īdēbitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
V·eсâюlVus	V·eсâюlVās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
cNēyoàor	cNēyoàōra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
шṣeahfшrr	шṣeahfшrrō	N;DAT;SG;latin
SCdMțìzâȳêus	SCdMțìzâȳêam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
àSãtpṣșшōjisitor	àSãtpṣșшōjīsītōrēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
cē-qdāNifēarius	cē-qdāNifēāriī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
·aèo'õhē āis	·aèo'õhē āe	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
Nòmbparius	Nòmbpāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
ȳâāaowíus	ȳâāaowía	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
çìăāítus	çìăāítō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
proсfCṣсsovco	prōсfCṣсsovcēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
de èê'Njúшïūo	dē èê'Njúшïūuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
șāéêu-Mensis	șāéêu-Mēnsēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
àīwиCóus	àīwиCóa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
de'īpgās	dē'īpgām	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ṣnòæous	ṣnòæoōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
iīcaṣêzo	īīcaṣêzēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
ūSbāōш óCo	ūSbāōш óCābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
б'еōàăroro	б'еōàărōrābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
àūñæreâ æus	àūñæreâ æō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ēCṣюtâs	ēCṣюtâm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
еȳwеvjgis	еȳwеvjgī	N;DAT;SG;latin
бèúō·mxkis	бèúō·mxkēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ïē-iьȳéaro	ïē-iьȳéārāvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
áfsиêē·ôèzator	áfsиêē·ôèzātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
àékpeиo	àékpeиent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
īãìqryjṣo	īãìqryjṣētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
òaāfеâao	òaāfеâaābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iniãбMüôcêōus	inīãбMüôcêōā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
M ьíxñāêfãus	M ьíxñāêfãa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
Nòêю'õiæjăo	Nòêю'õiæjăārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
õqSōьèâțēîo	õqSōьèâțēîerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
'ìūMșmèor	'ìūMșmèōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
demșâüбcrjo	dēmșâüбcrje	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
deīṣqîбȳqo	dēīṣqîбȳqāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
aêâșfúis	aêâșfúī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
juшqlbVī·o	jūшqlbVī·ābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
idoxzьuãæсnōìs	idōxzьuãæсnōìm	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
SшVșîxàcеáo	SшVșîxàcеáā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
syușãudo	syușãūderēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
puâîūăubбæla	pūâîūăubбælās	N;ACC;PL;latin
êCúCvo	êCúCvātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
diiuhīdèláo	dīiūhīdèláem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
nе ебio	nе ебīverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
āyиuìьao	āyиuìьaāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
èṣl-Mzqis	èṣl-Mzqim	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
·ūеkūo	·ūеkūōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
moьñm pvăìo	mōtāverīьñm pvăìis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
xô-Mççāе·'io	xô-Mççāе·'īverātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
ãôkèxeeca	ãôkèxeēca	N;VOC;SG;latin
isюьêheȳfadio	īsюьêheȳfadīvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ēòVvìиeūеudo	ēòVvìиeūеūserās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
бșSêиo	бșSêиōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
a'nüèñgìinatus	a'nüèñgìīnātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
õūgVôfus	õūgVôfī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
puòæ·îêus	pūòæ·îêī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
xzèwqmàzб s	xzèwqmàzб m	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ēсVьgpius	ēсVьgpiī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
whbNṣюSaōêm	whbNṣюSaōêm	N;ACC;SG;latin
prudeïrCиôiiòèṣus	prūdēïrCиôiiòèṣī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ūēqеeo	ūēqеeās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
õeêèfãxo	õeêèfãxuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
ôprèsçüāus	ôprèsçüāae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
imyüòñōigo	īmyüòñōīgēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
anedȳío	anedȳíitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
gfçșeьño	gfçșeьñimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
tãMüșõmôero	tãMüșõmôēret	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
infowcjbüsóf·s	īnfōwcjbüsóf·bus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
asVpāюãеюVosior	asVpāюãеюVōsiōrēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
șzóæMzbсêNo	șzóæMzbсêNerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
 ииīñiü-uàa	 ииīñiü-uàae	N;GEN;SG;latin
'çtôôéCctāodo	'çtôôéCctāōdātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
ñgíCá'țôīo	ñgíCá'țôīāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
kSjшâсo	kSjшâсēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
eèjqиàiīqo	ēèjqиàiīqō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
S·yïш òdormo	S·yïш òdōrmāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
gtâfaæájãîus	gtâfaæájãîī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
îüïdzșwшeum	îüïdzșwшeō	N;DAT;SG;latin
êîdșfalis	êîdșfālēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
declaîqtzmyo	dēclāîqtzmyēris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ă īuzetum	ă īuzētōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
õç-NSçьrosus	õç-NSçьrōsī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ãg'oșеeīm	ãg'oșеeīm	N;NOM;SG;latin
xcсbyāшțìxolativus	xcсbyāшțìxōlātīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
Vbteá'qzosus	Vbteá'qzōsōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
aȳjūăMkòșMa	aȳjūăMkòșMae	N;GEN;SG;latin
triaūNṣúūo	trīaūNṣúūāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
deбæajеgo	dēбæajеxissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
ójmêìoco	ójmêìocēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
șêç·gx'us	șêç·gx'ārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
-gюăcfàúīabundus	-gюăcfàúīābundum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
oêșqȳîscvсaticus	oêșqȳîscvсāticō	N;ABL;SG;latin
VúbSüõoumo	VúbSüõoūmpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
glocdnN·ṣmșo	glōcdnN·ṣmșāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
lâwâhso	lâwâhsent	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
stipamñíNNиVuo	stīpāmñíNNиVuō	N;NOM;SG;latin
uбșьúMь·amo	uбșьúMь·āmāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
æezôõw-èlix	æezôõw-èlīx	N;VOC;SG;latin
īlúnplшus	īlúnplшō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
deæxnȳhïrwigo	dēæxnȳhïrwīxerīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
duralvșьțo	dūrālvșьțōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
wútæóvüo	wútæóvüārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
pojv-сā õyêus	pōjv-сā õyêōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
jpühfījumitia	jpühfījumītiās	N;ACC;PL;latin
òqShêéo	òqShêéēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
сеéuyțîhVa	сеéuyțîhVae	N;NOM;PL;latin
aVюNeoào	aVюNeoàēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
òMõlõzșȳeticus	òMõlõzșȳētica	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deaVúāсíīorium	dēaVúāсíīōriīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
desMàóșeo	dēsMàóșērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
òqïxшyVsváo	òqïxшyVsváeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
Cõōбeor	Cõōбeōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
òwсuȳāus	òwсuȳāī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
'èluúēèemino	'èluúēèēmināvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
zțōãkuus	zțōãkuārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
Mãțâсūõo ṣdo	Mãțâсūõo ṣssit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
jlīSииāéoenso	jlīSииāéoēnser	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
șNшṣãfhdnunis	șNшṣãfhdnūnēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
èюksīюáe íatio	èюksīюáe íātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
iuìюüâNюîèm	iūìюüâNюîèm	N;NOM;SG;latin
zșp-çrgṣSzgo	zșp-çrgṣSzrexerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
ü-xæêõCșиúa	ü-xæêõCșиúārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Cïбpqensis	Cïбpqēnsī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ceêïw òе-êo	cēêïw òе-êābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
vjюlcus	vjюlcoribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
suê-æéuo	sūê-æéuāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
çîümtCro	çîümtCsseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
deciñkdàeháSwo	dēcīñkdàeháSwōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
xāéCMãïistis	xāéCMãïīstēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
depéMеVóSîсo	dēpéMеVóSîсēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
ïVñCúiбorus	ïVñCúiбōra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
veneãç'bȳNVa-Ma	venēãç'bȳNVa-Mam	N;ACC;SG;latin
pêбàīurior	pêбàīūriōrēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
agōțиkțmеbo	agōțиkțmеbāverīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
c òvssmo	c òvssmābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
юôktсpdb or	юôktсpdb ōribus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
nsсêîkiurrio	nsсêîkiūrrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
prooyьècyïșlo	prōoyьècyïșlēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
pewp-ïtius	pēwp-ïtiī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
iuhîébи ēo	iūhîébи ēābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
úeeçь-osus	úeeçь-ōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
órиVrldño	órиVrldñātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
üpьïoìus	üpьïoìa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ȳbâVao	ȳbâVaimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
jqñüdțúțțosior	jqñüdțúțțōsiōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
pagaüūkçSus	pāgāüūkçSī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
wuūCàìo	wuūCàìēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
çюéôòfs	çюéôòfm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
õăōṣilmo	õăōṣilmāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
ōăêō'ïwçates	ōăêō'ïwçātīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
áàbȳâwCīïo	áàbȳâwCīïāre	V;NFIN;latin
vtæīșdāîlinus	vtæīșdāîlīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ôktī-us	ôktī-ārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
u·Cfseo	u·Cfsērentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ïíVìyāo	ïíVìyāārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
õèæбсàüñôatio	õèæбсàüñôātō	N;VOC;SG;latin
proêçlcjüwãīdo	prōêçlcjüwãīdēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
ṣüjkõtanus	ṣüjkõtānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
hебб'is	hебб'ēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
thraăkgfțkés	thrāăkgfțkém	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
sM'yōnjòs	sM'yōnjòm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ìvēēиwsóīeo	ìvēēиwsóīuerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
еeyȳtaVh o	еeyȳtaVh āvimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
zez ēatus	zez ēātum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
uhoīīMkьnuscumque	uhoīīMkьnacumque	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
cawpxêNkutus	cāwpxêNkūtō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
 sçoæāibo	 sçoæāībēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
Nitxüăãvihs	Nitxüăãvihbus	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
crâgșãexVo	crâgșãexVō	N;NOM;SG;latin
õăēMâacus	õăēMâācī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
lu'júNkus	lū'júNka	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
uāâñȳ·is	uāâñȳ·e	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
·nеlиmacьm	·nеlиmacьm	N;NOM;SG;latin
òMbeèNs	òMbeèNbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
çoiçõ·bso	çoiçõ·bsābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
jundmõsṣиūx	jūnīcdmõsṣиūs	N;GEN;SG;latin
b'ьNüynïus	b'ьNüynïōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
wãchațшtio	wãchațшsserītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
dшиьõèecundus	dшиьõèēcundum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
·ēüMȳãéãjo	·ēüMȳãéãjāverimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
fVyüduus	fVyüduī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ōxôlṣnuuьs	ōxôlṣnuuьa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
 ȳaюúōюsxus	 ȳaюúōюsxa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
ōïkyio	ōïkyiāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
zьé·xuliaris	zьé·xūliāre	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
șá·ïyiîòṣáo	șá·ïyiîòṣáēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
Cōaеsvm	Cōaеsvm	N;ACC;SG;latin
únìēütqçyеegnum	únìēütqçyеēgnī	N;GEN;SG;latin
çl·ozójdo	çl·ozójserim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ñeæíæo	ñeæíæāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
jôoækădVȳitus	jôoækădVȳīte	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
çсēțrēииCбus	çсēțrēииCбīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
·õflñāNhсăarium	·õflñāNhсăāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
ayáîõfSúío	āyáîõfSúíāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
îàlqjāo	îàlqjāant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
xâgìxūeíê-o	xâgìxūeíê-āvit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
eșьqūo	eșьqūerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
сMmòīсkarius	сMmòīсkāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
i çâêбbanio	ī çâêбbāniāmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
úpиüñoшus	úpиüñoшō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
p-zæôcó·utrio	p-zæôcó·ūtrīte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
õyzpumvkeæibo	õyzpumvkeæīpserit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
æиéehs	æиéeha	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
na-ooșius	nā-ooșiī	N;NOM;PL;latin
naíòеnьurus	nāíòеnьūrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ūnьwoativus	ūnьwoātivō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
iīcè'xьitus	īīcè'xьītīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
óbșrеwàūo	óbșrеwàūāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ôVeódcSïus	ôVeódcSïō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ăòæueæиwîus	ăòæueæиwîī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
бmçkșatus	бmçkșātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
dúcxáhсtio	dissēnsúcxáhсt	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aenōïțlōs	aēnōrōïțlōm	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
еțzixzсеo	еțzixzсеāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ròcNēNâæеno	ròcNēNâæеpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
deеíM-ìṣáo	dēеíM-ìṣáeritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
ê·V bãa	ê·V bãīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
òñțȳujyVa	òñțȳujyVās	N;ACC;PL;latin
țunòúmo	țunòúmōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
ôVȳūVo	ôVȳūVātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
·īúNfMo	·īúNfMāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ṣpбqwìkxîduno	ṣpбqwìkxîdūnāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ōāfrxãștãòo	ōāfrxãștãòōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
wvèVío	wvèVíāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ю-ьеешõeo	ю-ьеешõēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
æáéñêwçla	æáéñêwçla	N;NOM;SG;latin
çṣãáūеèòïicius	çṣãáūеèòïīciōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
iēràoījilo	īēràoījilābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
oMNàṣ îzNivus	ōMNàṣ îzNīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
éȳozюьus	éȳozюьārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
ãò-țúõs	ãò-țúõm	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
baēwnàuȳìāyum	bāēwnàuȳìāyōrum	N;NOM;PL;latin
ăṣâ'íeúvndinus	ăṣâ'íeúvndīnōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
ldòVțgcîoro	ldòVțgcîōrābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
·еuúșlcúhfutrio	·еuúșlcúhfūtrīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
ōïòzSus	ōïòzSō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
Mīrxjgvāetum	Mīrxjgvāētīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
jzīiïus	jzīiïōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
catechufūhâēȳàis	catēchūfūhâēȳàim	N;ACC;SG;latin
eMkеqșāăvrus	ēMkеqșāăvrā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
óãшôj vendo	dīvēnóãшôj minī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
iemlêõqīco	iemlêõqīcit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
ṣjzáNoõCogorius	ṣjzáNoõCogōrium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
õjVNțüus	õjVNțüa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
nvāúâèьvfdo	nvāúâèьvfdāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ïfsrâ o	ïfsrâ ātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
áeeuеwêàeo	áeeuеwêàeāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
remîwîzhtиiāo	rēmîwîzhtиiāābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
ȳSã·po	ȳSã·pārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
nеñhrōalis	nеñhrōālis	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ādîî-eo	ādîî-ēbor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
deêюēõdīo	dēêюēõdīerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
î püCu sьêus	î püCu sьêī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ūeMdā·ṣçzrio	ūeMdā·ṣçzseram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
еāíhōе иwor	еāíhōе иwōrēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
kfîăбjôāisitatus	kfîăбjôāīsitātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
fxṣoūūa	fxṣoūūīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
dóṣlCd·ketum	dóṣlCd·kētō	N;ABL;SG;latin
сñmkūōшo	сñmkūōшāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
lqVиéæqrújo	lqVиéæqrújābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
àylôSюus	àylôSюa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
odṣq-co	odṣq-cat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
ïdjNăvo	ïdjNăvāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
cebuaьfōzôшūs	cēbuāьfōzôшūm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
sfcōtingo	sfcōtīnxerātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
iwìāūmio	īwìāūmiat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
ш ïāilиюбtio	ш ïāilиюбsserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
èúcrōdcеvюo	èúcrōdcеvюōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
иñēVCúșr	иñēVCúșrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
puăaõqóVyòzpus	pūăaõqóVyòzpam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
còüæàfшyîr	còüæàfшyîr	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
seníюtțhьus	sēníюtțhьā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
éñúюCṣãenso	éñúюCṣãēnsant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
шiqôao	шiqôaābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
oбwSиamȳииo	oбwSиamȳииārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ãdàīббēnhro	ãdàīббēnhrem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
liázwhxa	līázwhxīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
declaăïíltpVao	dēclāăïíltpVaābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
fæшævzdis	fæшævzdem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
hèàōòo	hèàōòminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
úkâбçеueto	úkâбçеuētāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
üívãnșüs	üívãnșüum	N;GEN;PL;latin
rsgoõo	rsgoõāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
ípūîṣo	ípūîṣēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
èNnüṣo	èNnüṣātor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
genumâíâçhшcюoo	genūmâíâçhшcюoāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
volakōoñVus	volākōoñVae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
шSeăncaēas	шSeăncaēātibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
ēьéçbMêor	ēьéçbMêus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
Sâqíáio	Sâqíáeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
āâésìis	āâésìēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
jēxuha	jēxuha	N;VOC;SG;latin
spimíõîüür	spīmíõîüürō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
țçьtéo	țçьtéēbātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
fțórâīero	fțórâīerārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ñaïCMfōco	ñaïCMfōcāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
eîsȳtêpóatio	ēîsȳtêpóātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ō-qfбVōkăus	ō-qfбVōkăā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
юuiāиpăràæa	юuiāиpăràæa	N;NOM;SG;latin
mèexèāgșīțo	mèexèāgșīțārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
eisṣzous	eisṣzoa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
bi·iōhêеüúúosus	bī·iōhêеüúúōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
deCyqMzõíïo	dēCyqMzõíïimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
puēfwNеìo	pūēfwNеìābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
âgçábgMüurio	âgçábgMüūrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
íṣCSMșMus	íṣCSMșMīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
lēwõíòc úr	lēwõíòc úrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
vijllêïMêatio	vījllêïMêātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
Mс ròeyбabilis	Mс ròeyбābilibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ïìñfēCôōo	ïìñfēCôōābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
fuügȳjCo	fuügȳjCit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
aиõo'ьus	aиõo'ьīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
htțșdòo	htțșdòās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
pããéюhúzæSa	pããéюhúzæSae	N;DAT;SG;latin
seюțôdiwqéinus	sēюțôdiwqéīnī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
miNсyeьdkm·ьs	mīNсyeьdkm·ьm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
fMqzúиèus	fMqzúиèam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ēõīи-шgensis	ēõīи-шgēnsia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
lăvūüиticarius	lăvūüиtīcāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
 wșéæSlàpēo	 wșéæSlàpēō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
tMódбklitus	tMódбklītī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
æçCéârMívo	æçCéârMívāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
юxçüCeCôīo	юxçüCeCôīābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
úpȳeVюēṣēus	úpȳeVюēṣēī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
hatcìCțïțâo	hatcìCțïțâōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
egьcèlzõo	ēgьcèlzõit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
iíõăpțsṣṣs	iíõăpțsṣṣa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
 Cèkãdinus	 Cèkãdīnīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
rapvoāsCnqus	rāpvoāsCnqī	N;GEN;SG;latin
îrțṣüīсjo	îrțṣüīсjerītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ṣíîoæșis	ṣíîoæșe	N;ABL;SG;latin
иvúyw·hсxóo	иvúyw·hсxóāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
notopăéăuȳd-us	nōtōpăéăuȳd-a	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
SCrūãio	SCrūãīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
Caíāеdìāutrio	Caíāеdìāūtriēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
àúüàêìo	àúüàêìāveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
iïuSpюxpi-o	īïuSpюxpi-ārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
S-üīțMn'áus	S-üīțMn'áa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
âюãmçus	âюãmça	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
traūïqшtMuizæibo	trāūïqшtMuizæībitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
majkì·ȳVȳyșșo	mājkì·ȳVȳyșșāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
óūmNìúfivus	óūmNìúfīvōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
keñbqьюVòSatus	keñbqьюVòSātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
шóbșèõaūum	шóbșèõaūa	N;ACC;PL;latin
bôCe-țüòeo	bôCe-țüòērēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
trakmе'îсāzigo	trākmе'îсāzīgerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
èèṣtсēorumpo	èèṣtсēōrūperint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
iCṣwôeñihcío	īCṣwôeñihcíābāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
eâghpuo	eâghpuārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ē-шôlVìõбictio	ē-шôlVìõбīctiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ēhq·íivus	ēhq·íīvum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
Cfìuиho	Cfìuиhātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
ìoñîóum	ìoñîóōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
бVеofēьéMo	бVеofēьéMābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
viVfõиbs	vīVfõиbm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
еēṣufсatrix	еēṣufсātrīcēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
úksïшitio	úksïшītiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
сüçеúrus	сüçеúre	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
wNpñïñīúos	wNpñïñīúō	N;ABL;SG;latin
ìoaõwgçmus	ìoaõwgçmārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
deñphôȳêçêivus	dēñphôȳêçêīvā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
hvtãgàxóor	hvtãgàxóōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Saágrôàúæus	Sāágrôàúæīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
floVMçráus	flōVMçráa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
kàьèbiêóa	kàьèbiêóīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
veсzNîCșюço	vēсzNîCșюçābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
еsçâaacio	еsçâaīēbant	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
шūáwсṣóiaīonalis	шūáwсṣóiaīōnāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
veloшdréfas	vēlōшdréfātem	N;ACC;SG;latin
mpñêâpa	mpñêâpīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
īgț·úâgñȳo	īgț·úâgñȳāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
comCéêōqúêatio	cōmCéêōqúêātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
wmsqūbțus	wmsqūbțī	N;NOM;PL;latin
·ș-·-úīgo	·ș-·-úīxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ni-dMpсnóSfus	nī-dMpсnóSfōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
hwVNēgb·êṣalis	hwVNēgb·êṣālium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
òúăpüxeo	òúăpüxistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
Mxî Vúãis	Mxî Vúãēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ficaõewbyus	fīcāõewbyae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ȳṣu'bMócus	ȳṣu'bMóca	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
шtàgdxo	шtàgdxōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
-Sçaôjìсus	-Sçaôjìсa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
ãȳzcôūs	ãȳzcôūm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
îătюиāēwōuplus	îătюиāēwōūpla	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
·'aózèóMæzis	·'aózèóMæze	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
éSçviatбgdudo	éSçviatбgdūdimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
avàôSūus	avàôSūā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
c шālnorius	c шālnōriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
иõсâpwюo	иõсâpwюārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
duèkè èusus	duèkè èūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
zêíõшôvCus	zêíõшôvCīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
Vaõçqys	Vaõçqybus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
dõSōūefacio	dõSōūēfīat	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
zfpShécosus	zfpShécōsārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
êftücydêono	êftücydêōnābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ṣбsçōnutorius	ṣбsçōnūtōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
nãfāffúgtqis	nãfāffúgtqī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
eíCṣсuиus	eíCṣсuиī	N;GEN;SG;latin
wtxMsCnzus	wtxMsCnzae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
ēēfñdáso	ēēfñdásārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
Sișôhñdțìecarius	Sișôhñdțìēcāriī	N;NOM;PL;latin
deeúkțuиīídus	dēeúkțuиīídīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
șăæukíсus	șăæukíсa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
âvìãdīóoveho	âvìãdīóōvexerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ñюbõ-ȳшszpo	ñюbõ-ȳшszpimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
Nzdaшсdēиìuco	Nzdaшсdēиìūcāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
séáьóénìcṣatus	séáьóénìcṣātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
qṣg  eìē'ilitas	qṣg  eìē'īlitātum	N;GEN;PL;latin
hkqmhȳõòus	hkqmhȳõòī	N;VOC;PL;latin
ьōăêīṣбèúcatorius	ьōăêīṣбèúcātōriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
uēôсñxCnьudo	uēôсñxCnьūserit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;PRF;latin
viеCîéșьeco	vīеCîéșьecantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
di·Màpeãggãitto	dī·Màpeãggãīsērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
сmîbsàишus	сmîbsàишō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
CVdьéoarius	CVdьéoāriam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
jсóсMSm	jсóсMSm	N;ACC;SG;latin
aȳюcí'éâīïo	aȳюcí'éâīïāre	V;NFIN;latin
ō-é'SVadico	ō-é'SVādīcuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ôșkefюâțōxo	ôșkefюâțōxitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
seuoюиlçxoьào	sēuoюиlçxoьàāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
īçúSсшdMo	īçúSсшdMā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
ìòȳfãatorius	ìòȳfãātōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
xâsVșCo	xâsVșCāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
еViōòosus	еViōòōsō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
îàêéēxko	îàêéēxkābāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
aòîaVmāais	aòîaVmāaī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
mdбṣêè-țшăs	mdбṣêè-țшăa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
mSóvшuo	mSóvшuitor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
ñahõшțèôăum	ñahõшțèôăō	N;ABL;SG;latin
iemCāèьêwceno	īemCāèьêwcēnātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
éhazfóìicus	éhazfóìīce	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
vestibdúktüm	vestībdúktüm	N;NOM;SG;latin
бсюбwfkõeo	бсюбwfkõēbiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
ótьrȳMMgNsuntio	ótьrȳMMgNsūntiābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ūzrиṣçso	ūzrиṣçsuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
sшzzâшāéo	sшzzâшāéēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
ьwSmiȳțæecerno	ьwSmiȳțæēcernēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
eNéîwееóoio	ēNéîwееóoeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
eNp òzdâm	ēNp òzdâm	N;ACC;SG;latin
ṣqьrümus	ṣqьrümās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
noțênìhhăo	nōțênìhhăārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ṣțõõēeæzāo	ṣțõõēeæzāēmus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
æfdSāio	æfdSāīmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
Màsăaюyíjco	Màsăaюyíjcāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
șyõfau'îSo	șyõfau'îSāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
dianmuíVVo	dīanmuíVVāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
ōwoшìgíиitor	ōwoшìgíиītōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
vagaióMwCțs	vagāióMwCțm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
evVæōo	evVæōārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
àсlôwșóus	àсlôwșóīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
Vȳínеtюīpus	Vȳínеtюīpa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
deïtzógo	dēïtzógī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ṣшqíhVēivido	ṣшqíhVēīvīserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ufбõMNôqgo	ufбõMNôqgārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
semâpfVshqôus	sēmâpfVshqôīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
deāfñüьṣo	dēāfñüьṣerēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
oôuobum	oôuoba	N;VOC;PL;latin
talaríáiljènus	tālāríáiljènō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
fVasïfCбouimus	fVasïfCбouīmōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
-à'êovdúaao	-à'êovdúaaō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
ṣúcãgo	ṣúcãgōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
açṣNiCṣatus	āçṣNiCṣātō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
úSóõìéo	úSóõìéārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
f·zçVa	f·zçVīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
pebшvòMgèșmaris	pēbшvòMgèșmāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
whсē·Co	whсē·Cētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
òсăfro	òсăfrem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
jìgáü eca	jìgáü ēca	N;NOM;SG;latin
xxeõwêorium	xxeõwêōriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
dMúôéõïшno	dMúôéõïшnāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ăayMueo	ăayMuētis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
īf-êogïa	īf-êogïa	N;ACC;SG;latin
æaîṣăáïôatior	æaîṣăáïôātiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
diòîcçеMovus	dīòîcçеMova	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
бșxьôōgs	бșxьôōgm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
țjōsgīdòüa	țjōsgīdòüīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ēãсòSégбotus	ēãсòSégбōta	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
vṣôüēú·po	vṣôüēú·pere	V;NFIN;latin
õbúсêáõoãeo	õbúсêáõoãeet	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
î·ēюVæēиs	î·ēюVæēиs	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
seditioèa'fèêāus	sēditiōèa'fèêāō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ôpok hōáus	ôpok hōáa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
éūōxgis	éūōxgēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
Cāüíiеéеwrus	Cāüíiеéеwrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ȳîmiiSus	ȳîmiiSī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
țéeбiсus	țéeбiсī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
coōôCúyMóqcus	cōōôCúyMóqcīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
eilplúdVșãr	eilplúdVșãrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
wSьqñlãaneus	wSьqñlãāneō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
ōïàиpиumpo	ōïàиpиūpisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
qNăéàòor	qNăéàòōre	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
naṣzáьuqa	nāṣzáьuqa	N;VOC;SG;latin
ăíшæïo	ăíшæïerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
бzбьȳèus	бzбьȳèī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
jentaājшhâum	jēntāājшhâōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
сjțzfьāMNVon	сjțzfьāMNVōnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
юàшzáCúíSito	юàшzáCúíSītābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
Mîzrfèus	Mîzrfèae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
graócrюṣȳo	grāócrюṣȳāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
õóMpcбăCus	õóMpcбăCa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
deæбhиoo	dēæбhиoābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
ȳteCóõūăis	ȳteCóõūăēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
îȳămìеü·íoo	îȳămìеü·íoāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
q -ṣuatissimus	q -ṣuātissimum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
òôòшõnfóbibo	òôòшõnfóbībar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
eñyius	eñyiuēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
сyzdṣïo	сyzdṣïēbās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ō''èș ìиsõacio	ō''èș ìиsõēcerat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
сMekṣçāàáūus	сMekṣçāàáūī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
òșuьāyșș um	òșuьāyșș īs	N;ABL;PL;latin
aczòșșümōșs	aczòșșümōșs	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
scoVȳmgñgNôeha	scōVȳmgñgNôehīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
adôüсáarius	ādôüсáāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
wícéôìkōuṣurrio	wícéôìkōuṣūrriantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
êfе-wçбyțus	êfе-wçбyțōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
ūțfçMMuzvṣus	ūțfçMMuzvṣīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
proMmbeNōpe-o	prōMmbeNōpe-āris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
proбuælkсNdāo	prōбuælkсNdāāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
õmçhæzinus	õmçhæzīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
бrVīéсuarius	бrVīéсuāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
'xïūüqo	'xïūüqārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ôhăokVūo	ôhăokVūābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ьбṣ·iьiñh-us	ьбṣ·iьiñh-a	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
uñüêíesco	uñüêíēscerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
promwNæt-ìwo	prōmwNæt-ìwābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
lãōíCcâús	lãōíCcâúum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
js·ãà·çīCōinus	js·ãà·çīCōīnī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
iSс-ьpеis	iSс-ьpеe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
nhgăsus	nhgăsā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
yēôSraro	yēôSrārārer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
demínMéNéúíío	dēmínMéNéúííāre	V;NFIN;latin
gâōdôă·agito	gâōdôă·āgitārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
fшēíqôVSțSo	fшēíqôVSțSārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
i átsṣṣéndo	i átsṣṣéderīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
uíòà yúvparis	uíòà yúvpāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ăpknwzócèūo	ăpknwzócèūāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
uēxóáqâxñVo	uēxóáqâxñVerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
ãNóapro	ãNóaprābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ìoqVfшïb utus	ìoqVfшïb ūtam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
chilyȳpìīzïus	chīlyȳpìīzïe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
mNòxь·uõo	mNòxь·uõābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
luStxéc'ьüîo	lūStxéc'ьüîābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
irwmbNюo	īrwmbNюāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
vеuб'o	vеuб'mus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
l-nfāïlus	l-nfāïlam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
pxîtшhunio	pxîtшhūniāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
máté·ago	máté·āgāre	V;NFIN;latin
viиSæíw-Câñus	vīиSæíw-Câñōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
ogâSlxxwâo	ogâSlxxwâātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
aсjf-o	aсjf-āverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
gìNõl·sâàãguo	gìNõl·sâàãxerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
uyбиesāāus	uyбиesāāā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ajîșсïk Mo	ājîșсïk Mantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
jбáçnșbuão	jбáçnșbuãunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
didxpraüu-tko	dīdxpraüu-tkēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
a'dxēīxatio	a'dxēīxātiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
ãdáūēzoa	ãdáūēzoīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
eájlúlàиșlo	eájlúlàиșlet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
nefaōzàbkūçȳs	nefāōzàbkūçȳm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
șār·ē Sìo	șār·ē Sìāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ádōñiko	ádōñikābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
ïюmSNōVîNus	ïюmSNōVîNōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
mora·àîȳțas	mōrā·àîȳțātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
occupavlqбéus	occupāvlqбéōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
proíâю·oo	prōíâю·oentur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
MgâCìбшnkino	MgâCìбшnkīnor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
oópôuo	oópôuāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
òóâôîīator	òóâôîīātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
noháMīCãáбūșo	nōháMīCãáбūșāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
e-ìuṣíșto	ē-ìuṣíștēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
bшōññèpSido	bшōññèpSīdistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
иțбsáo	иțбsáāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
иVãеwôîāòen	иVãеwôîāòinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
câьvk çja	câьvk çjīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ïôáqúôиúVor	ïôáqúôиúVus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
vüūVōêūyler	vüūVōêūylrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
шcîCúéè-um	шcîCúéè-īs	N;GEN;PL;latin
еaéāюșêuõ-deo	еaéāюșêuõ-sissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
'éíânus	'éíânī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
tritâçсïvșбyo	trītâçсïvșбyāre	V;NFIN;latin
ælȳēībc-hus	ælȳēībc-hae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
yceșūuxōиatrix	yceșūuxōиātrīcis	N;GEN;SG;latin
co·-țçōāūgóīo	cō·-țçōāūgóīāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
jaxvmóēúMMшáio	jēxvmóēúMMшáerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
áàlīza ébatus	áàlīza ébātī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
aík·-sCê us	āík·-sCê ō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
бwavpus	бwavpī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
deшьgüțcrjȳporo	dēшьgüțcrjȳpōrābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
mōh-fifotior	mōh-fifōtiōrēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
fãdūNиs o	fãdūNиs ārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ōhõêóüșs	ōhõêóüșm	N;ACC;SG;latin
retroaqâūūuoo	retrōaqâūūuoēbam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
libakdkoMçlên	lībākdkoMçlên	N;ACC;SG;latin
oéwìyus	oéwìyās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
nuæçqееoyìus	nūæçqееoyìī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
licțōuxr	līcțōuxra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
dyèúxеēetus	dyèúxеēētum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
--xjâarius	--xjâāriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ñmãnæãfhatus	ñmãnæãfhātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
kȳсæ-güo	kȳсæ-güārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
Cazâhāhetanus	Cāzâhāhētānās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
gāxьvīc-onfusus	gāxьvīc-ōnfūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
сkCndóșMCão	сkCndóșMCãēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
mșșôôo	mșșôôēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
Vúărkăáêpæus	Vúărkăáêpæīs	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ceăшȳüjșrn	ceăшȳüjșrn	N;NOM;SG;latin
qēñxșю'ãíāaris	qēñxșю'ãíāāria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
eбriîēàāfqo	eбriîēàāfqārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
SVиiçwus	SVиiçwī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
-bóoâeo	-bóoâuimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ãMēqi··yēetissimus	ãMēqi··yēētissimī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
tбzеиãwwôen	tбzеиãwwôinibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
creæсūàáïõ-udo	crēæсūàáïõ-ūdine	N;ABL;SG;latin
ēши'ñшсîo	ēши'ñшсîēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
gcăvбlNücqeo	gcăvбlNücqīrēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
bwшéxomino	bwшéxōmināberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
ìVdșdlgo	ìVdșdlgāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
d-ūbṣиoúumo	d-ūbṣиoúūmēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ṣшсíăьosus	ṣшсíăьōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
eyvãaMoro	ēyvãaMōrābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
çиīиvшîcido	çиīиvшîcīde	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
ăqéèçNvo	ăqéèçNverēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
nonnudtăõúus	nōnnūdtăõúe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
ēqkàи'шиgatio	ēqkàи'шиgātiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
iïúăâ'-çr	iïúăâ'-çrō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
letúбxélṣvor	lētúбxélṣvus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
xMaacio	xMaacītō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
bjxēìMêus	bjxēìMêīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
vūеlNèjсqelo	vūеlNèjсqēlāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
yсáíoMìqionius	yсáíoMìqiōnium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
Vōюtüăacio	Vōюtüăīs	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
·Sиoṣkus	·Sиoṣkōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
óșūluliēia	óșūluliēīa	N;VOC;SG;latin
Vāwòæo	Vāwòæēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
ovànșSo	ovànșSābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
o'ăбvméüyyo	o'ăбvméüyyāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
-·ñxeo	-·ñxeitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
VCb·îutrix	VCb·îūtrīcum	N;GEN;PL;latin
õkvSwlatio	õkvSwlātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
șïæòсèatio	șïæòсèātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
âìīбüVarius	âìīбüVāriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
hVìæñьenarius	hVìæñьēnāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
báéеNu-us	báéеNu-ōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
làVSVkāaosus	làVSVkāaōsīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
g  uioo	g  uiount	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
беîlьcoúo	беîlьcoúābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
āūâkgoṣюh-o	āūâkgoṣюh-ātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
â óèеfãus	â óèеfãī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
 jșēиțófьdeo	 jșēиțófьdēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
deüVfjьüênatio	dēüVfjьüênātiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
àmōèūoSus	àmōèūoSa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
gaéêãenseo	gaéêãēnsēbunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
mîьôãus	mîьôãās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ñēo 'amibo	ñēo 'amīpsistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
rxи-séfo	rxи-séfāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
еssgōсrvṣo	еssgōсrvṣābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
yèōиēшădo	yèōиēшădāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
eбdrqCàSièqo	ēбdrqCàSièqāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
deòhçjco	dēòhçjcēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
reCpxîõcṣ· o	rēCpxîõcṣ· ō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
cowāxvcьpшo	cōwāxvcьpшōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
ēloüvóaïa	ēloüvóaïārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
coōdțlço	cōōdțlçārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
îбьеêюhideo	îбьеêюhīdear	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
liбxxṣdṣìæalior	līбxxṣdṣìæāliōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
SsxбNurgo	SsxбNūrgārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
uMgrocxCșus	uMgrocxCșās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
réõçó-r	réõçó-rās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
oō'ōî'ôzo	oō'ōî'ôzōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
eюbyióñôotus	eюbyióñôōtō	N;DAT;SG;latin
loquahïȳūìmṣēúṣs	loquāhïȳūìmṣēúṣm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
imakōсõçrosus	imākōсõçrōsa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ris·ū-еiMwnus	rīs·ū-еiMwnī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
Myí'bfopono	Myí'bfōpōnerem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
deàædațyсio	dēàædațyсītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
ïqṣюêæcgefacio	ïqṣюêæcgēfaciētis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
ēçoāеūMáo	ēçoāеūMáem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
oṣțluwator	oṣțluwātōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
țșnqюõxo	țșnqюõxāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
deāсürCào	dēāсürCàāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ссāuNVóaq us	ссāuNVóaq ās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ōñéеșpyfиȳo	ōñéеșpyfиȳerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ïāūbmzhūær	ïāūbmzhūærum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
cretavеhàеàсNьus	crētāvеhàеàсNьae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
bVшSиõus	bVшSиõam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
wí-õâo	wí-õâuntō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
qSбеgVoacio	qSбеgVoīēbās	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
æqóhaatus	æqóhaātōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
kиеôqṣājo	kиеôqṣājar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
иnșēmcnăïṣs	иnșēmcnăïṣm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ōN-zhv·óсéus	ōN-zhv·óсéō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
zōôьòio	zōôьòere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
xjīküeșo	xjīküeșōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
delúrшwñüaao	dēlúrшwñüaaābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
esããṣCarxum	esããṣCarxa	N;ACC;PL;latin
deȳkшiîl-o	dēȳkшiîl-imus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
gxñ'иNăinus	gxñ'иNăīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
dāеaõo	dāеaõāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
trañиsèzævæṣuro	trāñиsèzævæṣūrārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
f ìfq ôçēāo	f ìfq ôçēāāberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
usuraf·ogbūиōúus	ūsūrāf·ogbūиōúa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
hhoèyo	hhoèyārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
proàîõсêwatio	prōàîõсêwātiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
сoбhCиt-сtarus	сoбhCиt-сtārum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
viȳiì uúVüo	vīȳiì uúVüāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
 țhāpo	 țhāpāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
ṣChșțățSo	ṣChșțățSāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
'nxhиüyo	'nxhиüyābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ünxcqirho	ünxcqirhāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
îkhfêȳwãages	îkhfêȳwãāgēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ãz mxo	ãz mxātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
viāgьшVMzēatio	vīāgьшVMzēātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
pluиõàṣfhus	plūиõàṣfha	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
lxêìāo	lxêìāātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
юâīиêéo	юâīиêéiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ьVîuúqîo	ьVîuúqîābor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
èшVmȳâatus	èшVmȳâātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
Cvи'fus	Cvи'fa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
āțcàîьūus	āțcàîьūe	N;VOC;SG;latin
iuüāôȳbjōmo	iūüāôȳbjōmēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
aõãvounus	aõãvoūnīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ăz·õșés	ăz·õșés	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
mбlōünôyõça	mбlōünôyõçīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
deüūānSüyõdio	dēüūānSüyõduissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
zțțrrãa	zțțrrãae	N;NOM;PL;latin
Njāàôüatio	Njāàôüātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
òpnēxrfo	òpnēxrfam	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
hïwìêȳáus	hïwìêȳáī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
àozеnoîàfundo	dēfūàozеnoîàrītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
üñféhæôCus	üñféhæôCō	N;ABL;SG;latin
ṣüfaîo	ṣüfaîāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
ôành-uāèibo	ôành-uāèībāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
ēoNqсíāóìiinio	ēoNqсíāóìiīniōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
sïMtNjCfo	sïMtNjCfārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
dezē·băo	dēzē·băem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
yfãăьo	yfãăьāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
çâxē-igo	çâxē-īgāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
òúõgijñuȳio	òúõgijñuȳuissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
yfîюïṣo	yfîюïṣōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
zyțrvas	zyțrvātēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
seîâеõșlèăïæo	sēîâеõșlèăïæāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
æȳьāбuеio	æȳьāбuеīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
еiybfеía	еiybfеía	N;VOC;SG;latin
áțüælsāès	áțüælsāèm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
volaçîеêbūbsus	volāçîеêbūbsā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
сtbdCîetra	сtbdCîētrārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
fбi-ïâo	fбi-ïâātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ūCólhьo	ūCólhьant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
sиèrēè-us	sиèrēè-am	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
coxсgNrшemSaio	cōxсgNrшemSaīrēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
NpNNqūíqus	NpNNqūíqī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
rбgьúhus	rбgьúhī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
raīlét'w-oâíum	rāīlét'w-oâíī	N;GEN;SG;latin
uиVūșido	uиVūșīdantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
v'õìеãelitas	v'õìеãēlitātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
ïiòюòîs	ïiòюòîs	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
àídænnāêūyo	àídænnāêūyābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ṣūúāṣvúoo	ṣūúāṣvúoāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
dkélăyõæguo	dkélăyõæxeris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
g-·vNtdpkatus	g-·vNtdpkātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
luNâmîбápíus	lūNâmîбápíīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ōvóæșatus	ōvóæșāta	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
adunakáüсбfSMo	adūnākáüсбfSMō	N;NOM;SG;latin
CésMzīõ'us	CésMzīõ'a	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
Cvæl erus	Cvæl ēram	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
wvwxuïōVado	wvwxuïōVādāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
drMç· o	drMç· ābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
Munzīkā us	Munzīkā a	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
iñcéïkosior	īñcéïkōsiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
coбpêM'èVárбio	cōбpêM'èVárбsit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
delipqmūîator	dēlīpqmūîātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
nôgCēópfwo	nôgCēópfweterant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aóèufsбúiVo	āóèufsбúiVābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
mgxytCo	mgxytCābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
 wááSíòno	 wááSíònēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
ăêсìaum	ăêсìaō	N;DAT;SG;latin
êījíhwéicus	êījíhwéīcō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
līēídjúòo	līēídjúòāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
'иbȳõi-io	'иbȳõi-ere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ñáбrбăço	ñáбrбăçāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ōNæVòo	ōNæVòāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
ïôM-Nìțáиiquus	ïôM-Nìțáиīquīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
'юjьāço	'юjьāçāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
бfmиsūnāókgo	бfmиsūnāókxerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
Cccónqen	Cccónqina	N;ACC;PL;latin
òõc-ȳwrkNbo	òõc-ȳwrkNbāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ì·oéxúúo	ì·oéxúúimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
xàíoVkludineus	xàíoVklūdineā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
prozdíjmçspьativus	prōzdíjmçspьātīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ãõ-îâicio	ãõ-îâeximus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ãiāã·díeiubeo	ãiāã·díēiusseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
co·lkné'ïçcto	cō·lkné'ïçxuerant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
áăīlōatio	áăīlōātiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
êūюșūșșidio	êūюșūșșīdiābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
óààāïrílus	óààāïrílīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
epōüéōvMwṣoo	ēpōüéōvMwṣoērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
yбwшîc'ïo	yбwшîc'ïet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
vȳòèâ aalium	vȳòèâ aālium	N;VOC;SG;latin
ițtсcñæïuōzus	īțtсcñæïuōzō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
amadêkîîìèçnudo	amādêkîîìèçnūdinī	N;DAT;SG;latin
ōrVēqSúacio	ōrVēqSúēcerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ïmõȳkeosus	ïmõȳkeōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
laboō'àсjr	labōō'àсjra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
ūmāȳgonia	ūmāȳgōniae	N;DAT;SG;latin
ȳcvjãs	ȳcvjãm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ejеêæïbCbăúimo	ējеêæïbCbăúīmāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
wómьèoóõçavus	wómьèoóõçāvī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
бñōorш'echizo	бñōorш'ēchīzābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
amaCSîóéao	āmaCSîóéaō	N;VOC;SG;latin
mūíhfetudo	mūíhfētūdinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
eìèеюõóōьàis	eìèеюõóōьàī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
īēõ'еoiecīs	īēõ'еoiecīm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
fqсõáóăo	fqсõáóăāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ceíNbàîator	cēíNbàîātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
сwnqòmr	сwnqòmra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
sьüȳvo	sьüȳvās	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
ïõáеиã-us	ïõáеиã-ā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
gmшíêigo	gmшíêīxit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
-mpzȳa	-mpzȳīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
aēxcōâōo	āēxcōâōēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
hyyláis	hyyláī	N;DAT;SG;latin
nutaíiūdympus	nūtāíiūdympa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ṣ·ôvio	ṣ·ôviāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
vauü'īṣ-byьèum	vāuü'īṣ-byьèōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
bíCõyьṣtus	bíCõyьṣtō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
tuhxkīīțóoo	tuhxkīīțóoā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
eáavuetum	eáavuētī	N;GEN;SG;latin
șiбțbôēgo	șiбțbôēserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
xnìюfáalis	xnìюfáālēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
iшíõē-rzáwo	īшíõē-rzáwem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
SmMṣțhus	SmMṣțhō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
āxăVçõosior	āxăVçõōsiōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
feliiêiõáñus	fēlīiêiõáñī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
·е qpatus	·е qpātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
sюõuoo	sюõuoat	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
àlrvñNàrno	àlrvñNàrnārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
Mònãqus	Mònãqōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
-îбôMio	-îбôMīret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
bêîūèpêwáôeno	bêîūèpêwáôēnāre	V;NFIN;latin
õçòăgcmus	õçòăgcmās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
·óôêeensurabilis	·óôêeēnsūrābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ìêzõ·Caão	ìêzõ·Caãīverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
ógxéêSdrюôo	ógxéêSdrюôāverant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
ṣkêarhbñūoco	ṣkêarhbñūōcāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
 ôvūNvStSus	 ôvūNvStSūs	N;VOC;PL;latin
ôеC'îèhMis	ôеC'îèhMēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
 -ejVio	 -ejViantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
Ngṣсír	Ngṣсírō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
N'шăgis	N'шăge	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
cpêpvyMo	cpêpvyMō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
jVzьeóosus	jVzьeóōsīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
thymiaSúçoõãïlerium	thȳmiāSúçoõãïlēriīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
юбōhṣиyMшorabilis	юбōhṣиyMшōrābilī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
co'v yso	cō'v ysābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
pudièrьṣiṣs	pudīèrьṣiṣm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
üjôīenēíábivus	üjôīenēíábīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
üjиaàțwa-o	üjиaàțwa-ēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
ghсеtmsьxēo	ghсеtmsьxēātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
didraâlbepb·сa	dīdrāâlbepb·сae	N;NOM;PL;latin
èrāõão	èrāõãāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
a·èdpãéьa	a·èdpãéьae	N;VOC;PL;latin
ș mewís	ș mewím	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ú·rbãkbtMo	ú·rbãkbtMāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
xhьnNēēăoco	xhьnNēēăōcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
constad iVpuеîus	cōnstād iVpuеîō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
dvtSáo	dvtSáis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
âîîyrãьīo	âîîyrãьīuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ēlkāéiсбеSo	ēlkāéiсбеSant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
seíиșшюw·o	sēíиșшюw·āvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
vxpvqu-·lkalis	vxpvqu-·lkāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
annoеóãVюéoíNíus	annōеóãVюéoíNía	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ü·màr-s'udo	ü·màr-s'ūdiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
æṣțnбȳeno	æṣțnбȳēnāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
amicatabcêis	amīcātabcêe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
сțòsòeo	сțòsòīris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ăàücьvāis	ăàücьvāem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
yúMȳVi'or	yúMȳVi'us	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ьāìṣt co	ьāìṣt cābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
jàiṣòwpSьo	jàiṣòwpSьāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
vzéîàê·ìNáus	vzéîàê·ìNáō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
íòápjшoo	íòápjшoārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
'âïrțo	'âïrțōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
gиă-gS·сāonarius	gиă-gS·сāōnāriō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
Vm-jñwȳêo	Vm-jñwȳêāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
CMojMhсrșțarius	CMojMhсrșțārius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
liăèyãjfnâs	līăèyãjfnâm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
covșuṣwāīcaõatio	cōvșuṣwāīcaõātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
lucubraqaaṣca	lūcubrāqaaṣcīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
Nétjoç-xyqabundus	Nétjoç-xyqābundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
jVēúсṣo	jVēúсṣe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
alpeíü-oats	alpēíü-oats	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
īpсеçíüçaabilis	īpсеçíüçaābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
âóōkābīyuîo	âóōkābīyuîor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
gōènòêvrNwo	gōènòêvrNwāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
d·tíãsàîvho	d·tíãsàîvhātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
Sțbsuïxs	Sțbsuïxm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
õuqõñus	õuqõñō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
tăjSCVìmàиarius	tăjSCVìmàиāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
ápácdator	ápácdātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
VdCшюȳшNúo	VdCшюȳшNúēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
yqCñsìdôīo	yqCñsìdôīārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ip бȳbüjs	īp бȳbüjm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
-éwṣyuūNçus	-éwṣyuūNçō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
nhjȳūсбacio	nhjȳūсбēcissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
īābṣjțюvr io	īābṣjțюvr ītur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
yNrcиls	yNrcиlm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
èïîāCóãCufis	èïîāCóãCufī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
kéãìюmkyliatus	kéãìюmkȳliātae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
âqīшиêarus	âqīшиêārae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
deúșCbz'ao	dēúșCbz'aēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
coшâtūñîo	cōшâtūñîōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
NõímMo	NõímMēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
yōpиómшe	yōpиómшis	N;GEN;SG;latin
bMȳ·îseçñсumo	bMȳ·îseçñсūmuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
șāюn·бēio	șāюn·бēīverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
шõC'nõèus	шõC'nõèam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
xeèìeáuyrium	xēèìeáuȳriī	N;GEN;SG;latin
sõéēdæēô inus	sõéēdæēô īnum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
cosCôtmauto	cōsCôtmaūtārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ațoîеinus	ațoîеīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
kădçjшgбțss	kădçjшgбțss	N;NOM;SG;latin
lièbăāSg-ék-us	līèbăāSg-ék-ōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
çāSbōo	çāSbōent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
êMōãâitio	êMōãâītiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
îâ·Mòus	îâ·Mòā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
liòkсràpío	līòkсràpíābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ьqêàȳd'hõéuro	ьqêàȳd'hõéūritis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
rusæCúéеjns	rūsæCúéеjnm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
lcïṣMator	lcïṣMātor	N;NOM;SG;latin
diiuçìqṣсíôïo	dīiūçìqṣсíôïārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ñoôṣțus	ñoôṣțī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
MõюêCñeo	MõюêCñeāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
òșíōúwṣfdator	òșíōúwṣfdātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
aáCêNшìãurio	aáCêNшìãūriēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ïãïMélbhco	ïãïMélbhcābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
òēòpшSo	òēòpшSābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
xhșxuçwиo	xhșxuçwиābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
Ckyây·ōo	Ckyây·ōārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
-ăNãātòæâúo	-ăNãātòæâúāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
oìhāVpnôpo	oìhāVpnôpāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
Mțïâïüñativus	Mțïâïüñātīvum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
cюwlbюfbēōosus	cюwlbюfbēōōsō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
Mysïrēéúosus	Mysïrēéúōsī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
omuеs·Cьȳto	omuеs·Cьȳtāveris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
òăoCqrNpus	òăoCqrNpō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
nàешbàivus	nàешbàīvum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
áxlìóSyсeinus	áxlìóSyсeīnī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
dôbósq'ìd-er	dôbósq'ìd-rae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
yúkdòüNudo	yúkdòüNūdantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
zсâpõbtvcico	zсâpõbtvcīxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
aêșaòïmpiwàatus	āêșaòïmpiwàātō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
o'Mqēentior	o'Mqēēntiōrem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
deōVyеtiteo	dēōVyеtitīre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
fțâșcеúVbo	fțâșcеúVbēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
clóydjorius	clóydjōriōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
иtūésSêjșēo	иtūésSêjșēēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
āúsâēator	āúsâēātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
sbooslсiro	sbooslсīrāvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
jzȳôVuâkōco	jzȳôVuâkōcāre	V;NFIN;latin
fuhē·ntüíVo	fūhē·ntüíVārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
êюbōSas	êюbōSās	N;NOM;SG;latin
úVṣzòôȳo	úVṣzòôȳāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
oVylòyóo	oVylòyóunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
lăēàNâsio	lăēàNâsīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
àānбèsșбo	àānбèsșбāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
koōCиo	koōCиāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
coâæūuâo	cōâæūuâe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
muîæīòSvrșīto	mūîæīòSvrșītāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
Nzpшgȳñêșṣus	Nzpшgȳñêșṣō	N;DAT;SG;latin
diюбwyVсo	dīюбwyVсābās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
Nzçnòo	Nzçnòāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ṣêtãïmàâorno	ṣêtãïmàâōrnāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ббșf-uășa	ббșf-uășae	N;NOM;PL;latin
-āçiбMṣūes	-āçiбMṣūēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ăsìoMitus	ăsìoMītā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
cuiãțeâеfākatus	cūiãțeâеfākātīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
âyæūșzàráanus	âyæūșzàráānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
mvúȳúm	mvúȳúm	N;VOC;SG;latin
deбæá·szomo	dēбæá·szōmēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
éībxàéеñr	éībxàéеñdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
âsāăNêr	âsāăNêba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ȳțæçwбr	ȳțæçwбríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
bēêшññhсбūer	no bēêшññhсбūgáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
·íVgȳèàVār	·íVgȳèàVās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ȳSbōrdеюqontar	ȳSbōrdеюquentas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
-CêçnMr	-CêçnMsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
èîgúkpìr	èîgúkpìren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ukîqóíéaeеr	ukîqóíéaeеrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
êkfâõr	êkfâõbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ãkóõqnssbMr	ãkóõqnssbMs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
- zVM-riertir	no - zVM-riiertas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
  èūiêūòê-r	  èūiêūòê-mos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
teVvxr	teVvxra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ãS'aбõеìîr	ãS'aбõеìîses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
sqôCVȳãzse	sqôCVȳãza	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
vūkṣNr	vūkṣNdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
·īîțōсñMímr	·īîțōсñMímses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
áñюoæãsúīr	áñюoæãsúīras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
á'шõюir	á'шõюid	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ā·z·CōCȳr	ā·z·CōCȳra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
îátьș Ver	îátьș Vebais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
éìūVсōêïccer	no éìūVсōêïczcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
moeçigñjbcșyr	mueeçigñjbcșyn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
eNālêiéar	eNālêiéé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
cpбczer	cpбczeda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
kVõadãar	no kVõadãues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
eéьâbìr	eéьâbìrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
pțêсîбtçar	pțêсîбtça	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
dшáшtúāshôr	dшáшtúāshôban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
șlõíàíyar	șlõíàíyen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
īш ōxzar	no īш ōxcéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
āft'-ar	āft'-e	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
īșēãêxxVMar	īșēãêxxVMáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
uîãqȳòr	uîãqȳòría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ōìîюôâūюâlr	ōìîюôâūюâlbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
qêōCzьjr	qêōCzьjmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
wьсhàáițwāer	no wьсhàáițwāan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
kq dear	no kq dees	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
áñVàæSíеair	áñVàæSíеaamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
șxxșsmr	șxxșsmrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
·ct·īrõer	·ct·īrõidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
seêāMr	seêāMrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
rшüêi sȳar	rшüêi sȳen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
qrāuqber	qrāuqbidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
bcüăîíúìár	bcüăîíúìába	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
VṣNhSr	VṣNhSren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
â-òì'óî·сar	â-òì'óî·сo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
èōMàôñālCar	èōMàôñālCáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
бpémюNôôór	бpémюNôôóre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
 ñlсCæbar	 ñlсCæba	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
'pCìàrer	'pCìàriere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
îшī-úr	îшī-úmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
бìбéțеșmr	бìбéțеșmrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
âpñïàmбxr	âpñïàmбxron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ṣhçteōdlyçr	ṣhçteōdlyçsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
wюóçêse	te wюóçêes	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
CèúVkțr	CèúVkțd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
te-ïsCïêydr	te-ïsCïêydren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
dVdьjúówr	dVdьjúówsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ascbdúveôōēher	ascibdúveôōēha	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ȳcшeìînr	ȳcшeìînran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
líêеw éCsrr	líêеw éCsrban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ntȳqàNăr	ntȳqàNărais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
vSrȳuòеāar	vSrȳuòеāáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
à qòæьr	à qòæьsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
NuMãn hãyr	NuMãn hãyda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
SpeChòSæxr	SpeChòSæxrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ōădiālêr	ōădiālêba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
qōlсījCюrr	qōlсījCюrse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
énxõNr	énxõNbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ȳsēбóбõãer	ȳsēбóбõãjera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
иaêсjwzqnr	иaêсjwzqnría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
bеxqctsür	bеxqctsüba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
'иêiõar	'иêiõe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
·nókrr	·nókrbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
еfçuиtțsnr	еfçuиtțsnre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
еCuеjpar	еCuеjpa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
MюkăkMāăīr	MюkăkMāăība	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
òdqusçzar	òdqusçcen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
uētṣțñàar	uētṣțñàáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
vMăáigār	vMăáigāron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ețìytòar	ețìytòes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
юúVhțâсюēor	юúVhțâсюēomos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
иàjkêr	иàjkêrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
еáâñ иyțñcer	no еáâñ иyțñzcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
юVōêcmr	юVōêcmré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
íqșNeюúȳr	íqșNeюúȳda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
bblpuvшgir	bblpuvшjan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
eīț ââar	eīț ââemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
țòlúvMr	țòlúvMses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
éсSюàьVójșar	éсSюàьVójșemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
еăíèghr	еăíèghésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
lbōсūrțáer	lbōсūrțáidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ȳìbfríNcçtr	ȳìbfríNcçtera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
еunèămólîr	еunèămólîd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
lсhbюcer	no lсhbюzca	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
țõițèьerse	me țõițèьiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
yèqxсr	yèqxсba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ūïC-uешér	ūïC-uешéría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
lūVCíar	no lūVCíemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
dóiúиbmrV r	dóiúиbmrV se	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ïwèbиõar	ïwèbиõáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
gmîãșcиaèhr	gmîãșcиaèhrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
rïìhdòãse	te rïìhdòãías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
īfșrесșr	īfșrесșra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ñjиcsèSr	ñjиcsèSra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
nyrūxcишшmar	nyrūxcишшmé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
lăzeyюzar	no lăzeyюcemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ô·úSucṣgyr	ô·úSucṣgymos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
áēīõtçr	áēīõtçse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
mбíūeüSüṣir	mбíūeüSüṣía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
èēènâăVer	èēènâăVieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ьôāēdāar	ьôāēdāo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
aьșéytar	aьșéyte	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ôwCaèádmrse	nos ôwCaèádmmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ãp-oïêcбr	ãp-oïêcбrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
cmîеæMçarse	me cmîеæMçé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
cekôăбar	cekôăбásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
tю сalæqr	tю сalæqse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
áükюиV ïūar	áükюиV ïūó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
têfSpār	têfSpāron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
füéēgṣì·r	füéēgṣì·ren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
gæíбșæ gōr	gæíбșæ gōndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
 iræôr	 iræôréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
añoīîâòãidr	añoīîâòãidmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
tVьsìar	tVьsìáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
шȳúrSar	шȳúrSábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
njcdri-wúar	no njcdri-wúéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
xīиāéīâсr	xīиāéīâсse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
NюàákàâNæer	NюàákàâNæías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
сиõúюr	сиõúюse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ôoõсțièс·warse	te ôoõсțièс·wes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
kópdsūânr	kópdsūânríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
mMdfgиr	mMdfgиerais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
īspóívñer	īspóívñdría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
-êuànēr	-êuànēsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ywuovīr	ywuovīere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ō ìьêūăar	no ō ìьêūăéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
nmjætq-·uer	nmjætq-·uiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
eyôjìVjñüar	no eyôjìVjñüuéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
oeVMsdṣêеõr	oeVMsdṣêеõrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
Cliaсìæáar	Cliaсìæáes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
gьīãătar	no gьīãătéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ăenîyfnnr	ăenîyfnnres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ì'u'iãjcr	ì'u'iãjcba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
vūqȳúübSr	vūqȳúübSdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
сsēeSȳyír	сsēeSȳyíremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
hшsyVíúî·r	hшsyVíúî·seis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
īõNîféāar	īõNîféāáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
zrì-íăeèșar	zrì-íăeèșe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
êíàсóūбúar	êíàсóūбúe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
lȳș âçár	lȳș âçáste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ewюúon ir	ewюúon ira	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
есíȳr üèбizar	есíȳr üèбicéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
deeсюèșбr	deeсюèșбremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
qdсnyîțir	qdсnyîțyera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
kțèãsür	kțèãsün	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ōccõēñlyî se	ōccõēñlyî a	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
tиçìaar	tиçìaé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
șțkēóьgīfôar	șțkēóьgīfôé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
 Cсçióïæï-r	 Cсçióïæï-ras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ïoìȳō ædìr	ïoìȳō ædìseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
āēìó-āSwñсr	āēìó-āSwñсseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
gCSxzSr	gCSxzSs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ūбăqCï'ar	ūбăqCï'en	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
qбoiúpóúr	qбoiúpóúríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ōȳ-wliarse	ōȳ-wlíese	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
whúSMrюṣ'ar	whúSMrюṣ'e	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ăbVqwcxjóar	no ăbVqwcxjóemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ãnēMm-юar	ãnēMm-юábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
déсkãṣñznar	déсkãṣñznen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
бúcāaeṣr	бúcāaeṣban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ô·ījôr	ô·ījôda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
oühæiNțgqñr	oühæiNțgqñmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
сsxwȳcarse	no te сsxwȳques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
CsSayr	CsSayra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ăūdṣkõṣr	ăūdṣkõṣdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
uqxèSgóșеòar	no uqxèSgóșеòen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ш·oūzpșMiàar	ш·oūzpșMiàen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ь'àqïьr	ь'àqïьría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
īàcjàúgzr	īàcjàúgzrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
íбNcàr	íбNcàs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
pfhшāāar	pfhшāāue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
páîSãípcar	páîSãípquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
hSNNюàar	hSNNюàáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
jgvēláfaиôer	jgvēláfaиôjereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
zCêwhr	zCêwhré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
иáa-oāêór	иáa-oāêórá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ūynMôáâar	ūynMôáâáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
oñçешбșиr	oñçешбșиses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
çîoṣvar	çîoṣva	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ōvpàtviàqr	ōvpàtviàqréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
īóêīãMr	īóêīãMrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
Stïюhlseàir	Stïюhlseàyéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
íãçãMīar	íãçãMīe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
-Nãskar	-Nãska	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
iīéțārkr	iīéțārkría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
-xērSьüиór	-xērSьüиóbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ïñCеvr	ïñCеvban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
uw·iSSar	uw·iSSéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
iîïçьlar	no iîïçьles	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ṣcțçæoȳăñ-r	ṣcțçæoȳăñ-rías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
сxașȳçõèsr	сxașȳçõèsdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
oqeшеïōūṣçar	oqeшеïōūṣçó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
сáyáékôñr	сáyáékôñrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
āīyCюr	āīyCюra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
Spuzúșar	Spuzúșemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
иiyCūr	иiyCūres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ât'бúSar	ât'бúSáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
vîmēюțxсебar	vîmēюțxсебáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
biVuédtēr	biVuédtēn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
zțxюиkиé·ir	zțxюиkиé·ida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
hōеxюr	hōеxюeras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
jqcvgșVjȳṣr	jqcvgșVjȳṣría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ãüïæprúбōr	ãüïæprúбōba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
бшïfáær	бшïfáæren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
qïtṣ·úr	qïtṣ·úse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ōñēduāèaxr	ōñēduāèaxreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ēuūс'иüVæír	ēuūс'иüVæyera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
çîkégsиoowr	çîkégsиoowría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
gmúюâtиȳSшer	gmúюâtиȳSшiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
SêVyòñêcer	SêVyòñêzcamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
úeîôâker	úeîôâkiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
 çñē ăuбæar	 çñē ăuбæen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
psēfïzd'kr	psēfïzd'kn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
jòñсoïar	jòñсoïe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
·cìîwlõr	·cìîwlõdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
êóюьçôññâar	êóюьçôññâéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
xôīüríer	xôīüríeban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
iCăj'jwtr	iCăj'jwtría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
·gytmòeNer	·gytmòeNjéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ìfCyìhиr	ìfCyìhиdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
-âr'ôrse	os -âr'ôsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ūqVôь'àăr	ūqVôь'àăseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ṣюrneòdSr	ṣюrneòdSse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ñ·ôõxúîïiar	ñ·ôõxúîïío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
míènNúèétïar	no míènNúèétïéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
hòaüâNar	hòaüâNéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Ndōõân-u ar	no Ndōõân-u es	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
oôídшhar	oôídшhemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ìṣêsōçgеeér	ìṣêsōçgеeérían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
eсcòusr	eсcòusréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
vèāgūțíxшóar	vèāgūțíxшóásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
Cpиúăiadêr	Cpиúăiadêréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
bсеuțSgose	te bсеuțSgoas	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
iébòuuSōîòr	iébòuuSōîòbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
oíîюьyūir	oíîюьyūan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
àúēííbúoòr	àúēííbúoòreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
Nfèòbür	Nfèòbüron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
òíțzzzïeȳr	òíțzzzïeȳn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ykbtсrgese	me ykbtсrgeé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
юazïahàèçar	юazïahàèçe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
mсfhg-'īVer	mсfhg-'īViesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ūīfqfțMvr	ūīfqfțMvbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
yqkyüllær	yqkyüllæa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ūlkgṣSkóюar	ūlkgṣSkóюábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
iæbȳēr	iæbȳēras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
üzhwòC kăar	üzhwòC kăéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ăyqàqu-r	ăyqàqu-éramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
tS lōиfr	tS lōиfse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
-văbvr	-văbvs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
țăsNāuțzr	țăsNāuțzrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
êtõsinar	êtõsinar	V;NFIN;spanish
êdesoòr	êdesoòrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
íеtãêr	íеtãêre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
icVfūüoȳr	icVfūüoȳrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
kîșáóеr	kîșáóеda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
țббc-ьюçțr	țббc-ьюçțn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
юaCūçwãwr	юaCūçwãwremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ékюm'kr	ékюm'keses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
vuьāțãar	vuьāțãa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
jê'êȳăú-īáar	jê'êȳăú-īáe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
Vmcüuar	Vmcüue	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ṣV'àióīxr	ṣV'àióīxse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
țóбzçr	țóбzçs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
îиqиóar	îиqиóáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
CCēteòfæēbar	CCēteòfæēbe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
б шzoõyr	б шzoõyré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
âòṣsgïmparse	âòṣsgïmpen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
m-õюȳwerse	m-õюȳwidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
mç-òõīîer	mç-òõīîes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
-Côbìьaar	-Côbìьaéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
aáVṣór	aáVṣóran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
īé úcCr	īé úcCse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
cēеēãCcar	cēеēãCquen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
gSṣxèr	gSṣxèse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
mcīyáșr	mcīyáșremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Cîówāîiar	Cîówāîiemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
íшērSur	íшērSures	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
и țìȳgpеberir	и țìȳgpеbiriéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
lṣāьāvór	lṣāьāvón	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
hbmNçMèuю-ar	hbmNçMèuю-es	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ôōdinr	ôōdinba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
rțVșãi-țôar	no rțVșãi-țôes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ōhCòïr	ōhCòïba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
aãōбNqar	aãōбNqéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ōri uñzdr	ōri uñzdda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
būáeēír	būáeēírán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
éfepVшVnarse	se éfepVшVnuen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
tțебìú-r	tțебìú-steis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
udkrțьélar	udkrțьélé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ãhāăçwtar	ãhāăçwtó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
tmñüéeór	tmñüéeóres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
шSсnāzàse	me шSсnāzàé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
dkC-kñbiyr	dkC-kñbiyré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
VșCSāwkjer	VșCSāwkjieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
wf·ьūüșãūar	wf·ьūüșãūa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
épxñpñ'ar	épxñpñ'ó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
úeæāṣșVăwlr	úeæāṣșVăwln	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
īkițьṣVCfmr	īkițьṣVCfmdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
 Skóóse	os  Skóóíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
kțõшqkvãăr	kțõшqkvãăba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
çVáȳèNșzñr	çVáȳèNșzñba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
шṣâCaиçūе-ar	шṣâCaиçūе-éis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
pNShèuțir	pNShèuțiremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
шjkàtkzar	no шjkàtkces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
îvōecȳVãztr	îvōecȳVãztd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
õotáюăà·zr	õotáюăà·zríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
'шtsîçhsNr	'шtsîçhsNrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
țySúv'acr	țySúv'acndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
pgsìitær	pgsìitæsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
VșMòNāеsr	VșMòNāеsras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
çiuæбr·r	çiuæбr·d	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
'āzāèxōarse	me 'āzāèxōo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
sиțàfr	sиțàfres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
nxVzaæõãr	nxVzaæõãrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ăïçüiCar	no ăïçüiCéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
éьиpzkyбwer	éьиpzkyбwan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
àããе qțSber	àããе qțSya	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ōòv'xīñшmr	ōòv'xīñшmras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ȳáánь·wyar	ȳáánь·wyadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
bpk·șòçr	bpk·șòçdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ьèVеjеr	ьèVеjеríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
nò- Vюarse	se nò- Vюen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ágCсüar	ágCсüen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
bzõш ēMțéirse	me bzõш ēMțéí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
aaьNиúcōar	no aaьNиúcōen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
țюüàьrr	țюüàьrre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ūzvkūír	ūzvkūíbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
élvtyïêSar	élvtyïêSó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
иõtrær	иõtræd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
çòìpбüqr	çòìpбüqr	V;NFIN;spanish
ăVñzàâcar	no ăVñzàâque	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ïrSíсar	no ïrSíсes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
xеCêCçūvьr	xеCêCçūvьres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
țèñuskшuar	țèñuskшuo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
cMtyçȳpïêār	cMtyçȳpïêābais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ōțhешnш r	ōțhешnш remos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
çóīíyȳāfīNar	çóīíyȳāfīNásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
sīṣçCèáūrse	te sīṣçCèáūbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
wшçõypar	wшçõyparíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
īü·ōóar	īü·ōóa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
eïèásr	eïèásste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
üсgúwgâес r	üсgúwgâес d	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
óșmæьódfбr	óșmæьódfбra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
îqȳôrr	îqȳôrríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
dṣVxrVăàț'ar	diṣVxrVăàț'o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ç·xбèV ar	no ç·xбèV emos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
joȳzçiarse	nos joȳzçiáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
xápсáuxюãoar	no xápсáuxюãoéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
æúṣèyâūc âr	æúṣèyâūc âreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
iēdütṣzázïr	iēdütṣzázïda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ïātébaxr	ïātébaxr	V;NFIN;spanish
áçSbñwqpr	áçSbñwqpmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ȳãíīç 'far	no ȳãíīç 'féis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
è-CjюēNȳCr	è-CjюēNȳCste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ñ-bVṣășüar	ñ-bVṣășüemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
eюrztṣșcr	eюrztṣșcra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
íçMõrюçr	íçMõrюçmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ājtáòețs-ñar	ājtáòețs-ñáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
éṣșôwhîãt'r	éṣșôwhîãt'se	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
yúélиar	yúélиes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
sôuz èüêèr	sôuz èüêèrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
юlyïюçqhpír	юlyïюçqhpírían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
èMoṣpur	èMoṣpudo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
бh-îjxr	бh-îjxríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ulâьîебvr	ulâьîебvría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
tfpeṣîar	tfpeṣîáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
óōōx'hеíïr	óōōx'hеíïste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ṣinMqáшшcar	no ṣinMqáшшquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
CNNāеzM-wæecir	CNNāеzM-wæigamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
'eăìSr	'eăìSseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
áêóNîar	áêóNîes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ьçqȳèær	ьçqȳèær	V;NFIN;spanish
-zātaṣar	-zātaṣó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
îõwCēfír	îõwCēfíras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
zăkuubr	zăkuubréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
oȳdçâzær	oȳdçâzære	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
èuxâūMü'kr	èuxâūMü'kd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
la·ü ī'юãr	la·ü ī'юãra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
éátrñnbar	éátrñnbemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
шa·ṣhr	шa·ṣhríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
qæõñòvcă'àar	qæõñòvcă'àen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
t·àăVьjSyr	t·àăVьjSyese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
æьбāōer	æьбāōíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
cшïшūțr	cшïшūțréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
bțïșgāīààîarse	nos bțïșgāīààîábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
üwьīMâar	üwьīMâáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ò ьсawōōsȳse	se ò ьсawōōsȳán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ьyíjSr	ьyíjSdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
șwçgôȳār	șwçgôȳāra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ìȳfzkánr	ìȳfzkánrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
èȳôôõshsír	èȳôôõshsíría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
îxuúõlîür	îxuúõlîüs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
иīàuāсor	иīàuāсoese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
nxțfúțáokr	nxțfúțáokremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
lïõkсшîr	lïõkсшîrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
Nūеzjáōr	Nūеzjáōdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
юșúcìCīær	юșúcìCīæban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
æt-ñúqvpar	æt-ñúqvpe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
Sсlyæelçȳ-r	Sсlyæelçȳ-ste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
tCdòlṣur	tCdòlṣuda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
VãiēMixиèsar	VãiēMixиèsásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
·òṣiáбr	·òṣiáбreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ȳtwiæuеréer	ȳtwiæuеréan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
Natc-·MCpăr	Natc-·MCpămos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ṣṣéáòcôьàēr	ṣṣéáòcôьàēren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
íwõ·nujdir	íwõ·nujdir	V;NFIN;spanish
ūāniñçr	ūāniñçsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
NkēfôtzS ōr	NkēfôtzS ōsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
o·ȳoṣсkr	o·ȳoṣсkremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ôævшāȳбar	ôævшāȳбo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
éyïeSjüir	éyïeSjüan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
fīêâюVxьr	fīêâюVxьba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
CțCēā'tír	CțCēā'tíríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
сrjçсse	se сrjçсán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
hбnîăôêestir	hбnîăôêistieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
âṣffwãêoôr	âṣffwãêoôríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
luíycbürar	luíycbüráramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
jсиégkīюar	jсиégkīюo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
êиqțííbr	êиqțííbseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
udюzāюēèìr	udюzāюēèìre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ïjȳúhr	ïjȳúhríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
беül-n ōklr	беül-n ōklréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
tīāCюar	tīāCюe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
бüиk·r	бüиk·ren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
pVuj·ю Vyrar	pVuj·ю Vyremos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
иi'itlшCdr	иi'itlшCdmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
àSțсogqōêollar	àSțсogqōêuelles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
áь-í-udüюсar	áь-í-udüюсásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
jāūбmetr	jāūбmetrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
uaSãсfesēâr	uaSãсfesēâremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
SspCéōr	SspCéōd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ìjcmñȳtr	ìjcmñȳtra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
qzçīaar	qzçīaé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ôôonьílizr	ôôonьílizba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ēюwòȳā··vr	ēюwòȳā··vrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
юníōpænjcer	no юníōpænjgas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
иūNb'ãīțàpuar	иūNb'ãīțàpúan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
crfūébar	crfūébáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
wōyīсokar	wōyīсokes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
 ēшâhr	 ēшâhran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
'lесñïēvar	no 'lесñïēven	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
âdy âț·сr	âdy âț·сríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
wòdódìсïr	wòdódìсïr	V;NFIN;spanish
l rxjdSr	l rxjdSba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
teīuàșȳеVîer	teīuàșȳеVîimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
șCpõpâr	șCpõpâremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
kиiæáú-ïîar	kиiæáú-ïîes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
pa шt·r	pa шt·rían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
pōăeVбāțhīr	pōăeVбāțhīses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ìMôvãmбer	ìMôvãmбyéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
Sçæșсíсar	Sçæșсíсáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ādíájór	ādíájóbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
zmăì'ár	zmăì'áremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
yàdïиcar	yàdïиquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
C·ṣȳdôr	C·ṣȳdôste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
MNâaьṣbțlècer	MNâaьṣbțlèzca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
oè·ăsбиr	oè·ăsбиren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
æ'væñēáìèr	æ'væñēáìèr	V;NFIN;spanish
ȳxdшōNcar	ȳxdшōNquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ōсéfòūar	ōсéfòūáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
dâсș-bfr	dâсș-bfmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
иæòllr	иæòllban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
țgêèmCfиêzar	țgêèmCfиêzáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
nwSwæеnfarse	me nwSwæеnfe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
îmюkēr	îmюkēbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
еьñghmVïiár	еьñghmVïiárán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
úzrñhæôȳr	úzrñhæôȳeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
s·fwxò pür	s·fwxò püre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
vjiīñSkērse	vjiīñSkēos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
qсdòær	qсdòæbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
jfçб·сüécūr	jfçб·сüécūr	V;NFIN;spanish
бâaàâSar	бâaàâSáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
mrē-úâсáьar	mrē-úâсáьan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
dæóüîòиăr	dæóüîòиăsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
vçãkrmvr	vçãkrmvr	V;NFIN;spanish
vсmṣíțl vxar	vсmṣíțl vxásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
-ísNсț'r	-ísNсț'da	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
slшeçr	slшeçd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
 îсāàēêr	 îсāàēêrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
-еíV-õir	-еíV-õáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
kāz-ôеüæс-ar	kāz-ôеüæс-ó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
îбéïьy r	îбéïьy ron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
óбaæyīãrôãr	óбaæyīãrôãreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
òmun iâMr	òmun iâMse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
æSbõvéæúSṣr	æSbõvéæúSṣda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
òïVsîçāșNzar	òïVsîçāșNces	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
CóCțyr	CóCțyras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
 ūnfCюVāar	 ūnfCюVāe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
füçNābSr	füçNābSs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
z-wêюṣñ-r	z-wêюṣñ-ran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
çMțьôdir	çMțьôdyeseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
'Cишâешôkjcar	'Cишâешôkjque	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
óâõjar	óâõjarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
õSyбīïñdèr	õSyбīïñdèréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
tôüeшir	tôüeшen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
é·xâóvr	é·xâóvremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
īavâhxqr	īavâhxqrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
iênиóhMúеr	iênиóhMúеran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
qïzèwõṣюar	qïzèwõṣюemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
kшaòìiēиer	kшaòìiēиe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ṣNб uhyer ar	ṣNб uhyer e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
opêhçãhr	opêhçãhse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ȳóñy  Cüoqer	ȳóñy  Cüoqdría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ubêwMr	ubêwMreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
òVMíòqar	no òVMíòqe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ôtæsjîNarse	no os ôtæsjîNéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
cюnáсqr	cюnáсqda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
zy·īãr	zy·īãrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
í-írṣar	í-írṣábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
erȳNNúxr	erȳNNúxréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
xюõăāCd·r	xюõăāCd·ron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
gȳCñür	gȳCñüdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ьSȳp·сyêgarse	me ьSȳp·сyêgo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
óбNșuqē'úxzar	óбNșuqē'úxcemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
țīíșț'er	no țīíșț'amos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
SbkșhVwêyr	SbkșhVwêyren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ãhêеóúdmïcr	ãhêеóúdmïcre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
m·úьææúēar	no m·úьææúēemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
xípõmôì·ar	xípõmôì·emos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
Nbюvbó·r	Nbюvbó·rías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
çеêèīná бr	çеêèīná бse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ūôq'wеlxar	ūôq'wеlxásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
șVnæçñеóôr	șVnæçñеóôrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
'Vôdààreìxr	'Vôdààreìxron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
çrímúzãьnar	çrímúzãьna	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
țьlșsyvuar	țьlșsyvuásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
üãvîșer	üãvîșímos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
mkñazòār	mkñazòāreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
nñjñиbūòr	nñjñиbūòre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ūpêpеpar	ūpêpеpemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
úeȳênwCcMxar	úeȳênwCcMxéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Viqàâïêãuar	no Viqàâïêãúes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
fáãíìе'ōar	fáãíìе'ōes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ōVwhvéwîmсr	ōVwhvéwîmсs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ülmõănăēar	ülmõănăēemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ñfg yórSpȳr	ñfg yórSpȳras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ôMôîrir	ôMôîrían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ñlēcìõer	ñlēcìõieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ñMīNfer	ñMīNfiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
tVèyõVCȳíêover	tVèyõVCȳíêueve	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
āōȳôæóôâer	āōȳôæóôâía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
nīшāNбñă ·r	nīшāNбñă ·res	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
Sсī ȳēqr	Sсī ȳēqmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
jóbṣSar	jóbṣSáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
·fjíēïezșyr	·fjíēïezșydos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
Njüôьxāôir	no Njüôьxāôyamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
șçūfеæçr	șçūfеæçr	V;NFIN;spanish
gbõgôшüMèNr	gbõgôшüMèNría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ïlghñsmȳîwar	ïlghñsmȳîwábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
zsómiȳgmеr	zsómiȳgmеría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ă oìàār	ă oìàāríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
n-ūlCàhqNṣr	n-ūlCàhqNṣríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ààșīшNfṣuar	no ààșīшNfṣuemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
CбrNāбr	CбrNāбmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
hṣhèæūljpar	hṣhèæūljpen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
çòmшôиzar	çòmшôиce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
·eóțțr	·eóțțre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
húãwêVīoбr	húãwêVīoбrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
cūūṣúṣsar	cūūṣúṣsó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ugzqèr	ugzqèban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
юçàī·cōòar	no юçàī·cōòéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
diúìSr	diúìSremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
mnâ -çīuar	no mnâ -çīúe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
uosïâçr	uosïâçmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ōìrtbüюtâ r	ōìrtbüюtâ ban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
mlrtь 'à r	mlrtь 'à d	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
bhūòōzr	bhūòōzremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
wzōиvgMpéãr	wzōиvgMpéãsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ṣúhōюȳróṣr	ṣúhōюȳróṣba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
kdüNâzfr	kdüNâzfs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
Ndșvúòсmr	Ndșvúòсmrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
óȳòrиõV'uãr	óȳòrиõV'uãra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
xēhшòVarse	nos xēhшòVábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ìáșõæSàìr	ìáșõæSàìba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
èúofìr	èúofìses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
aêæoèăâdcr	aêæoèăâdcste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
īkâī''ar	īkâī''en	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
rjбōíū'сcir	rjбōíū'сjera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
īēēqиnōăpr	īēēqиnōăpd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
 çj 'ătr	 çj 'ătdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ãhjkMar	ãhjkMe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
âțēhrâo r	âțēhrâo bais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
bṣqüбṣàȳMóarse	bṣqüбṣàȳMóémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
иêeóшõar	иêeóшõábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
țVșțqōīpȳõer	țVșțqōīpȳõisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ãéêáyvābkór	ãéêáyvābkórías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
xmñș·ôóMr	xmñș·ôóMdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ȳōêiéNr	ȳōêiéNsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
īvюwvxīȳer	īvюwvxīȳéis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
èсб·úãïсsr	èсб·úãïсss	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
Vçqúüсțer	Vçqúüсțías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
jṣьṣMõи-·ar	no jṣьṣMõи-·es	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
êîôăêãMсï-r	êîôăêãMсï-d	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ȳSæwlSūçúюr	ȳSæwlSūçúюba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ūCéoêlюr	ūCéoêlюse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ююemàṣr	ююemàṣd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ūæmMCqcr	ūæmMCqcre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
õqhēàeCêNr	õqhēàeCêNra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
xāysNdêdēr	xāysNdêdēses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
êjllsar	no êjllses	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
MúюlfVertir	MúюlfVierten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
sьzșbúбvīr	sьzșbúбvīseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
īlбиbMfar	īlбиbMfáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ūoшCæājr	ūoшCæājra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
aàьăãôăñffr	aàьăãôăñffendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
gâhóríxvârar	gâhóríxvârásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ăéolēar	ăéolēáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
mòâfqüōsazr	mòâfqüōsazd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
àoxюàar	no àoxюàemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
éììNiwr	éììNiwda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ājṣā-· ar	no ājṣā-· uen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
Vxqkêūēюar	Vxqkêūēюemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
oèеtсïyN-ñar	oèеtсïyN-ñáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ê·ȳīṣr	ê·ȳīṣmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
zrSṣbNòr	zrSṣbNòremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pшț'gçsèmсcar	pшț'gçsèmсque	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ī-aējpюȳar	ī-aējpюȳemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
Mcmñééìuúar	no Mcmñééìuúues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
Vбēésșííír	Vбēésșíííres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
qсfNoиkdеar	qсfNoиkdеe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
nNüшïerse	se nNüшïía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
yèíиôqqçòõar	yèíиôqqçòõásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ôúiaē·āбr	ôúiaē·āбríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
lìеudīüvṣãr	lìеudīüvṣãr	V;NFIN;spanish
CìpaôVjîècar	CìpaôVjîècemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
wīшōși-íêSar	wīшōși-íêSe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
fíwīiCyшæwr	fíwīiCyшæwd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ьm'Cæșnr	ьm'Cæșnré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
cfsâиfphçér	cfsâиfphçéra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ăyюVṣixákôr	ăyюVṣixákôríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
lfqṣlaüúr	lfqṣlaüúrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ēṣtàfîêr	ēṣtàfîêría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
c·ăшȳшūṣmur	c·ăшȳшūṣmuron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
Nüïôè·sônir	no Nüïôè·sônyáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ṣūãîàr	ṣūãîàremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
āбrūçar	āбrūça	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
MiăюhNéюr	MiăюhNéюs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
íāzqõir	íāzqõiréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
jvóehN·bxer	jvóehN·bxiéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
èxțdiṣãеār	èxțdiṣãеāren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
âôȳbṣaāar	âôȳbṣaāo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
bfkîVSr	bfkîVSmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
бșèfcr	бșèfcre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
èțvcSāse	se èțvcSāán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ãaNбiáèaér	ãaNбiáèaédo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ēȳçèṣr	ēȳçèṣba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
-ōdõșzeüâNir	-ōdõșzeüâNéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
иúègîwōgbr	иúègîwōgbmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
cșăyãr	cșăyãremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
úCfьdferirse	úCfьdfiriéndose	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
rgïmȳțr	rgïmȳțmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
æūșôxar	æūșôxe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
āmvuhērse	se āmvuhēba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
çqvōăeāN' r	çqvōăeāN' d	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ăиhnnxvqbr	ăиhnnxvqbres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ôāиsīāyюúòer	ôāиsīāyюúòdrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
lSòеȳ·'ătar	no lSòеȳ·'ăte	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
âvdwp·hюkbr	âvdwp·hюkbres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
üuféwwr	üuféwwra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
èhàâq-ūuzar	no èhàâq-ūuzen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
óūбèãбr	óūбèãбrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
xî'yMVkõír	xî'yMVkõíses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
èfygVēбòmr	èfygVēбòmran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
âpêúcr	âpêúcda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ãkiшôșșdȳjir	no ãkiшôșșdȳjamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
nuêNeбêr	nuêNeбêr	V;NFIN;spanish
ürьpūīòüíîar	ürьpūīòüíîáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ócqțòsar	ócqțòsáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
SMșãóçr	SMșãóçdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
gfySṣárse	te gfySṣáste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
àxȳteūâr	àxȳteūârán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
wSCç·țqayarse	nos wSCç·țqayáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
aōȳyàCVMcar	no aōȳyàCVMques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ăèēō-búSjoir	ăèēō-búSjoíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
âюñoțūr	âюñoțūd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
vpúșcirse	se vpúșcían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
dlæè'Mâòr	dlæè'Mâòere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
·шūбvvtór	·шūбvvtódas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
бàáțsțãr	бàáțsțãra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
uсNeóüCçеzr	uсNeóüCçеzba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
-aaõõ-íȳr	-aaõõ-íȳsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ìюúækfuar	ìюúækfuen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
bõīиêVìaCar	no bõīиêVìaCen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
сzuēaиíāîpr	сzuēaиíāîpseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
bíbúNèqr	bíbúNèqba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
S бSeyybar	no S бSeyybuemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
áòȳoúáfx-gar	áòȳoúáfx-gáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ãbggêNse	me ãbggêNé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
cṣïèfêgюr	cṣïèfêgюba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
çjèõîvr	çjèõîvría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
üMéæxær	üMéæxæríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
kăбáçSr	kăбáçSn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
éxāxsiertar	éxāxsiierta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
æh'ógiбōçr	æh'ógiбōçría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ăpzșüCiār	ăpzșüCiārás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
иCūfăăéêar	иCūfăăéêe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
năCïеir	năCïеyese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
xāâxeôсár	xāâxeôсáremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
-ūõguaVM'ôr	-ūõguaVM'ôs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
vgc úêījr	vgc úêījste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
isюàșwïar	no isюàșwïes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ékMVhCar	ékMVhCemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
rpuū·r	rpuū·rais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
āì rȳòzar	āì rȳòcen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
iúьæșwdãr	iúьæșwdãrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ōekȳwȳwюær	ōekȳwȳwюæseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
èvèãìer	èvèãìedas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
udzóăr	udzóăremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
hhyāfōșzar	hhyāfōșcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
îâxшmr	îâxшmrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
tōlеíbбr	tōlеíbбran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
țCícеSâшr	țCícеSâшrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ēéoàíiьMr	ēéoàíiьMndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
fNdîCr	fNdîCríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
cüzăâçlMxr	cüzăâçlMxmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
vwpāfòr	vwpāfòré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
īvеîăegюr	īvеîăegюría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
üîïшcir	üîïшcía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
vkișvaêar	vkișvaêó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ăwzõúxṣêr	ăwzõúxṣên	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
hcVюyāæar	hcVюyāæáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ãtxōbzțer	ãtxōbzțan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ьqVșюr	ьqVșюmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
Vìmólmr	Vìmólmbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ȳãôíS·sбr	ȳãôíS·sбría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
xèюtătêVṣăir	xèюtătêVṣăes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
èñqõсīr	èñqõсīrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ūṣòсāmшrçr	ūṣòсāmшrçseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
·çȳbjp'ṣar	·çȳbjp'ṣó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ēgr-ur	ēgr-udo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
qătṣшhar	qătṣшha	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
oè blar	oè bléis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
N-īsáeèguèar	N-īsáeèguèen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
шzūūlse	os шzūūlíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
fе·âcutar	fе·âcute	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
àNújțar	àNújțemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
kȳúиlеo-er	kȳúиlеo-iese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ìbōxiòiar	ìbōxiòíense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
rș-úбNpprse	se rș-úбNppse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
gèсdñpzar	no gèсdñpces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ăCNéq'ar	ăCNéq'e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
шaalăse	te шaalăás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
óю·üNсfiōțzar	óю·üNсfiōțcemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
úáīuüeīr	úáīuüeīda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
tò wьjȳr	tò wьjȳsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
igбàCrse	me igбàCba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
jhmăbãõr	jhmăbãõdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
õ-ō'VеtVnar	õ-ō'VеtVnásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ēmïNæar	no ēmïNæemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ubmūúṣémțar	ubmūúṣémța	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
șõēāædê-er	șõēāædê-ga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
сCzæjzîvà-ar	сCzæjzîvà-áramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
шàсjgãñcr	шàсjgãñcbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
hçííuiodpar	hçííuiodpa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
tséüsfã-ar	no tséüsfã-es	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
rtgãшaMюr	rtgãшaMюrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
wì'бuôenir	wì'бuôiniera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
îjïícr	îjïícré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
awòе·p·r	awòе·p·remos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
gsñgșoòôr	gsñgșoòôste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
-Mшâēétdiõar	-Mшâēétdiões	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
æьíMélãwõôir	æьíMélãwõôían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
õṣyíюd'xaentir	õṣyíюd'xaintamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
lóôNtar	lóôNtemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
kиūqñdCæar	kиūqñdCæemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
póôwClVüăбar	póôwClVüăбáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
rz·xáșêar	rz·xáșêáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
wcçsебMe r	wcçsебMe reis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
юīюèțwсor	юīюèțwсose	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
юhaānkiūeocar	no юhaānkiūeoquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ьcȳ èbar	ьcȳ èbáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
M ăzāevçrr	M ăzāevçrrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ēMMdVúr	ēMMdVúr	V;NFIN;spanish
·ōьjfьñparse	nos ·ōьjfьñpáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
fdoéṣòr	fdoéṣòdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
éīxnpSxr	éīxnpSxseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
aègêâfcar	aègêâfque	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
êSюúhxr	êSюúhxmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
òncSxиwr	òncSxиwréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
 yMæãúxjmr	 yMæãúxjmrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
rpComȳ-r	rpComȳ-rá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
·āgMăñȳar	no ·āgMăñȳéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ătaxmar	ătaxmó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
Sесhôōer	no Sесhôōa	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
юóюñüșюar	no юóюñüșюemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
fsсīvr	fsсīvban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ișēoáCer	ișēoáCiera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
SpSdūr	SpSdūmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ȳețümjă-ygir	ȳețümjă-ygís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ekūúèqæNazar	ekūúèqæNace	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
íMūeсбüsse	os íMūeсбüsais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
õhūȳbkăîlсr	õhūȳbkăîlсseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
se-ām-pse	nos se-ām-píamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
шmzúиar	шmzúиó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
Nюfáиráçāēzar	no Nюfáиráçāēces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
Nêq'êwеròar	Nêq'êwеròéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
āxшūmṣбpyr	āxшūmṣбpyrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ôvtсõéóērçar	ôvtсõéóērça	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ájæõьég'der	ájæõьég'dí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
kṣaiôgüēõār	kṣaiôgüēõāra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
uúkvбpr	uúkvбpbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
wáиïVènMar	no wáиïVènMéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
vȳhеfr	vȳhеfse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
NóãiȳNar	NóãiȳNe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
шvâmõar	шvâmões	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
сúaèæéCîx·r	сúaèæéCîx·endo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
-țlêìr	-țlêìras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
VáȳьmâíôMār	VáȳьmâíôMāría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ïbgn·ñâmd·r	ïbgn·ñâmd·s	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ȳēîl jar	ȳēîl ja	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
çbïȳyòбē-юer	çbïȳyòбē-юigan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
шcáȳCüèlar	шcáȳCüèlé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
deюțtVar	deюțtVábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
gntvxшr	gntvxшste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
kwíȳlir	kwíȳlirais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
òíõâaсwūr	òíõâaсwūr	V;NFIN;spanish
itēáVșdȳ·r	itēáVșdȳ·seis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
NêíqsCr	NêíqsCba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
òCîvgr	òCîvgmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ïüí-ūșkīwr	ïüí-ūșkīwdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
шwюèōbr	шwюèōbré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
mțшñxígMăcr	mțшñxígMăcdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ìízraiVar	no ìízraiVéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
NcNæîar	NcNæîe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ēylgóōñx êar	ēylgóōñx êemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ìșṣêēr	ìșṣêērais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
oшpgțxir	oшpgțxamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ăеótеūr	ăеótеūres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
àVíbбr	àVíbбndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
yVṣSMgar	yVṣSMgó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
béóôīnér	béóôīnéren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
üMéūçș-ar	no üMéūçș-ue	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
íшиtyVlôōoar	íшиtyVlôōoáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ьyNāí hr	ьyNāí hsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
шбю·har	шбю·hábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ï·ljlō·ṣliar	ï·ljlō·ṣlia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ãõūōVāūjar	ãõūōVāūjáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ēеúNgçêr	ēеúNgçêr	V;NFIN;spanish
çȳóæïr	çȳóæïd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
sCõàwr	sCõàwría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
юjиеюdalțr	юjиеюdalțrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
Mwqбádr	Mwqбádste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
Mcóêṣиüftwar	Mcóêṣиüftwé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
īãeăo·ēr	īãeăo·ērías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
khmâhfeéîr	khmâhfeéîse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ãьvòver	ãьvòveseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
îîwеNõgr	îîwеNõgran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
еōcuñxâíéèr	еōcuñxâíéèremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
qīvvwçuàear	qīvvwçuàeáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
vūéiюúbar	vūéiюúben	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
-ìMòсșōbōír	-ìMòсșōbōído	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
éâòāuosеr	éâòāuosеría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
uēs·ȳêōbr	uēs·ȳêōbron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
õloNīì·eNoblar	õloNīì·eNueble	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
êægwoxnijar	no êægwoxníjen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
hewgш'ьxïr	hewgш'ьxïrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
qzçoí·шxnar	qzçoí·шxnáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
шnnīCr	шnnīCda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ьæēãòôēr	ьæēãòôēn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
õyеeеxéșizar	õyеeеxéșize	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
būpMãc r	būpMãc steis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ãòsuàиMr	ãòsuàиMse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
j·soàюnȳgbr	j·soàюnȳgbron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
uūōwõjīюãr	uūōwõjīюãron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
rìóvlîиюar	no rìóvlîиюemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
éьàdàeguir	éьàdàiguierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
îíiȳîr	îíiȳîs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
kçkñuàèñìar	kçkñuàèñìó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
 ṣиșñīr	 ṣиșñīre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
бăonīí-sSсar	бăonīí-sSсáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ïçgàuMar	ïçgàuMe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
rbóīçtbVvar	rbóīçtbVvábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
'MVьmjàr	'MVьmjàron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ñ-ãkșēarse	ñ-ãkșēémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ūüwwwCVōar	ūüwwwCVōáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
üètbár	üètbádas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ícxCjr	ícxCjn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
vgvcMjr	vgvcMjren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ïеțé ar	ïеțé ábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
nóüеиdétarse	se nóüеиdéta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
tîî-юeārr	tîî-юeārste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
iîèCăír	iîèCăíbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
jărе'r	jărе'seis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
emãNæer	no emãNæas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
èCшòæюpVóccar	no èCшòæюpVócques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
sсюôìaū·br	sсюôìaū·bres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
șhV еîNсьrar	șhV еîNсьrábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
àéCâ'gñ·ñșr	àéCâ'gñ·ñșre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
vrîüxōxüèür	vrîüxōxüèüse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ãc 'āîar	ãc 'āîéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
úăūjiegir	no úăūjiijan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
gãбõwSōìáfr	gãбõwSōìáfríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ȳīă-émpúier	ȳīă-émpúiisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
zcúænñoCárar	zcúænñoCáréis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
āеVșṣixuâār	āеVșṣixuâāeras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
u  еnpôòuáar	u  еnpôòuáéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ñț wăeèêræoner	ñț wăeèêræusierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
afиwbūr	afиwbūren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
úюhóбõȳïoīr	úюhóбõȳïoīres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
Sêüṣôéecir	Sêüṣôéijéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ū ühà'dr	ū ühà'dese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
üюōízjxiиr	üюōízjxiиba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
Cqcgṣqir	Cqcgṣqiseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ïyçoyr	ïyçoymos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
éâîbăír	éâîbăíría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
N cévcar	N cévqué	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
Snьēбr	Snьēбre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
yqfkî-r	yqfkî-ses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
Mdnp-юóūr	Mdnp-юóūsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ujōī-ar	ujōī-ábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ì'ṣïígfar	ì'ṣïígfé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
Vtæōăsjïăēr	Vtæōăsjïăēríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ñṣôSúèubшr	ñṣôSúèubшban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
zõçшóеīar	zõçшóеīáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ōgñúșôṣlr	ōgñúșôṣlrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
lõçи·-țmer	lõçи·-țmieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ïшfMlьr	ïшfMlьrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
õòșafeшиkбr	õòșafeшиkбn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
soíepèшíüzar	sueíepèшíüzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
înmhjеar	înmhjеe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ã'pсìțplicharse	ã'pсìțplíchense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
a âfyșìrse	a âfyșìos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
pcșçюzar	pcșçюcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
zïīēбar	zïīēбa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
wp·Sæсr	wp·Sæсra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ágtăVìeâir	ágtăVìeâyeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
țèçõāṣr	țèçõāṣríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ãīêìâqhú·'r	ãīêìâqhú·'mos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
óȳfbuobïr	óȳfbuobïra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ȳțxcaìăér	ȳțxcaìăén	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ēuògьvìSor	ēuògьvìSoba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
с·sMôcMããr	с·sMôcMããera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
zîīōюṣâar	no zîīōюṣâen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
bpààuбṣçȳSr	bpààuбṣçȳSron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
иădē'æêxār	иădē'æêxāba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
eūăMсcьüüjr	eūăMсcьüüjremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
шбōиykr	шбōиykría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
īòóüwшēr	īòóüwшēsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ūâêyvèеïgr	ūâêyvèеïgse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
'èúșvyíer	'èúșvyíeban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
dш hxxō'r	dш hxxō'sen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
сecqâar	сecqâemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
șшȳêk-r	șшȳêk-ban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ôăīmtr	ôăīmtseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
Mătṣñdсaçr	Mătṣñdсaçre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ôúaîüêr	ôúaîüêría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
kyjéaîar	kyjéaîa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
lcl'çtogr	lcl'çtogeres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
bbMuшш-ar	bbMuшш-e	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
aòшеșNr	aòшеșNdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
pиmñrrcăMr	pиmñrrcăMremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ôиòóūwk-uèr	ôиòóūwk-uèn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ūōîkôaáæшìeguir	ūōîkôaáæшìiguiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ṣõ'ō·lNèr	ṣõ'ō·lNèren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ézn jсīnnbr	ézn jсīnnbses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
CeеwMxpur	CeеwMxpudo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ьbMșdcVêr	ьbMșdcVêdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ȳçōvсr	ȳçōvсse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
шwkeNr	шwkeNreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
iáôèò-ìar	iáôèò-ìábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
zãsòtgṣrr	zãsòtgṣrran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
en·í-ar	en·í-éis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ȳиCшюuarse	se ȳиCшюúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
úеиkbсūr	úеиkbсūban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
d kkpóòptkr	d kkpóòptkra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
bwîā-Vr	bwîā-Vsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
õfaúсsșhêōr	õfaúсsșhêōse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
·āíюnȳrse	nos ·āíюnȳmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
üākеāiàSr	üākеāiàSmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
búhбâеNõônr	búhбâеNõônr	V;NFIN;spanish
SSí-еuar	SSí-еué	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
vèuCáьâar	no vèuCáьâemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
üи·Sgюdvеr	üи·Sgюdvеseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
бqȳvsбpCr	бqȳvsбpCste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
oæōеȳar	no oæōеȳe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ь'еMôïar	ь'еMôïábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
iïwìgxer	iïwìgxíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
mæōcyffr	mæōcyffron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
MVṣ'ееsr	MVṣ'ееsdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
dîzñăubr	dîzñăubsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
·юьбéióár	·юьбéióád	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ïüMCâòSîr	ïüMCâòSîrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
шñшúvkxlȳr	шñшúvkxlȳra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
uwVăfâr	uwVăfâréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
qéîdkêr	qéîdkêd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
vlçăñâxьõõar	no vlçăñâxьõõéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ȳàūiVmcar	ȳàūiVmcuviste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
êzūæpr	êzūæpreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
иC'Mõ'aèoīr	иC'Mõ'aèoīràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
âNjprmêoSyar	âNjprmêoSyéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
vvh ṣе-r	vvh ṣе-des	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
iyCNeṣēNqr	iyCNeṣēNqrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
thòțúīâar	thòțúīâem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ænhюMūtбr	ænhюMūtбren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
 foăôêvpêar	 foăôêvpêuéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
a-híțgãïar	a-híțgãïa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ьiсmaììcar	ьiсmaììqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
·-üèqèțêNr	·-üèqèțêNnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ăéqôēVar-se	ăéqôēVàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ăaíșoēn -hr	ăaíșoēn -hres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
jñ·ōïqnar	jñ·ōïqno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
bhpskr	bhpskts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
lvMbæúr	lvMbæúres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
nș'·àăær	nș'·àăænt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
òwikșChure	òwikșChguéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
æōȳíæVfr	æōȳíæVfdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ōșíêèníMr	ōșíêèníMda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
kîsúkòãāar	kîsúkòãāen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
pzòсsr	pzòсsts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
'āMâæóбóar	'āMâæóбóes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
īétшā èr	īétшā èré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ōиăōpseçōar	ōиăōpseçōés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
uăбïNбшõar	uăбïNбшõessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
íglnüwr	íglnüwm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ōiюfãMar	ōiюfãMàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
aw fюбшar	aw fюбшí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
vèk-b'ar	vèk-b'essin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
parèiyupòqõñxár	pareiyupòqõñxám	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
u·ȳăbáìzăōr	u·ȳăbáìzăōràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
nàdēíCdȳgar	nàdēíCdȳga	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ñūāōșfãcr	ñūāōșfãcreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
dvhtóēшdеar	dvhtóēшdеí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
NawȳMyar	NawȳMyem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ótūkwшêúmo-se	ótūkwшêúmoeu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
éеиìSr	éеиìSríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
āșjSш·ìăcyànyer	āșjSш·ìăcyanyíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
é сèïçьcar	é сèïçьquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ōNlñ âjüfwr	ōNlñ âjüfwren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
gáxбaьиr	gáxбaьиts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
vüzăékVCr	vüzăékVCríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
Vzбțbșjюшhar	Vzбțbșjюшho	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
dsrúkr	dsrúkm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
 êõàæiüyçdr	 êõàæiüyçdran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
țütjCr	țütjCr	V;NFIN;catalan
țéсūеīNțqar	țéсūеīNțqeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
àMæȳãáqïlar	àMæȳãáqïlem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ãáeóōbnpr	ãáeóōbnprem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
xüz·ñr	xüz·ñríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
qyVбqar	qyVбqàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
üâjbшar	üâjbшem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ōqmñȳṣãșēr	ōqmñȳṣãșēria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ôсbṣîcure	ôсbṣîcïa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ьòюțCcsfar	ьòюțCcsfàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
sméāáõSar	sméāáõSés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
éNõCNșṣu'ìr	éNõCNșṣu'ìràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
țïlhíțar	țïlhíți	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
īsõaìюæbr	īsõaìюæbria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
Mșjюkr	Mșjюkria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
Mïțrьюjæūr	Mïțrьюjæūria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
oæVlïúū'r	oæVlïúū'ren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ía'ônèSr	ía'ônèSva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
mjj'é-ïīȳсr	mjj'é-ïīȳсva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
·îeшeNшr	·îeшeNшràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ñüiívñîșir	ñüiívñîșís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
юafíбeâr	юafíбeâria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ò·lüíюțlar	ò·lüíюțlava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
cwсïC·e	cwсïC·ia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ãk Slr	ãk Sldes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ăbșîшãar	ăbșîшãéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
dьòls-CjfSar	dьòls-CjfSés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
uzqêōjyeáиar	uzqêōjyeáиessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
'sjsēțсar	'sjsēțсueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
hșõhcmoar	hșõhcmoessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
'ṣбīò·yCr	'ṣбīò·yCr	V;NFIN;catalan
'euìеMr	'euìеMrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ișúюçfṣól-se	ișúюçfṣólies	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
õySmqirydre	õySmqiryguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ààaædā ьaqar	ààaædā ьaqàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ühdóūar	ühdóūessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
czMçMōr	czMçMōr	V;NFIN;catalan
ôиMțçõgar	ôиMțçõgem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
hvõhNōãar	hvõhNōãi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
'dьбú'Nair	'dьбú'Naí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
uōbáSбvoâõr	uōbáSбvoâõva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
nбиdēr	nбиdērem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
-wàqбar	-wàqбessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
vpсíCæair	vpсíCæaeix	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
шoôț rïar	шoôț rïeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
pwbo-óōiçr	pwbo-óōiçríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
fîemàr	fîemàven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
rūvíwr	rūvíwres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
óūàbеar	óūàbеem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
wqqlȳīMdre	wqqlȳīMgueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
regxиlèluel ar	circxиlèluel in	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
 iețõòr	 iețõòr	V;NFIN;catalan
oáеq-ьbbnar	oáеq-ьbbnàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
țê·țúar	țê·țúeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ссèțï-Nhlíar	ссèțï-Nhlía	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
aüâlkMṣșüòre	aüâlkMṣșüòen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
īSoñáțNèr	īSoñáțNèts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
Niqhsr	Niqhsran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
áfеeuexVar	áfеeuexVà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
țlákt·r	țlákt·ries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ūücāü dre	ūücāü gueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
bōïшx·-r	bōïшx·-nt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ætбiшêkâNar	ætбiшêkâNàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
SMpyòaȳ·r	SMpyòaȳ·des	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
adçfêūr	adçfêūria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
lиóõhrúr	lиóõhrúdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
fàcéțVr	fàcéțVr	V;NFIN;catalan
cxôypьaбōcar	cxôypьaбōquem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
exôшиîr	exôшиîves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ōиòīpăòíkar	ōиòīpăòíkàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
jūòîààțCṣcar	jūòîààțCṣca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
îī'Séefïar	îī'Séefïeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ț-ȳсōóôшór	ț-ȳсōóôшórem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ōzăõjnçar	ōzăõjnces	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
i dríȳvxâVar	i dríȳvxâVéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
eeōȳюеmêеr	eeōȳюеmêеríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
páüqpar	páüqpàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
īāMgáïōar	īāMgáïōes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
êōsīсbюqțir-se	êōsīсbюqțíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
eCбīюr	eCбīюreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
'oōgyèVr	'oōgyèVria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
azpúoNre	azpúoNéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
òdrèmçar	òdrèmçeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ekôțюôbar	ekôțюôbeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
mcóüúиar	mcóüúиà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
dwюíṣar	dwюíṣà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
 Mxôwăjir	 Mxôwăjeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
N jjxțeæar	N jjxțeæeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
kntāãr szar	kntāãr szem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
сüȳuî yìure	сüȳuî yìguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
æ'bôȳõïfar	æ'bôȳõïfo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ãh·сêlюиr	ãh·сêlюиria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
fêpçūlar	fêpçūlessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
dеdçijúvr	dеdçijúvva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
òdìátбhxrir	òdìátбhxrís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
io'núè Ck-ar	io'núè Ck-em	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
óxwzrNāñdre	óxwzrNāñíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
wVèfvaш êar	wVèfvaш êéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
yțñMúar	yțñMúàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
à ·ьmær	à ·ьmæres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ãūaôбkáxjçar	ãūaôбkáxjço	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
èmïvojCMêar	èmïvojCMêueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
pzwñōbâr	pzwñōbâres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
 иCñjnæpüìr	 иCñjnæpüìria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ōCozhor	ōCozhor	V;NFIN;catalan
úsиV-úar	úsиV-úessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
emSèSеș çxórrer	emSèSеș çxorri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ôjhzîõuir	ôjhzîõuïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
zkìāúeSăVéixer	zkìāúeSăVeixéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
âCõwîñsçr	âCõwîñsçven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
à-uṣăir	à-uṣăiva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
gìiôcjr	gìiôcjran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
xūàpсæoe	xūàpсæoíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ñzCūūșīr	ñzCūūșīva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
îfqшvwūr	îfqшvwūrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ăèsïhьüor	ăèsïhьüores	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
hюæhīr	hюæhīm	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
qyn-ăr	qyn-ăren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
idnuzáțdиr	idnuzáțdиran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
țéеìóōar	țéеìóōàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
utиюjpț çrr	utиюjpț çrrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
eиêсpиzçjr	eиêсpиzçjven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
éêCxīpеar	éêCxīpеin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
íōéVlúhoíar	íōéVlúhoíem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ìáSūеcar	ìáSūеqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
āешg'еȳghmar	āешg'еȳghmueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
céukāar	céukāàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ăìóéèuar	ăìóéèuàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
sūuuaăīēūar	sūuuaăīēūàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
haCãíãér	haCãíãéran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ôsìxrñSõür	ôsìxrñSõüves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
zcи ьCíáe	zcи ьCíáien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
сîbãiir	сîbãiíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
·ȳf·ăȳ·ar	·ȳf·ăȳ·a	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
rūmmüutr	rūmmüutrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
țïüòă Cōиr	țïüòă Cōиr	V;NFIN;catalan
ïçîșюlar	ïçîșюlàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
bбărā ycar	bбărā yquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
VVkăȳzçiar	VVkăȳzçiin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ēēfpțhíñōèar	ēēfpțhíñōèessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
rmsævàfSar	rmsævàfSen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
бêббōfsaōær	бêббōfsaōæries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
mìqбúCēéãar	mìqбúCēéãïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
vtăçdṣăàure	vèităçdṣăàm	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
wïííбwtear	wïííбwteïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
Māюîtãūdre	Māюîtãūguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
Nqiytmxxó·r	Nqiytmxxó·r	V;NFIN;catalan
hбăìôvī·ar	hбăìôvī·àreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ètrlécnòáear	ètrlécnòáeeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
wfuVïpr	wfuVïpven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ôеtțVM-r	ôеtțVM-ríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
иâбsjâpar	иâбsjâpa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ṣiVе'æúcæVe	ṣiVе'æúcæVà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
okçgōfcre	okçgōfceren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ījMбēuúôçr	ījMбēuúôçria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ad VSīgàgàjar	ad VSīgàgàgéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ьpôêhNīir	ьpôêhNīïen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
сzūwюdj-ir	сzūwюdj-ireu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
așб·sMr	așб·sMda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ēVèàшSr	ēVèàшSr	V;NFIN;catalan
çăxõúōcar	çăxõúōquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
cèhxljcdre	cèhxljcgués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ìtîowṣfōsar	ìtîowṣfōsàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
bьеrt-war	bьеrt-wa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ejMSñdáMar	ejMSñdáMéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ñæzñōr	ñæzñōgui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ēìmgâCMüéиr	ēìmgâCMüéиria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ēMwшṣíăăóMr	ēMwшṣíăăóMré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
nCqææêțqcr	nCqææêțqcda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
tбțeṣиçюar	tбțeṣиçюo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ītúaеìãíîr	ītúaеìãíîràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
uṣь'ür	uṣь'üva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
òēCēNíãьzr	òēCēNíãьznt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
à·àikr	à·àikva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
rеSṣ·dīhи ar	rеSṣ·dīhи i	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
Názīüīēóòiar	Názīüīēóòia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ïCáqñôar	ïCáqñôés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
çòūçdêéȳóṣar	çòūçdêéȳóṣes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
xzMpdar	xzMpdés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ísqеúmüar	ísqеúmüis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
șüьșьóîfüxdre	șüьșьóîfüxgui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ю'ēòîv·lȳюr	ю'ēòîv·lȳюr	V;NFIN;catalan
máīíàеòar	máīíàеòàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ìmvāV'ãcȳqar	ìmvāV'ãcȳqàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
uț ātюóêmr	uț ātюóêmssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
tōhsãj -var	tōhsãj -vàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
iēmhūțüçr	iēmhūțüçràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
oCljãnríçear	oCljãnríçeàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
æSlīôiar	æSlīôià	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ăâSīòvсrièixer	ăâSīòvсriegueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
шeюеCr	шeюеCu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ïoeççéór	ïoeççéóran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
omMțiс-wràr	omMțiс-wràríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
сæеzur	сæеzunt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
n'șáōqr	n'șáōqr	V;NFIN;catalan
ôNăzzvюr	ôNăzzvюreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ìCchyó·Sșïar	ìCchyó·Sșïo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
kãgeṣftīūr	kãgeṣftīūt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
êă·ūиúшàur	êă·ūиúшàuries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
Mеñb-anar	Mеñb-anà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
càșïfxfьōr	càșïfxfьōré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ōh-lúæâmtur	ōh-lúæâmtur	V;NFIN;catalan
õghm úlìoyar	õghm úlìoyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
vȳáțópюêr	vȳáțópюêria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
șíîèrüye	șíîèrüye	V;NFIN;catalan
ádhbm'-ȳîjr-se	ádhbm'-ȳîjm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
băбôvásüar	băбôvásüeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
xtțjăбrсær	xtțjăбrсæva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ôșñóюuCìr	ôșñóюuCìves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ьsьqшòêar	ьsьqшòêessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
yüīmõr	yüīmõves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
cMgwdjdwū·r	cMgwdjdwū·ré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
çțgnïNheșwdre	çțgnïNheșwia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ìxhVepqyàr	ìxhVepqyària	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ōbăóólãar	ōbăóólãà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
eótăMsíar	eótăMsíessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
еïüē'шṣūCúir	еïüē'шṣūCúí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
îü ròszre	îü ròszin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
lzfcoór	lzfcoóves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
иéxãñgixir	иéxãñgixí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
nõçèvr	nõçèvrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
юæMtrâtpur	юæMtrâtpuva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
tòțūwriūr	tòțūwriūt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
oюòíãír	oeюòíãíxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
kzmásiwr	kzmásiwren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
tāázálсūcar	tāázálсūquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
áìăшíCfõar	áìăшíCfõem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
â'lcêíar	â'lcêíueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
·iqqõúure's	t'·iqqõúgueres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
âюè·kб-ãMar	âюè·kб-ãMessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
kîñò-īr	kîñò-īrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
'tizSar	'tizSessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ș'iишēSшr	ș'iишēSшres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ȳíсoñSшnar	ȳíсoñSшnàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
aȳfrbèсbr	aȳfrbèсbràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ãiìс var	ãiìс vàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ăбqnūr	ăбqnūria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
on ēnüCr	on ēnüCnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
âúșmtîhьcar	âúșmtîhьqués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
țíxévoéюōr	țíxévoéюōríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
иеVcȳr	иеVcȳria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ódlrãеr	ódlrãеves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
éăìūSóбdzar	éăìūSóбdza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ñCoañīțr	ñCoañīțven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ãbīíáé ar	ãbīíáé à	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
șïMс'ir	șïMс'íem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
dmpūqüqîшūr	dmpūqüqîшūríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
MãîMwkōr	MãîMwkōr	V;NFIN;catalan
yrfàéüylьme	yrfàéüylьmà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ōæеiīr	ōæеiīr	V;NFIN;catalan
ïāfVüenir	ïāfVüingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
Mшūàáeàr	Mшūàáeàres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
h-·îgar	h-·îgi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
rãïиçȳìlr	rãïиçȳìlr	V;NFIN;catalan
wl-Nșcar	wl-Nșqui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ēuVóăwșar	ēuVóăwșa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ñçvmiar	ñçvmien	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
bí'twmjjar	bí'twmjgin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
xñāgmbgl-yar	xñāgmbgl-yo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
īеçțx·сбar	īеçțx·сбem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ṣe zMс'èr	ṣe zMс'èria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
æсmțaæpiortir	æсmțaæpiurt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ndū âir	ndū âeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
tюțâbrxṣar	tюțâbrxṣàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ṣéи'иaòbбr	ṣéи'иaòbбràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
mãă nïēre	mãă nïēeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
íāañsōr	íāañsōríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
xNȳçiьеōar	xNȳçiьеōa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
àēCúvô eure	àēCúvô eguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
yçãxèaoāar	yçãxèaoāem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
шиōțyéșīCrir	шиōțyéșīCrí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
bṣtó·úōõēVar	bṣtó·úōõēVeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ücæqîuar	ücæqîuin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ñṣ'ètmr	ñṣ'ètmren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
m·бmmñpar	m·бmmñpo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
bеьtdbêwtàendre	bеьtdbêwtàès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
CSșzsecar	CSșzsequin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
îсȳbbdir	îсȳbbdeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Srãõcbàr	Srãõcbàen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
V'ēgьar	V'ēgьin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
àîúșhar	àîúșhàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
húbüïáēêr	húbüïáēêr	V;NFIN;catalan
zVóæüñar	zVóæüñem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
óVjgïyбjNdre	óVjgïyбjNguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
ēgúVdț r	ēgúVdț reu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
óèçiшūmçíer	óèçiшūmçíeríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
āôbònar	āôbònà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
țnwNēçar	țnwNēcen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ìïsarnuendre	ìïsarnuès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
VãCúúar	VãCúúéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
tñîâāūȳar	tñîâāūȳi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
hàmCzîóhure	havàmCzîóhm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
txéíé'kcèṣar	txéíé'kcèṣem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
awhïqиar	awhïqиuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
Vôōâl ār	Vôōâl āda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
шsсpàqir	шsсpàqí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
VlNòṣr	VlNòṣven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
Māиîсõvóōúr	Māиîсõvóōúrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ōșю·òṣr	ōșю·òṣreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
hṣtеīhwàar	hṣtеīhwài	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
aïțõjьȳr	aïțõjьȳries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
æCüqéãr	æCüqéãven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
âȳêoááêшāúr	âȳêoááêшāúnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
taitbsdțar	taitbsdțeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
íiqlMèr	íiqlMèda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ñuqôâïæēâcar	ñuqôâïæēâqueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
cț·ăair	cț·ăaíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
záâиmcar	záâиmquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
șduïēfr	șduïēfr	V;NFIN;catalan
ïæCdmVSir	ïæCdmVSïssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
SdMьlьr	SdMьlьven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ïíbôxïar	ïíbôxïi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
Míq êñr	Míq êñr	V;NFIN;catalan
õxáfūar	õxáfūés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
 iшõa-gbṣñr	 iшõa-gbṣñnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
îæõuyr	îæõuyven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
qürâbæьuuar	qürâbæьuués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
шddd ōSxar	шddd ōSxuis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
iSțòSMr	iSțòSMssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
шNîшyèюиr	шNîшyèюиres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
сjàõсìr	сjàõсìríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ăíhfюõr	ăíhfюõré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
īçfwõr	īçfwõries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ēuâе'șæ'ar	ēuâе'șæ'àreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
fNzqlaar	fNzqlaés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
NMüóo··ar	NMüóo··àvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ãūï'kîșæēar	ãūï'kîșæēeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ьâõlméar	ьâõlméem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
èìngñhūãиñar	èìngñhūãиñés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ôt-rçz-váèncer	ôt-rçz-váencérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
zôsyюxkr	zôsyюxkríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
lyN·ūpapar	lyN·ūpapés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
qюhgnMwrir	qюhgnMwríssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
kçNeMtV-fMr	kçNeMtV-fMré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
oqюçàvCfúir	oqюçàvCfúeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
dçyìítãююVure	dçyìítãююVgui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
·èj иïсеr	·èj иïсеda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
tьē'êàxòir	tьē'êàxòís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
éьîōïòìar	éьîōïòìà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
üeìCSr	üeìCSran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
udīlìr	udīlìnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
юfozïwedre	юfozïweies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
nà sȳьjar	nà sȳьgis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
·-ișбuar	·-ișбua	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
VCăa-ktcțar	VCăa-ktcțo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
qāxéиar	qāxéиà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
oqmwíīíиür	oqmwíīíиüré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ãémāîxmCr	ãémāîxmCr	V;NFIN;catalan
юásnfzr	юásnfznt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
âa mõïéõzr	âa mõïéõznt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
òkósò·r	òkósò·des	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
pNvéCьбr	pNvéCьбa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ïzdââīсāúM-se	ïzdââīсāúMeu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
éìôaеïāīar	éìôaеïāīà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
x- âp-üàar	x- âp-üàeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
бMvăbș ·mr	бMvăbș ·mria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
SюșMádjr	SюșMádjré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
eMNhìaxr	eMNhìaxrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
aиeюCr	aиeюCrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
Vеòȳâezíar	Vеòȳâezíàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
kjôadеvmir	kjôadеvmíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
nс-ȳSar	nс-ȳSis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
  czьr	  czьdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
eiêōjȳôjr	eiêōjȳôjrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ȳìçfșgîNr	ȳìçfșgîNré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
бMьшécõztêr	бMьшécõztêria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
àȳôēиyar	àȳôēиyem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
Côшuüvir	Côшuüviries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ūâNшgōr	ūâNшgōr	V;NFIN;catalan
ибṣшsqgvșíar-se	ибṣшsqgvșíis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
iṣ plw'abāar	iṣ plw'abāàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ôkpgāwșțar	ôkpgāwșțàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ādêêāir-se	ādêêāíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
Vūwgṣenir	Vūwgṣindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
țиșюīr	țиșюīran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
qṣMgiVM-se	qṣMgiVMàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
eo''tuCar	eo''tuCa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ôáțòàar	ôáțòàessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
hVvidar	hVvidem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
iafêsãôar	iafêsãôui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
īóбàāwá-se	īóбàāwáen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
qfàбàdar	qfàбàdés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
qăàеduar	qăàеduen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ȳseōMCNM-r	ȳseōMCNM-ran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ípqȳüwar	ípqȳüwes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
çьzSеcàbr	çьzSеcàbràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
u'gṣóōoxîar	u'gṣóōoxîis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
CcȳüюōCáàar	CcȳüюōCáàin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
Mṣīâãüōrr	Mṣīâãüōrreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
éabõbhíre	éabõbhíi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
cyVâбüSar	cyVâбüSessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ьúâæãcòãxеr	ьúâæãcòãxеr	V;NFIN;catalan
иSoSüâeçar	иSoSüâeçuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
еêôCgșüar	еêôCgșüin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
бcpèxgēdNar	бcpèxgēdNessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
иoīòsx-sdюr	иoīòsx-sdюts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
 dșēēqșir	 dșēēqșí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
бóyūṣe	бóyūṣíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
Nkîеüюn еūr	Nkîеüюn еūria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
шьãūnsupznjar	шьãūnsupznges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
nçCōæssíüиar	nçCōæssíüиem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
àè·aaájar	àè·aaágeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
uьūtбt-ãr	uьūtбt-ãrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
иsdçïr	иsdçïrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
SóúăSīôăr	SóúăSīôăran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
xæē-ñSâr	xæē-ñSâres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ēdkCîgéșar	ēdkCîgéșessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
wæșеïr	wæșеïries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ãṣêeюēúShCar	ãṣêeюēúShCem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
óíâvæșwñar	óíâvæșwñéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
ēCшdișfér	ēCшdișféríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
șoêó·kæSăīèixer	șoêó·kæSăīeixeran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ṣūōiüсr	ṣūōiüсries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
zqïtíèîr	zqïtíèîr	V;NFIN;catalan
īoîdçjr	īoîdçjrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
vmêNSvìar	vmêNSvìen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
uю-ṣeбowr	uю-ṣeбowrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
kúmfàōSr	kúmfàōSrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ággōtCāțèõr	ággōtCāțèõrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
SüèèféSwcar	SüèèféSwquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
úcȳsăCr	úcȳsăCdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
иeæ·бсir	иeæ·бсís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
-ōюêèr	-ōюêèria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ă'zM-pMr	ă'zM-pMven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
Cêîzxar	Cêîzxem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
бaōuîóCr	бaōuîóCrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ájsãăсñsqr	ájsãăсñsqreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ctMūbìțьdér	ctMūbìțьdéries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
íe-Nèômmsxr	íe-Nèômmsxr	V;NFIN;catalan
ăüюlиr	ăüюlиt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ìcюnfear	ìcюnfein	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
êlôīôr	êlôīônt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
юnàșшéüȳиr	юnàșшéüȳиva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
iãpVMúVSш-se	iãpVMúVSшan	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
æȳōkȳюar	æȳōkȳюem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
 Vtô'vṣar	 Vtô'vṣes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
aháóStr	aháóStria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
òcqōür	òcqōüves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
sç'ãînșüqir	sç'ãînșüqeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
óãdíãStеir	óãdíãStеïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ēáēvbșr	ēáēvbșt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
āèīgvdre	āèīgvguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
Mṣюôшúgltmr	Mṣюôшúgltmm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
éîüd-íбçar	éîüd-íбçàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
îæūdzèixer	îæūdzegueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
июàwôшçr	июàwôшçts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
rôaшe·ââr	rôaшe·ââria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
Vfoòòțr	Vfoòòțm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
úüêēеar	úüêēеa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
geṣõzюar	geṣõzюin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
kîsṣSCüçṣr	kîsṣSCüçṣssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
erwūür	erwūüva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
cqlfîīṣ üuar	cqlfîīṣ üuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
Vērîêgar	Vērîêgen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ckgòcir	ckgòcïu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
Nșoèēbmr	Nșoèēbmres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
õбētăōсr	õбētăōсres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
kvì'-r	kvì'-nt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
üeȳgóçxMær	üeȳgóçxMædes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
üсxfòvNr	üсxfòvNrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
áp·wpю'Nьēr	áp·wpю'Nьēen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
Cьìgишúūhrar	Cьìgишúūhràrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
óьîqNar	óьîqNi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ã ã·qīure	ã ã·qīguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
y·șîjíaSr	y·șîjíaSreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
īæsēóNìêNr	īæsēóNìêNreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
pVySNxôür	pVySNxôür	V;NFIN;catalan
l·сãdêîūar	l·сãdêîūes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
-oиîōar	-oиîōessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
crztīțțr	crztīțțries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
oNàțàшóēьr	oNàțàшóēьren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
péàNшar	péàNшí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
úètsá-tèxSar	úètsá-tèxSo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
hcwóvàwk-r	hcwóvàwk-ran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
kuweVшñrūir	kuweVшñrūïu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
Cēūaōtīt'e	Cēūaōtīt'à	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
fegăóìñpсar	fegăóìñpсàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
néшюшãacar	néшюшãaquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
êìlȳâar	êìlȳâa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
cééшeonæür	cééшeonæüva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
еuèéãzr	еuèéãzria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
àhlwgar	àhlwgi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
cșo'àñzèir	cșo'àñzèiré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ьxbiбüôà-r	ьxbiбüôà-ren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ēãòăìr	ēãòăìts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
bMîàsvre	bMîàsvi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
-èiSmpеNjçar	-èiSmpеNjçéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ãи-oèi'r	ãи-oèi'a	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
kēōàēxúãar	kēōàēxúãi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
и áMãpkSoṣar	и áMãpkSoṣi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ььxúòar	ььxúòéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
oxи îar	oxи îin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
țtoMōă r	țtoMōă u	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
àūîòòõîe	àūîòòõîàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
êшéçj·ṣcar	êшéçj·ṣà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
kââéшțãr	kââéшțãrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
túkmær	túkmæva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
çnсбшSïr	çnсбшSïves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
bшüсăā·dMecar	bшüсăā·dMequi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
wyōñlnmâSáre	wyōñlnmâSáia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
шôēführ	шôēfühda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
MCçMrCir	MCçMrCeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
áuéz-wibir	áuéz-wibida	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ēSüìîvar	ēSüìîvem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
îMlīūwhir	îMlīūwhïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ōíăwmar	ōíăwmo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ãēóçсr	ãēóçсré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ìcuzhlr	ìcuzhlríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ssȳêoar	ssȳêoàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
o æbбçar	o æbбça	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ьâoñôar	ьâoñôeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
сsï·uюȳ'er-se	сsï·uюȳ'et	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ьM éáātr	ьM éáātria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
Na'iȳṣr	Na'iȳṣria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
xCâfáNșōar	xCâfáNșōí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
țāīCóòSar	țāīCóòSis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
üwCōōṣor	üwCōōṣorà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ümoбkçar	ümoбkcí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
y'Sēzdre	y'Sēzguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
MkCăxSи·r	MkCăxSи·ran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ú-Mdȳțir	ú-Mdȳțí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ьMȳnèçсr	ьMȳnèçсu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
 jjhyóenir	 jjhyóingudes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
zqnhбVãiṣr	zqnhбVãiṣreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
gâãv·dætьr	gâãv·dætьríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
æсțóqòțr	æсțóqòțdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
bā Nȳâūar	bā Nȳâūà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ăéèàеuópșar	ăéèàеuópșí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
sīē·ăṣīēñr	sīē·ăṣīēñr	V;NFIN;catalan
riàêúāшddre	riàêúāшdguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
țdpV ñьбbïar	țdpV ñьбbïes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
șfеsíăáMõèar	șfеsíăáMõèi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
uеtõюicñtìr	uеtõюicñtìria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
hñ'ãūmar	hñ'ãūmem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
néórūõõqr	naórūõõqria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
üôăvkêôr	üôăvkêôves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ïlбuázсr	ïlбuázсré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ïaūNéæìïúar	ïaūNéæìïúessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
șõ țôér	șõ țôérem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ūȳ-ōāúбNgar	ūȳ-ōāúбNgem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
âēêăjṣxēr	âēêăjṣxēres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ṣnāñvcr	ṣnāñvcva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
·ñüē- Npшr	·ñüē- Npшm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
eè'yátūțr	eè'yátūțràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
dêwãppānar	dêwãppānéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
îебȳșntar	îебȳșnteu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
dțшòljar	dțшòljà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
Nábáṣlf-zātre	Nábáṣlf-zāt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
êêeìoеar	êêeìoеes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
oōīõ'ōȳfoar	oōīõ'ōȳfoàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ñăMNēíVīsūar	ñăMNēíVīsūes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
iNēsxSr	iNēsxSts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
íüçéVmæñîüar	íüçéVmæñîüin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
êèçșиuir	êèçșиueixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
sā-âuêyvxpar	sā-âuêyvxpa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
íéюoōir	íéюoōïssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
èSpībVædnr	èSpībVædnda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
dюsmñdбer	dюsmñdбeva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
rãoсcbxèixer	rãoсcbxeixeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
hioìkprиzar	hioìkprиza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
éíkáNãеîшar	éíkáNãеîшàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ïdțsșlòoNúr	ïdțsșlòoNúràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
àjñi r	àjñi rien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
üсииiure	üсииiu	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
êCeéyfz'fgr	êCeéyfz'fgríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
oиkolar	oиkoleu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
èyàь·ïr	èyàь·ïres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ãcȳehrar	ãcȳehro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
aoñfSēnar	aoñfSēna	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
óâîбețr	óâîбețu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
țшúсèô'knar	țшúсèô'kneu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
иzeátar	иzeátà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ïȳæūōv Vìar	ïȳæūōv Vìem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
·qCzиṣóèixer	·qCzиṣóeguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
æórCèñlêure	æórCèñlêguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
Núюxwr	Núюxwven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
îóoōțxçèr	îóoōțxçèria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
dîSș·ar	dîSș·a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
Ciеêjre	Ciеêjí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
иyóò·иâõar	иyóò·иâõem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
rșiàūeuSr	rșiàūeuSves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
éиzïdoar	éиzïdoem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
-üсSztir	-üсSztí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ásīrïSūwar	ásīrïSūwàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ш-üæyr	ш-üæyran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ñcúāîr	ñcúāîren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
õhțjьăwr	õhțjьăwssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ūи иfиNȳe	ūи иfиNȳíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
cãòõьóyCюer	cãòõьóyCюaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
Niюáш r	Niюáш ves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
êédéqdzuMjar	êédéqdzuMjin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
õíqrgñqar	õíqrgñqis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
xoȳūíеīõrvenir	xoȳūíеīõrvindríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ūjiеōVs'ēar	ūjiеōVs'ēés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
юjçõeée-se	юjçõeéees	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
qçьæedre	qçьæeguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
òoãòшlñбr	òoãòшlñбven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
qāãoьgușīr	qāãoьgușīr	V;NFIN;catalan
bñținyhòhye	bñținyhòhyien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
'jhck'âr	'jhck'âré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
rdôṣеr	rdôṣеm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
бæ'Swà-'ó-r	бæ'Swà-'ó-rem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ôVãMúșzrpúar	ôVãMúșzrpúeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
üîăéæar	üîăéæo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
·ōiwñar	·ōiwña	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
qōõiúfōar	qōõiúfōessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
hșrêmnáVr	hșrêmnáVries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ieNSúr	ieNSúria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
'ațî-r	'ațî-des	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ăMáajâér	ăMáajâéva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
o·õîìr	o·õîìts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
âoôoàenVr-se	âoôoàenVssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
V·deeüюir	V·deeüюíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
nVuômṣntar	nVuômṣnteu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
exàuшșk íñcar	exàuшșk íñquí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
xсwübrõьr	xсwübrõьts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
sеúasvāNagenir	sеúasvāNagindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
õgōkMúsеьar	õgōkMúsеьeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ūNNrñr	ūNNrñrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
tíinïè'ure	tíinïè'ies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
óNúzīdxar-se	óNúzīdxes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
khsàVxar	khsàVxeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
îțpìg-êü··car	îțpìg-êü··queu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
иșбCìNòr	иșбCìNòr	V;NFIN;catalan
âãõìcбr	âãõìcбràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
rcьăьiеir	rcьăьiеeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
sōșâqr	sōșâqrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
qíèezșar	qíèezșem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
năkVéюеæeăe	năkVéюеæeăia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
çюx çñwgar	çюx çñwga	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ãlõqér	ãlõqéràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ьó-müеæVìar	ьó-müеæVìem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
бv Vюr	бv Vюres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
и îïdar	и îïdàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
țțmțddюlVr	țțmțddюlVríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
cñúifàir	cñúifàeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ṣțбиiS'r	ṣțбиiS'rà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
Vìü·hvcar	Vìü·hvquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
merèōülxzțêSoеr	mereōülxzțêSoеré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
бgбе·ì·'r	бgбе·ì·'ssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
îçeaSsār	îçeaSsāries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
шâòmюañr	шâòmюañt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
qjMtaêxc'ure	qjMtaêxc'vent	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
rügеш r	rügеш rem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
Süiбxñìh'úr	Süiбxñìh'úda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
lúmwșçȳndre	lúmwșçȳn	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
áóhhCюar	áóhhCюo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ñéеòțmór	ñéеòțmória	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
àeīnznбáúar	àeīnznбáúàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
еMîțzṣzSCṣar	еMîțzṣzSCṣí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
бci-ṣñăbar	бci-ṣñăbeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
·Mïu-Cеq·Car	·Mïu-Cеq·Cem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
âиæеæfãr	âиæеæfãran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
MüâNwnpr	MüâNwnpreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
īè-ṣMr	īè-ṣMries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ṣñlșóbuor	ṣñlșóbuoren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
шvсtà сkir	шvсtà сkeixen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
āṣêāôtōar	āṣêāôtōi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
eiõиțatōr	eiõиțatōries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
бcбūādōoytar	бcбūādōoytàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
àīhñekèбar	àīhñekèбeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
rhьeævr	rhьeævts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ṣçêîūçbar	ṣçêîūçbi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
f-cwNjãir	f-cwNjãeixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ñfwjVïr	ñfwjVïran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
âiȳl·ñșṣenir	âiȳl·ñșṣindria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ñîāíîьzar	ñîāíîьzueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ămümôtar	ămümôtin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
șkț·rōNr	șkț·rōNreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
иyigṣ'·ehṣr	иyigṣ'·ehṣrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
èȳñsgīar	èȳñsgīuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
īиățçăãóьcar	īиățçăãóьquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
wïîüèSñdre	wïîüèSñíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
бușr-ïòqr	бușr-ïòqr	V;NFIN;catalan
CCãūãī'ìșăr	CCãūãī'ìșărem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
çæūțíеṣr	çæūțíеṣreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
aqóçSd'ar	aqóçSd'essis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
fv rȳ-làir	fv rȳ-làeixin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
súlreșçar	súlreșcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
dìūïáxhSьăènyer	dìūïáxhSьăenyéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ōæēCf'Cmcar	ōæēCf'Cmqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
'òçvaеr	'òçvaеva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
êălțáãr	êălțáãré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
lhãNsăr	lhãNsăr	V;NFIN;catalan
hNáșșèar	hNáșșèàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
wшgшàpr	wшgшàpria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
óxdgsSxar	óxdgsSxeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
òíā'Veêer	òíā'Veêedes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ȳliăüбēr	ȳliăüбēts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
сi сîscțìur	сi сîscțìuts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
'kïæūēbar	'kïæūēbeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
úmíæшr	úmíæшva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
иpîmīsuuar	иpîmīsuuo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ãrīskúvar	ãrīskúveu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ipíêàãюrșūar	ipíêàãюrșūis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
êmízhr	êmízhrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
âSklVar	âSklVàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
qâьwêú·Var-se	qâьwêú·Vo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
īamomhãdre	īamomhãen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
óMaōoõar	óMaōoõessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
dtNjqêîre	dtNjqêîí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
cktīzâVmr	cktīzâVmda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
óбõaoqâăir	óбõaoqâăeixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
yàиȳksr	yàиȳksríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
'oсī-c·âêíuar	'oсī-c·âêíüessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ēsCr'fàar	ēsCr'fàessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
Mеíuhe	Mеíuhe	V;NFIN;catalan
óïbrjñar	óïbrjñàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
беçviîkypar	беçviîkypi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ôzisïâúe	ôzisïâúia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
шôoшîāșr	шôoшîāșts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
SM-иāеóêbNr	SM-иāеóêbNríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
șáãrõúpâr	șáãrõúpâva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
çlepṣzсr	çlepṣzсríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ïwbçM'r	ïwbçM'ria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
pçṣâoar	pçṣâoem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
æеõṣîdōçédre	æеõṣîdōçéeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
īyárSpr	īyárSprà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ēüCCnшàSècar	ēüCCnшàSèqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
óē·sázâjîr	óē·sázâjîran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ā'ṣña-еuïсr	ā'ṣña-еuïсr	V;NFIN;catalan
fшqîlȳíēSar	fшqîlȳíēSessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
юāòjCrar	юāòjCrem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
êçuúuhãāьVar	êçuúuhãāьVés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
dpìêkkr	dpìêkkrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
tьсī'āVuwar	tьсī'āVuwéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ræьș-ṣar	ræьș-ṣa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
еVшæбlìòar	еVшæбlìòi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
·sīсtuhtar	·sīсtuhtessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ṣūnèôrõæăæar	ṣūnèôrõæăæàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ú·çqíūjī·ār	ú·çqíūjī·āssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ṣobōqōncdre	ṣobōqōncguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
īcȳ'yua'ér	īcȳ'yua'érien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
çSāfăSar	çSāfăSàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
țóüaóVōjar	țóüaóVōgéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
giбnõbеtæar	giбnõbеtæés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
Cíшoéсrēbar	Cíшoéсrēbessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ìáбkqsr	ìáбkqsva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ygãçdàr	ygãçdàves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
émáе'jar	émáе'gessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
Vîêhc ôar	Vîêhc ôes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
țēеCūVсюyere	țēеCūVсюyeut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
íüîàòșītar	íüîàòșītà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ūṣșṣèmúar	ūṣșṣèmúí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ōnlácvcar	ōnlácvcat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
âïiōçæçtre	âïiōçæçt	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
CôēăCēxr	CôēăCēxes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ibCиgșcr	ibCиgșcva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
 ōòьîjìòycr	 ōòьîjìòycran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
gūc ālr	gūc ālres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ínõ'õr	ínõ'õr	V;NFIN;catalan
ṣãiaшfțiwaar	ṣãiaшfțiwain	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
Ssïãacyеar	Ssïãacyеis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ăòшīMsjér	ăòшīMsjéts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ãõăîhçò õîar	ãõăîhçò õîàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
iròógūújyar	iròógūújyi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
oô·kCMăfâr	oô·kCMăfâr	V;NFIN;catalan
jсс·j bōăr	jсс·j bōăva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ïálæ-иgjSr	ïálæ-иgjSren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
юgбsêãēи· ar	юgбsêãēи· eu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
àc-еēȳèr	àc-еēȳèran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ê·Swār	ê·Swāria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
-gqgșr	-gqgșven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
s bīs·еuçre	s bīs·еuçin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
gNеrl- ar	gNеrl- in	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
nnюõṣdêьïr	nnюõṣdêьïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
eíNrtar	eíNrteu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
dèíoSar	dèíoSés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
cN'ìòțñòáar	cN'ìòțñòáí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
иôpbxSar	иôpbxSuin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
r hèēNюàr	r hèēNюàran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
dшlqбãír	dшlqбãít	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
kăеșăr	kăеșărem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
șîеюcèixer	șîеюceguis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ībшă·ar	ībшă·eu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
шm·юьõr-se	шm·юьõda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
юawüxæcиcar	юawüxæcиquessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
cMp Vj·ar-se	cMp Vj·í	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ȳedеkиæwar	ȳedеkиæwàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ăuï Nhçãr	ăuï Nhçãts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
æfeaén'țr	æfeaén'țré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
tíōeшar	tíōeшi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
tNсpì-àȳ r	tNсpì-àȳ ríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
vïfîūăMçar	vïfîūăMçeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
шеêNólenir	шеêNólingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
șkieṣãeçar	șkieṣãeçà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
lȳnNõaōìir	lȳnNõaōìeix	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
āòōì-V'r	āòōì-V'ren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
puo Sar	puo Sa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
шbmmlñșшqr	шbmmlñșшqr	V;NFIN;catalan
ākêV·ar	ākêV·i	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
xēñīбpñççr	xēñīбpñççdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
dnzãõr	dnzãõren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
muthkéVшæōir	muthkéVшæōís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
vqéеîr	vqéеîva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
lakrūūar	lakrūūin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
íūhkīMadăar	íūhkīMadăem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
еfmșxuçâïrar	еfmșxuçâïra	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ēīá-rюSár	ēīá-rюSánt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
éé'VèuSr	éé'VèuSva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
qkшôlir	qkшôleixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ñьVī'ufṣūōr	ñьVī'ufṣūōria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
xēVNõSr	xēVNõSren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ôōjȳōūòVear	ôōjȳōūòVeessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
æ'Nbàr	æ'Nbàt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
mühюludre	mühюlugué	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
hvêìéCar	hvêìéCéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
újíívdyw·r	újíívdyw·ven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
çcloòar	çcloòàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
òôârиâïvaar	òôârиâïvaeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
cōxббæ·ьse	cōxббæ·ьsà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
éngȳíōr	éngȳíōríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
çfêüâjjăVr	çfêüâjjăVres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
íúïôvr	íúïôvs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
l·üìçlr	l·üìçlré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ka güīar	ka güīeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ю g·иælNSar	ю g·иælNSes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
'sííwqjmlNr	'sííwqjmlNreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
regpnēiç-сūr	circpnēiç-сūren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
юx·àír	юx·àída	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
wáCVNbcar	wáCVNbca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
сôwṣnьoиê·r	сôwṣnьoиê·ríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
бdcjvzar	бdcjvzàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
üшtсèȳюv'Nr	üшtсèȳюv'Nrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
шyénçjvūer	шyénçjvūdreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
Vüqú- iar	Vüqú- ia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
jáõбir	jáõбirem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
Nuā æMnsr	Nuā æMnsu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
áfázțcar	áfázțcàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
nïsс·ar	nïsс·is	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
lâāeñMVar	lâāeñMVi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
óobēīçyбar	óobēīçyбeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
góòó·õnar	góòó·õneu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ūulmMkèir	ūulmMkèíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
mtèāèvar	mtèāèvàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
èāâñсur	èāâñсuen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
·ïSoddáVnór	·ïSoddáVnóen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
сkòæiyVōlMre	сkòæiyVōlMuda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
nkw ṣюè'eòar	nkw ṣюè'eòà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
îêhgòr	îêhgòria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
úñçMиmg'īбar	úñçMиmg'īбem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
áaçmçóaṣédver	áaçmçóaṣéduries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
юrõ àṣgțōar	юrõ àṣgțōàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
īṣüṣсíhăãar	īṣüṣсíhăãà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
o'rиèsúáicar	o'rиèsúáiqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
qSееsṣьêjar	qSееsṣьêgés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
óăMMàr	óăMMàven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
siâбúr	siâбúves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
açōi-юçțr	açōi-юçțràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
lfsșúúSr	lfsșúúSres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
zròèêīar	zròèêīin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ybīgtear	ybīgtea	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
uVăwCòvzor	uVăwCòvzoves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
șôaáсCr	șôaáсCré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
'ūfk·nātar	'ūfk·nātem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
Mădgāíèācar	Mădgāíèāqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
òшū-ōjôCnr	òшū-ōjôCnrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ñzāōntéèjar	ñzāōntéègis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
 ntyéir	 ntyéiran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
lṣbvsãjar	lṣbvsãgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
áhțñ'ir	áhțñ'ís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
'kmȳȳyar	'kmȳȳyin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ãüVееr	ãüVееnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
âúwòõиṣihéar	âúwòõиṣihéuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
zjCgììæсār	zjCgììæсāda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
 ешæey uïr	 ешæey uït	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
yиiçqfar	yиiçqfa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
șãtюkeīr	șãtюkeīria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
gmoêēàēbuar	gmoêēàēbuo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
-kfēlvk-ãuar	-kfēlvk-ãuis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
íaúyüãar	íaúyüãessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ãwс f'ípêar	ãwс f'ípêares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
lõotródir	lõotródeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
'NMïõюr	'NMïõюts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
lcсelngìr	lcсelngìria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
õrṣêxr	õrṣêxria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
áq wVȳçar	áq wVȳçaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
àțbūōkar	àțbūōkues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
b Săghpиr	b Săghpиres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
MьāSsíbéVôr	MьāSsíbéVôrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
tNzhïюеȳēaar	tNzhïюеȳēaàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
jlNțxțoqñr	jlNțxțoqñríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
uâееeVure	uâееeVguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
bōaṣyóȳōбar	bōaṣyóȳōбem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
àiñüюī-·и-ar	àiñüюī-·и-ï	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
fn'īSîvjar	fn'īSîvjí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
wanMer	wanMeria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
çiMūoar	çiMūoem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
fróéțder	fróéțts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
иvи·sū'ar	иvи·sū'is	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
do- ūar	do- ūessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
níwõár	níwõáries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
whьlívoor	whьlívoou	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
âoecV·nóñjr	âoecV·nóñjríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
SēõvNgr	SēõvNgran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
wCahсṣr	wCahсṣràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
бiюoïpūțèсr	бiюoïpūțèсres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ññūïçìnюñòr	ññūïçìnюñòria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
pсuwâurr	pсuwâurnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
mlțàшnsrNar	mlțàшnsrNàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
íăhoxr	íăhoxven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
xMюwcmar	xMюwcmàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
iṣшírérdàenir	iṣшírérdàinguts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
qīȳсvèfr	qīȳсvèfdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
àlútgõеMiar	àlútgõеMiessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
imàe·ecüar	imàe·ecüéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
'ēâôMșwhnṣir	'ēâôMșwhnṣïm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
qéōcюure	qéōcюu	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
üppyîț'āçr	üppyîț'āçré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ïjăīîеdáor	ïjăīîеdáova	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
шqlæqar	шqlæqa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
té-ю par	té-ю pi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
aêá rar	aêá ra	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
-tîneyеNyr	-tîneyеNyré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
еюváêoiir	еюváêoiíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
êçēüitàaMér	êçēüitàaMéríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
àaōjoăūkșr	àaōjoăūkșven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
yȳōy r	yȳōy da	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
jюеìиīar	jюеìиīi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
wíæghar	wíægha	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
úcrkeêChrar	úcrkeêChra	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
pyu·pșбibzr	pyu·pșбibznt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
zȳSьă'çy ir	zȳSьă'çy ives	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
nсõīvìr	nсõīvìrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
Cñxókar	Cñxóka	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
èNufCa'r	èNufCa'ves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
VæшéjNhîïsar	VæшéjNhîïsueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
șüqãSxcar	șüqãSxquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
țõāïxьsôr	țõāïxьsôràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
iqâíõr	iqâíõva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
шjìààüjure	шjìààüjguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
lõúiæúndāar-se	lõúiæúndāessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
țsh ăçr	țsh ăçré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ìсȳê úqr	ìсȳê úqda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
îab·ôjāēwîr	îab·ôjāēwîva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
çüêóeoôMȳ-ar	çüêóeoôMȳ-en	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ñāā-îōir	ñāā-îōíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
-sômюæar	-sômюæàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
Mюț-бüC·éшar	Mюț-бüC·éшin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
çȳñбcar	çȳñбca	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
uêzâсеȳьccure	uêzâсеȳьccguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
еbêdzar	еbêdzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
·apôêbgoțMr	·apôêbgoțMts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
êSȳшiеar	êSȳшiеa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ōfțāüõnr	ōfțāüõnva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
иíсȳìеюr	иíсȳìеюrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
'ñæâçswür	'ñæâçswüran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
mō'tõhbю țr	mō'tõhbю țr	V;NFIN;catalan
ósmîâêēr	ósmîâêēríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
csíōïòwir	csíōïòwí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
óõôéиóxar	óõôéиóxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
îàesсāar	îàesсāem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
făïk'ure	făïk'squérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
âowшõṣюēr	âowшõṣюēries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
pdwòòvțár	pdwòòvțánt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
êzçdmuVr	êzçdmuVz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
pnerqãyer	pnerqãyât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
юmérweger	юmérwegasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
âíuâшox'indre	âíuâшox'mons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
óțéhш-áCxrer	óțéhш-áCxre	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
·çêqï cюиCr	·çêqï cюиCrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
tō бCȳòVer	tō бCȳòVe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
vòvçȳer	vòvçȳant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ōzxákser	ōzxáksâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
VbīòwMer	VbīòwMe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
òlărōhhr	òlărōhhr	V;NFIN;french
kbcçgеr	kbcçgеs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
üиïávôauьhr	üиïávôauьhras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ȳôgiqṣclюdr	ȳôgiqṣclюdra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ūēсìsȳṣr	ūēсìsȳṣras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
qntьbr	qntьbront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ādtSahaшìer	en ādtSahaшìant	V.CVB;PRS;french
șsáșeer	șsáșeait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ôfsmбhæãzer	ôfsmбhæãzassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
 unиfañer	 unиfañât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
éăòvюxxār	éăòvюxxārois	V;COND;2;SG;french
ne'ìtNçæàèr	ne'ìtNçæàès	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ç шqīèjer	ç шqīèjions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Sôdmanàojer	Sôdmanàoje	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
Mшzюctētō er	Mшzюctētō é	V.PTCP;PST;french
cȳqfMndre	en cȳqfMgnant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ăguṣôïNâcuer	ăguṣôïNâcuassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ēõьlmer	ēõьlmaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
lfbiōçòCr	lfbiōçòCra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ómīMеúeсr	ómīMеúeсrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
șok·țālr	șok·țālriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ühõóqшxãder	ühõóqшxãdâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
êиwxíшaȳr	êиwxíшaȳraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
pбgìõõñSēr	pбgìõõñSērais	V;COND;1;SG;french
dh·kiír	dh·kiírais	V;COND;2;SG;french
Cãī'zèēlюer	Cãī'zèēlюasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
uȳiîVCñakVier	uȳiîVCñakVeriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
ãx qwîîr	ãx qwîînt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
иirô-er	иirô-iez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
fMVṣnler	fMVṣnus	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ăxNnæer	ăxNnæais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ṣâlțîyñcr	ṣâlțîyñcrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
têâțvīaire	têâțvīîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ьõшlrțjokr	ьõшlrțjokra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
w·Nïçfèю yer	w·Nïçfèю yassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
бreèNсsvper	бreèNсsvpa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
jèitāwòеȳer	jèitāwòеȳiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
d·çkker	d·çkkâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
âñ'țṣlьMer	âñ'țṣlьMât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ȳî-gàzer	ȳî-gàze	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
шèSāær	шèSāæraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
òūüfvș'er	òūüfvș'ais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
е-шôиer	е-шôиa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
uūMîñ-dqh r	uūMîñ-dqh z	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
mnSшxcer	mnSшxcai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
юțtyòèárm ier	юțtyòèárm asse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
qæăьi er	qæăьi èrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
fòțwcNer	fòțwcNe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
iáhìâ VnCpr	iáhìâ VnCprez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
õwaâcи r	õwaâcи s	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ṣēóēшīéбer	ṣēóēшīéбe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
īkVrúñūüer	īkVrúñūüe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
fcõpеìfier	fcõpеìfasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
úõoqе·ywàer	úõoqе·ywàe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
еțîīzhhxer	еțîīzhhxassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
jwSNṣcer	jwSNṣcassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
 pìáéer	 pìáéâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ьēuãcjṣyūer	ьēuãcjṣyūassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
hșç yl'ēr	hșç yl'ērai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
iибïrūer	iибïrūe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
бéîévȳçór	бéîévȳçór	V;NFIN;french
áCwrțtôxxer	áCwrțtôxxa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ãs-ívôăêer	ãs-ívôăêa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
sjnõtеțter	sjnõtеțtssoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
nMqñșăNï ñr	nMqñșăNï ñssions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
óțfdеr	óțfdеras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
бzSzh'pljwndre	бzSzh'pljwgnissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
snțcoier	snțcoeroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
ēăōșzier	ēăōșzoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
dȳçNíer	dȳçNíais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ȳ·шюēèr	ȳ·шюēèrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
șīlçăoyer	șīlçăerrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
íS'kсãâer	íS'kсãâasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
șnSvwr	șnSvwrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
zèvțșer	zèvțșas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ōqāiсюüьétrer	ōqāiсюüьètre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
nбçfășg·r	nбçfășg·riiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ṣfâlãúindre	ṣfâlãúignoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
'byheyāer	'byheyāassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
õqdíiȳrer	õqdíiȳrais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ñūacg iéir	ñūacg iéiras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
s-иâñăer	t-иâñăasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
tvā xиíēe	tvā xиíēons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ñóîNexçr	ñóîNexçs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ñbюcm rçer	ñbюcm rçe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
usṣíîсMpur	usṣíîсMpussons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
иõеȳár	иõеȳárez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
'éиîçr	'éиîçrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
ìwSō-ôìuêer	ìwSō-ôìuêe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
tôbxqSérer	tôbxqSèreriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
nobdcàāMr	nobdcàāMnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
eî·qír	eî·qít	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ūóшkīæьr	ūóшkīæьz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ṣсïиjnе -r	ṣсïиjnе -raient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ssâбCoM-ȳr	ssâбCoM-ȳnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
íaиóṣkiM·zr	íaиóṣkiM·zs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
dеâãqīinyüer	dеâãqīinyüe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
шșèò-āker	шșèò-ākant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
íï'pe-Nāôhr	íï'pe-Nāôhssant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
úṣșиtwr	úṣșиtwriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
èovqюNcôazer	èovqюNcôazassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
țеюíwçdaȳțer	țеюíwçdaȳțe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ēèèaéïṣuqder	ēèèaéïṣuqdais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
iúMjyçñèár	iúMjyçñèár	V;NFIN;french
èkSțсlâõūbr	èkSțсlâõūbr	V;NFIN;french
-úīyjCer	-úīyjCais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
țюȳìMeúr	țюȳìMeúrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
VCràlòer	VCràlòais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
wеôlóer	wеôlóassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ȳxâ-сr	ȳxâ-сrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
īâNhS-Nr	īâNhS-Nrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
Mюïóьūléиr	Mюïóьūléиnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
иèьífuí'er	иèьífuí'e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ãâwérqtȳxr	ãâwérqtȳxs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ṣьx·ñèôîéler	ṣьx·ñèôîèle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ncāсièsúfer	ncāсièsúfassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ìghuçiæhir	ìghuçiæheraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
gNôuăîьlúer	gNôuăîьlúe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
cēCzhôáer	cēCzhôáe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
nōkîCșèõzer	nōkîCșèõziez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ōjvúṣсer	ōjvúṣсé	V.PTCP;PST;french
иyjyatNr	иyjyatNrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
jсțyâSüer	jсțyâSüiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ăôoümíqr	ăôoümíqt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
êȳȳyñбuer	êȳȳyñбue	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
üõíkóеr	üõíkóеrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
-иèægюnvijr	-иèægюnvijz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
oìjàvṣer	oìjàvṣèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ãN âeбNãwer	ãN âeбNãwiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
dòțdànôæиâer	dòțdànôæиââtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ōfnpȳpīáwger	ōfnpȳpīáwgastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
bxgáézer	bxgáézions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
íqôwzõxīúwer	íqôwzõxīúwâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ôîvCîèer	ôîvCîèassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
xxīpoer	xxīpoas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
wqmōíēüeòer	wqmōíēüeòons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ṣ ṣoóer	ṣ ṣoóé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ăuefïbȳàïtr	ăuefïbȳàïtront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
oyиcadsíer	oyиcadsíons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
òãiсșnCcáer	òãiсșnCcáé	V.PTCP;PST;french
uüúuьâer	uüúuьâasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ãюīьéșõfer	ãюīьéșõfais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
j иVxhpère	j иVxhpèe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
úбsîhênrúéer	úбsîhênrúéai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
иfñșțuеlr	иfñșțuеlriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
yīеzâüágèer	yīеzâüágèais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
uúMéиer	uúMéиa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ãdàüииfer	ãdàüииs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
шnvísáeter	шnvísáète	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ūāCvler	ūāCvlassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
șbçiüéner	șbçiüènerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
òzисçVer	òzисçViez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
āpиȳæjõ'cer	āpиȳæjõ'çant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
țшMīfæier	țшMīfæièrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
бñ ïber	бñ ïbasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
uSṣănsăúuier	uSṣănsăúues	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ьīīqīòьer	ьīīqīòьent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
vеиpсâer	vеиpсâions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
éșțdxēсôo'r	éșțdxēсôo'ra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ūgêéшaVl er	ūgêéшaVl ions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
úçwrāâáïñr	úçwrāâáïñssez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
еpțzéãer	еpțzéãèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
cvôṣār	cvôṣārons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
z-îpêsCìúfr	z-îpêsCìúfrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
seṣшīîīãçcer	seṣшīîīãçciez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
 íșrãmwer	 íșrãmwiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Nãôeôepmшr	Nãôeôepmшrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ãçfkjMr	ãçfkjMs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
êC rtr	êC rtssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ṣāvсvuger	ṣāvсvujames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
yșlvêсaer	yșlvêсae	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
cсюxCúeūõer	cсюxCúeūõe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
tSèȳkьfæ-her	tSèȳkьfæ-he	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
æéyeæer	æéyeæé	V.PTCP;PST;french
àólg  dker	àólg  dkassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
uãcíVòr	uãcíVòra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
mçNriüсó'ãer	mçNriüсó'ãèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ṣæ-Sìontlier	ṣæ-Sìontlie	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
õüṣóúer	õüṣóúiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
șNjãāzȳlr	șNjãāzȳlz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
næṣș сqâr	næṣș сqâs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
êțNüбxMñюéer	êțNüбxMñюéasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
шеîàюwèюdqer	шеîàюwèюdqe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ьēnàôūbbьer	ьēnàôūbbьe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
rūеjю r	rūеjю nt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
çw ṣçer	çw ṣçai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
îōzóSăer	îōzóSăons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
еkbеnâȳôMr	еkbеnâȳôMr	V;NFIN;french
e ãьdȳwr	e ãьdȳwz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ôñṣôçr	ôñṣôçs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
kṣьiòer	kṣьiòais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
tgsídáNr	tgsídáNront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
àātkеqñfvîer	àātkеqñfvîé	V.PTCP;PST;french
шk'tñérer	шk'tñèrerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
w·lьăìnüæer	w·lьăìnüæassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
zjюmñīсNqr	zjюmñīсNqra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ēõriõ-rç·wler	ēõriõ-rç·waut	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
'ūшõîșьȳer	'ūшõîșьȳe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ò-юaìò·eòer	ò-юaìò·eòât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
Mwüúæõānьr	Mwüúæõānьrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ȳpüéuer	ȳpüéuant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
kеeèãțèúìer	kеeèãțèúìe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
āàeôăhècer	āàeôăhèça	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
kwõȳxeíejer	kwõȳxeíejions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Mïdãngôægr	Mïdãngôægz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
üíCțvȳьer	üíCțvȳьât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ïsékæánçrьer	ïsékæánçrьèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
âMN îmôíer	âMN îmôíait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
éîț·zlñgèсer	éîț·zlñgèсassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
gSsmMeer	gSsmMee	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
Cшnnbьīer	Cшnnbьīas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
óîazōȳбê-īir	óîazōȳбê-īîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
SVfmãшr	SVfmãшz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
extrairuhfVówe	uhfVówN	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
loюūwxier	loюūwxent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ttè'иmṣner	ttè'иmṣné	V.PTCP;PST;french
juSâțókh'r	jüSâțókh'riiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
íuvșxūf·ler	íuvșxūf·lons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
cxnaMțer	cxnaMțions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
èîбçuher	èîбçuhez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
 vwVyrer	 vwVyré	V.PTCP;PST;french
иoîcõjțíīgr	иoîcõjțíīgssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ãVnb àCl·ór	ãVnb àCl·ónt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ocmеCeеer	ocmеCeеons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
óéōqȳer	óéōqȳant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ièе'ētãiшer	se ièе'ētãiшe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
è ypdàa-сer	è ypdàa-сe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ьūțōN üer	ьūțōN üons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
șvjàháçь mer	șvjàháçь mait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ñhбgíyuăer	ñhбgíyuăons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
īïa-oü'бhe	īïa-oü'бhaient	V;COND;3;PL;french
w-țīMCer	w-țīMCassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ãnNьijgVer	ãnNьijgVé	V.PTCP;PST;french
áj'üíer	áj'üíât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
Nrāȳq'er	Nrāȳq'ant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ш'aVwer	ш'aVwâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
сuăskmñr	сuăskmñrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
сxâ-jepner	сxâ-jepnassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
æaréи·r	æaréи·rais	V;COND;2;SG;french
büôòиòȳиeever	büôòиòȳиeèveras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
yuātōr	yuātōnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
èõááár	èõááároies	V;COND;2;SG;french
ēițìugfèpr	ēițìugfèpras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
èìæSṣăâшr	èìæSṣăâшraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
vsșòюȳáer	vsșòюȳáons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
pdv·mlsêxr	pdv·mlsêxz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
yówCñr	yówCñrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
hüqūcеer	hüqūcеas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ēиūdisbéçèer	ēиūdisbéçèé	V.PTCP;PST;french
rlôhñre	rlôhñent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
иæjиmhdsbòer	иæjиmhdsbòiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ì-çNetêàãer	ì-çNetêàãât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
 sôwбáōr	 sôwбáōrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
rьóñfuuăer	rьóñfuuăons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
âеàé ññhȳer	âеàé ññhȳons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
wcbgȳkár	wcbgȳkáront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
Ngāzïcénиțcier	Ngāzïcénиțçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
nuс·iCcr юer	nuс·iCcr юions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Sбõí qcMlier	Sбõí qcMla	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
òSсMcî-юàer	òSсMcî-юàs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
vrmîâar	vrmîâant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ôpp·āïgier	ôpp·āïjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
 óīâõéder	 óīâõède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
b' Vbīer	b' Vbīé	V.PTCP;PST;french
юyCx'îiú'er	юyCx'îiú'e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
сNiæōlr	сNiæōlssais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
сêN'ær	сêN'æras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ícdfSr	ícdfSz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
èõбcíer	èõбcíe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
 rlȳēțțr	 rlȳēțțrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ȳMxus bèér	ȳMxus bèériez	V;COND;2;PL;french
 üācj ier	 üācj oies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ișáçiwr	ișáçiwras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
бîēșșSr	бîēșșSroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
úñirMàlxer	úñirMàlxassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ț gèьjîr	ț gèьjîrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ibysî'ьe -er	ibysî'ьe -e	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
еlèibюиâr	еlèibюиâras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
hïpmkêçr	hïpmkêçz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
õьōсòô íīēer	õьōсòô íīēons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ñúūòìskramr	ñúūòìskramras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
êppôkhr	êppôkhront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ēxeòæer	ēxeòæe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
æúîиṣțeиer	æúîиṣțeиassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
MrēшNfqêr	MrēшNfqêrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
șîиțzaūwóCer	șîиțzaūwóCe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
иgúēîú-ier	иgúēîú-e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
æïfèшpссīсr	æïfèшpссīсs	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
âïdțбfr	âïdțбfrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
dáloàr	dáloàz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ēêcьcôSr	ēêcьcôSs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
iōōașher	iōōașhoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ūzшȳū'éárer	ūzшȳū'éárais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
òâббшãr	òâббшãs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
éòujühȳéSr	éòujühȳéSr	V;NFIN;french
'юṣãvMòēer	'юṣãvMòēiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
íçèȳtеê'aôr	íçèȳtеê'aôsses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
conșlkîaâê-r	șlkîaâê-iens	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
āèxikñer	āèxikñe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
àlnçyñr	àlnçyñs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
юds òlșjtMr	юds òlșjtMrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
e eæиer	e eæиasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
Mãōgoor	Mãōgoora	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
-șéMnr	-șéMnrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
 ōéсazò duer	 ōéсazò duèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
еēhêãȳyèjr	еēhêãȳyèjront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
pèdwïțеn-r	pèdwïțеn-z	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
xāьjSCscr	xāьjSCscrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
fe'ìuèr	fe'ìuès	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ïtōеïaer	ïtōеïaa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ārsóеpсávíier	ārsóеpсávíasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
núCúīr	núCúīrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
·è-dôaȳr	·è-dôaȳrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
douúqz·er	douúqz·âtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
mcīțkjïșer	mcīțkjïșassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
áæñàеer	áæñàеiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
óāāьeūȳxer	óāāьeūȳxe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ïewсpiūyr	ïewсpiūyrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
éūlïhr	éūlïhz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
bswMи-xȳjбer	bswMи-xȳjбons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
юldtīr	юldtīz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
àlwjçer	en àlwjçant	V.CVB;PRS;french
vô'jisüçSer	vô'jisüçSaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
 Mvyàā·czōr	 Mvyàā·czōnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
iюaêôīеár	iюaêôīеárons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
oьìеàõer	oьìеàõe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
-сpṣoer	-сpṣoiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ñMȳббer	ñMȳббant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
m·eyéăkier	m·eyéăkassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
 nNéónêáūjer	 nNéónêáūjas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
õиNNár	õиNNárent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
æôgeюæmgier	æôgeюæmjoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
qyNăkudșNxer	qyNăkudșNxassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ūñkoēCuúьиer	ūñkoēCuúьиions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
úCõòеnēr	úCõòеnēs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
Nóбìy-er	Nóбìy-e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
-cjñбìîсxr	-cjñбìîсxnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
·юmhūVr	·юmhūVraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ôfеgшrбfxmr	ôfеgшrбfxmas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
çnnñNf·er	çnnñNf·e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
pсбfíбser	pсбfíбsassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
cc vшüüer	cc vшüüaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
сæíīãx'õer	сæíīãx'õiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
wîõūèæírer	wîõūèæírais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
oSd'f'aître	oSd'f'us	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ūāȳeîṣener	ūāȳeîṣèneriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
áēățúr	áēățúz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ïăееwbiçfjer	ïăееwbiçfjions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ōôâôèwSăâ r	ōôâôèwSăâ ront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
dюpxīōшṣier	dюpxīōшṣant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ēzî'ăer	ēzî'ăassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ñreiиzṣxr	ñreiиzṣxons	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
vēñ-imer	vēñ-imant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
'ïiīúrer	en 'ïiīúrant	V.CVB;PRS;french
óõiòóvîSbâer	óõiòóvîSbâassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
бghngcă'er	бghngcă'aient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ōæmшăúhâàer	ōæmшăúhâàasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ôæCôțNèr	ôæCôțNès	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
úòògmîjúиer	úòògmîjúиais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
еqшeīисьher	en еqшeīисьhant	V.CVB;PRS;french
âēçíuvòbr	âēçíuvòbroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
àrôaī·ãñier	àrôaī·ãñasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ñbūbțbí'r	ñbūbțbí'rons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ô-ès-·Msêr	ô-ès-·Msêrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ókūVсier	ókūVсe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ç·ăSnæôēсār	ç·ăSnæôēсāssaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
șóqîor	șóqîorais	V;COND;1;SG;french
țúwă seler	țúwă sèlerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
qgpюhúāúūèr	qgpюhúāúūèraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ãõõwêæéair	ãõõwêæéairai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
NSāwôōrеkțr	NSāwôōrеkțrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
éõfíăr	éõfíăr	V;NFIN;french
șâæfáeter	șâæfáetèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
tăh'ker	tăh'koit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
iãèōãbüer	iãèōãbüé	V.PTCP;PST;french
pæyifṣer	pæyifṣassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
nNNьâMpï er	nNNьâMpï ant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
cpōõNțăver	cpōõNțăvassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
юābàșōșer	юābàșōșai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
güívéōxMüater	güívéōxMüat	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
dìéеVor	dìéеVoz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
úqkdyær	úqkdyæra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
еãàNCīger	еãàNCīgassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
rtțïrюtner	rtțïrюtnant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
lNôî·Ninhōr	lNôî·Ninhōr	V;NFIN;french
бюkòūaíàpourvoir	бюkòūaíàvu	V.PTCP;PST;french
Cuìaãr	Cuìaãr	V;NFIN;french
-qSócr	-qSócrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
юúñāă·õ'gier	юúñāă·õ'geroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
S'y'cьer	S'y'cьassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
oçNdãúar	oçNdãúassent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ôCсsеéèūer	ôCсsеéèūe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
rțōMçōédtre	rțōMçōédsse	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ēypī-fíеier	ēypī-fíеasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
oíñjõdr	oíñjõdrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
wVxãoer	wVxãoasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
hNçñ-iō·ēxer	hNçñ-iō·ēxasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
qçp Cūr	qçp Cūrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
āьkæVkбиюer	āьkæVkбиюassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
бíïà·sюhêer	бíïà·sюhêiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
vmtjà·ș'ãer	vmtjà·ș'ãait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
rúünSb·Sбür	rúünSb·Sбürions	V;COND;1;PL;french
íSisfțar	íSisfțaront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
oâpāб-rfuer	oâpāб-rfuas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
yCgсñr	yCgсñs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
uèNlmpțôer	uèNlmpțôé	V.PTCP;PST;french
jȳükānбr	jȳükānбnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
òãõīaer	òãõīaais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
rkṣñâçdéúíéser	rkṣñâçdéúíèsent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
wàīñnêwer	wàīñnêwtes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
kjaïșr	kjaïșz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
îNèшlṣer	îNèшlṣâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
èèìōòbnrhger	èèìōòbnrhjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ēèāи - r	ēèāи - ai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ãêìțсçṣr	ãêìțсçṣr	V;NFIN;french
aõîCpjbсker	aõîCpjbсkiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
liñpòéer	liñpòéaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
brhūê'er	brhūê'ons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ămrбçr	ămrбçrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
sbìсîòȳâṣlr	sbìсîòȳâṣlrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
ægētüеer	ægētüеions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
īāìṣor	īāìṣoraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
à-иgVòūwSr	à-иgVòūwSs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
C-mqtr	C-mqtra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
юṣьh șaire	юṣьh șerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
sçȳṣ-âM иéder	sçȳṣ-âM иède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
àhuSrüôñr	àhuSrüôñrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
бșzpïmшber	бșzpïmшbe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
yñCêór	yñCêóroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
юeVtpȳixer	en юeVtpȳixant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ēi æôqâúrrer	ēi æôqâúrrassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ăgàūjer	en ăgàūjant	V.CVB;PRS;french
țuȳàōîer	țuȳàōîe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
юçüaбóMawer	юçüaбóMawé	V.PTCP;PST;french
иóydîíwxer	иóydîíwxai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
sírVēéúner	sírVēéúniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
wtkpor	wtkporais	V;COND;1;SG;french
è-gcohúlūēier	è-gcohúlūēerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
oxāá'r	oxāá'z	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
țïzçdzir	țïzçdzons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
șVьvūōMMqer	șVьvūōMMqais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
çryîшóèSre	çryîшóèSsis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ìCî-ț'r	ìCî-ț'nt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
aõōægdr	aõōægdr	V;NFIN;french
oMīămȳñãṣēer	oMīămȳñãṣēe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ô·zïțșter	ô·zïțștons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
fíшṣ·dMиre	fíшṣ·dMиs	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
êīàíõ'er	êīàíõ'ais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
jnp--·qïúsier	jnp--·qïúserai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
óíògujtìer	óíògujtìé	V.PTCP;PST;french
сòfõmшuēfwer	сòfõmшuēfwa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
cеcíü er	cеcíü e	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
aeluôer	aeluôât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
çjpomqwdеr	çjpomqwdеroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
SíVNoer	SíVNoasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
n·âónwïôer	n·âónwïôastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
fôd'ããuсõCer	fôd'ããuсõCé	V.PTCP;PST;french
юNòōìVpēnfir	юNòōìVpēnfais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
șìMçíóvuer	șìMçíóvuissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
èūküбre	èūküбve	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
çюăèúîCer	çюăèúîCèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
fscōéæâoеer	fscōéæâoеons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
xgиgxṣьér	xgиgxṣьés	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
qêьиïvgóer	qêьиïvgóe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
țūèáìèmfcer	țūèáìèmfçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
dáṣâeú·éăVer	dáṣâeú·éăVe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
âīçNSaīfdíer	s'âīçNSaīfdíoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
êūшȳôãár	êūшȳôãáras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
cp-eêer	cp-eêât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
èсsīeă ñr	èсsīeă ñz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
vșhtpr	vșhtpra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
êñmēSer	êñmēSions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
VüNèaâсbvr	VüNèaâсbvrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ătēōшoyzer	ătēōшoyzions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ïиééüṣïer	ïиééüṣïe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
áyóьсàlеer	áyóьсàlеes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
țVïàêMăcбr	țVïàêMăcбrois	V;COND;2;SG;french
mиwțpçéir	mиwțpçéîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
-MăMer	-MăMeriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
fçVțюer	fçVțюai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
uhōShõ'r	uhōShõ'rait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ēиeõьqsâpьr	ēиeõьqsâpьras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
·éūôиșȳșêaer	·éūôиșȳșêae	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
zȳézēüáșer	zȳézēüáșassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
uCáuSïSr	uCáuSïSrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
uūjюVoā ō'er	uūjюVoā ō'âtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
īfôp'ā·nиer	īfôp'ā·nиassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
cóikéMer	cóikéMe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
țMgpбâñr	țMgpбâñrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ūlеótruer	ūlеótruons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
eì'бââòs'ēer	eì'бââòs'ēiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
bîVsīgбer	bîVsīgбai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
oNñâìyóиer	oNñâìyóиait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ȳēakNüMer	ȳēakNüMe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
N'nṣiNéner	N'nṣiNènes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ăpqиæwre	ăpqиæwssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ūбhCwãòer	ūбhCwãòe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ūāô aõбer	ūāô aõбiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ȳçr·uzmór	ȳçr·uzmóroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
éăеVāer	éăеVāoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
иqhî Vîlr	иqhî Vîlroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
Vōшmūaõ'er	Vōшmūaõ'e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ūésбьer	ūésбьasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
uâçâàéîsier	uâçâàéîsie	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
æôacfrюer	æôacfrюe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
Céēæcimer	Céēæcimâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
Sēàæzòиvēver	Sēàæzòиvēva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ïaшk-er	ïaшk-asse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
âoíójèjer	âoíójèja	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
iêīdNсr	iêīdNсrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
êcæNñìăāõVer	êcæNñìăāõVais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
õCãñì-еer	õCãñì-еiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
țágú 'r	țágú 'ras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ugájшièàcyer	ugájшièàcye	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
āбyxāîüăier	āбyxāîüăiais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ōèămæțü gher	ōèămæțü ghais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
еêüèășwner	еêüèășwné	V.PTCP;PST;french
uoôṣriîer	uoôṣriîons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
éõьñ ezúôær	éõьñ ezúôæz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
nшì'-rēæшсer	nшì'-rēæшсait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
бy-ьfxṣwjtfer	бy-ьfxṣwjtf	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
șñăqCæNçer	șñăqCæNçassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
àgbеxôhèóaer	àgbеxôhèóaai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
nȳiõãer	nȳiõãons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
бșēеwèeier	бșēеwèeié	V.PTCP;PST;french
xtCeõwțiber	xtCeõwțiboient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
Veбătсxyúner	Veбătсxyúne	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
npeсṣlōcer	npeсṣlōçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
CсCCьêâèr	CсCCьêâèra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ñpôròr	ñpôròs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
óilfxCzãre	óilfxCzãais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
fmfțfer	fmfțfassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ôhdtōnr	ôhdtōnr	V;NFIN;french
êæ'иtkdsбber	êæ'иtkdsбbe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
Ctqēșfaeere	Ctqēșfaeeisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
eôgñkōáæшшr	eôgñkōáæшшras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
îotîzyor	îotîzyor	V;NFIN;french
èṣqю-īсVer	èṣqю-īсVions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
 ñшéCbãNmgr	 ñшéCbãNmgrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
lььxldūētr	lььxldūēts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
fíшțwșzVâūer	fíшțwșzVâūe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ūсpy·cõбtre	ūсpy·cõбssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ômȳSïñter	ômȳSïñte	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
qūõé·er	qūõé·âtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
nyьūūr	nyьūūas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
qюеM mȳîr	qюеM mȳîrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
xfnVooábr	xfnVooábraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
VбS ñêáï·õer	VбS ñêáï·õiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ñеCyswшhr	ñеCyswшhrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
tîáswïire	tîáswïyait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
yșșàóóóèиMer	yșșàóóóèиMâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
иvcțṣxиer	иvcțṣxиoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
-le·țqméder	-le·țqmède	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
gh-uîóMoæèer	gh-uîóMoæèons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
иuēm·qwș·er	иuēm·qwș·e	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
eьpșеjсwor	eьpșеjсworait	V;COND;3;SG;french
àüépjr	àüépjriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
kjьṣīòer	kjьṣīòiiens	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
Miьõæeulpr	Miьõæeulpssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
kjnàSăer	kjnàSăions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
vlțsȳṣüô  re	vlțsȳṣüô  sais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ñizéбiьïkïr	ñizéбiьïkïras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
бūó-ñьìíăher	бūó-ñьìíăhassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
SúCăòиxiбāer	SúCăòиxiбāe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
qSбíqīlàțr	qSбíqīlàțr	V;NFIN;french
Vhēбăьer	Vhēбăьe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
 Mkьìșízõr	 Mkьìșízõsses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
lõâșbáer	lõâșbáé	V.PTCP;PST;french
șiüȳcìūr	șiüȳcìūz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ãqêиñījȳxvr	ãqêиñījȳxvrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
NgüVíèãôer	NgüVíèãôasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
 Cãnkсir	 Cãnkсïssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
hō'țбñêger	hō'țбñêgèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
rșCю·zīïer	rșCю·zīïât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
lecàсūoer	lecàсūoe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
xãuoțwir	xãuoțwiriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
āēfwâr	āēfwârais	V;COND;1;SG;french
шākógeler	шākógèle	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
сțõānleãer	сțõānleãissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
àюjbkáer	en àюjbkáant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ìāgkcaqr	ìāgkcaqr	V;NFIN;french
бêēvìñdr	бêēvìñdrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
yuēésstre	yuēéssṣisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
fpxlеNūlwr	fpxlеNūlwr	V;NFIN;french
ôdшбçēúâre	ôdшбçēúâait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
éõçшómáăir	éõçшómáăirez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
õNrvair	õNrvairas	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
īāwSMer	īāwSMais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
iifmçàihь-dre	iifmçàihь-ez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
āūSl līenir	āūSl līiendra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ìçkCè·ēățer	ìçkCè·ēățassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
àâítz·éer	àâítz·éiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ȳbīsãсиCūáer	ȳbīsãсиCūáons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Stșòbtñ- Vre	Stșòbtñ- Vsaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
êfшnãéoæôer	êfшnãéoæôions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
еâбūjāеañțe	еâбūjāеañțons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
l īējьkVqer	l īējьkVqât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
mxzaócьCьïer	mxzaócьCьïaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
·āēNăãcer	·āēNăãçais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
uyòāM'eшr	uyòāM'eшs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
Sșóсnmòyór	Sșóсnmòyóra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
írpblrēиáūre	írpblrēиáūsissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
kеvbpwr	kеvbpwr	V;NFIN;french
rïïôqeār	rïïôqeāraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
VptxChdpuer	VptxChdpuassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
cīmóbzēü·r	cīmóbzēü·nt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
õwgqanjîyCer	õwgqanjîyCâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
сеáuéer	сеáuéions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ytuVpèīīer	ytuVpèīīiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
'бófñêer	'бófñêer	V;NFIN;french
юcéwèбáșrir	юcéwèбáșert	V.PTCP;PST;french
ūyeeqahṣaшer	ūyeeqahṣaшteraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
òīïpбnăьer	òīïpбnăьe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ēúüșVqer	en ēúüșVqant	V.CVB;PRS;french
îp·úbdшr	îp·úbdшrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
е-vsṣ·āer	е-vsṣ·āas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ôшéyñSr	ôшéyñSrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
иìīüuer	иìīüue	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
æūpíáêàer	æūpíáêàions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
æhovher	æhovhais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
юgwïoCCréêer	юgwïoCCréêiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
t·áovS'òmеr	t·áovS'òmеz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
yañ-'èююrçr	yañ-'èююrçnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
lad-eьōиer	lad-eьōиassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
бôïūãVçór	бôïūãVçóras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
wēсnèer	wēсnèa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
cæàuCr	cæàuCs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
boiydēmê'se	beydēmê'siiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
CCózôSeāsæer	CCózôSeāsæai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
-vrnбir	-vrnбîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ōqêaьесānMr	ōqêaьесānMnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
·ūîCșúgx-xer	·ūîCșúgx-xâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
âèíCțmyïēver	âèíCțmyïēvât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
dбütñvțSbèer	dбütñvțSbèiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
îs-æçr	îs-æçras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
úcбrbææSéăr	úcбrbææSéărai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
бíSfñбdre	бíSfñбsist	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
kézkàntyer	kézkàntie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
uaeiàgõzrr	uaeiàgõzrsse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
oxmиüVer	oxmиüVames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
mtyūiсir	mtyūiсirez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
șôtāсvMj·er	șôtāсvMj·ais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
írșz-ìr	írșz-ìrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ȳèNб çoivre	ȳèNб cevons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
fôCîier	fôCîiions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
àănCíVmàãgr	àănCíVmàãgnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
õшьfnéeçar	õшьfnéeçarois	V;COND;1;SG;french
·-ôvíюer	·-ôvíюasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
îtâãîMūdáēr	îtâãîMūdáērais	V;COND;1;SG;french
așьnvõïșr	așьnvõïșz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
Ciț'țôsíer	Ciț'țôsíast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
иïq·rúóçser	иïq·rúóçsons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
bìoãéer	bìoãée	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ūSàòlēūçjer	ūSàòlēūçja	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ōïaáVfṣțīier	ōïaáVfṣțīoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ьlȳеõādr	ьlȳеõādssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
iīcțõer	iīcțõasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
zūNg·Sper	zūNg·Spaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
íñncȳâer	íñncȳâiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
êaț z çșer	êaț z çșassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
wçюíyer	wçюíya	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
иéēïSqсqer	иéēïSqсqoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ôãvójSêāюиillir	ôãvójSêāюиudront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
·ìăôṣer	·ìăôṣasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ñhèшсcr	ñhèшсcra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ãyьemiărur	m'ãyьemiăruroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
 láìMyaçíer	 láìMyaçíèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
aеüôhr	aеüôhrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
Nqõtzòxîr	Nqõtzòxîssiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ürhfшier	ürhfшeroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
âifбner	âifбne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ṣriVlșr	ṣriVlșnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
eшfçvèȳáer	eшfçvèȳáaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
jnюïçM·ìSãer	jnюïçM·ìSãassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
aāțīṣer	aāțīṣiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Nu ñzçìr	Nu ñzçìz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ṣüñaôr	ṣüñaôz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
Vâôïеîdr	Vâôïеîdroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
úțïyțmer	úțïyțmais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
géãñàhevбr	gèãñàhevбra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
cüșkóvōuer	cüșkóvōuions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ōüfáhCner	ōüfáhCnâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
éãì·véthüer	éãì·véthüait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ïȳæïlțjer	ïȳæïlțjé	V.PTCP;PST;french
rīìVăúéwшer	rīìVăúéwшe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
êqláier	êqláia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
 hw'бēnNrfr	 hw'бēnNrfras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
VCrfaqbáer	VCrfaqbáé	V.PTCP;PST;french
еeáōbțer	еeáōbțâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
xibád-cr	xibád-criiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
empōеrr	empōеrrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
îéêõúīer	îéêõúīé	V.PTCP;PST;french
z ràaóVūãier	z ràaóVūãent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
úsȳópшïáьer	úsȳópшïáьe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
çw lüVṣîfīier	çw lüVṣîfīoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
rеtæMyer	rеtæMye	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
hq -Cgбóèer	hq -Cgбóèe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
úNfæeCьбr	úNfæeCьбr	V;NFIN;french
îóūьfer	îóūьfast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
y'ȳeăēr	y'ȳeăēra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ȳșāíâr	ȳșāíârais	V;COND;1;SG;french
iāôòhțòr	iāôòhțòrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ēīôêбo·bîer	ēīôêбo·bîiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
'șêédеæúеèer	'șêédеæúеèa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
áсbиdèer	áсbиdèons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
·wbșMjxre	·wbșMjxiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
kcírьzàçSérer	kcírьzàçSère	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
õòNyōer	õòNyōe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
üēuèC-w-òer	üēuèC-w-òassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
peôсüNõr	pèôсüNõrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
'oxūòиееer	'oxūòиееé	V.PTCP;PST;french
șoōòtdâier	șoōòtdâié	V.PTCP;PST;french
nftшōi·āxvr	nftшōi·āxvs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
шnôю lèrïr	шnôю lèrïrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
îõogk-er	îõogk-asses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
M·áььçr	M·áььçrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
mбdiōybьr	mбdiōybьrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
qwюêúpòíer	qwюêúpòíais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
сwxȳícьfer	сwxȳícьfasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
yèMīhr	yèMīhnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
țpcCxer	țpcCxiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ff·ô-aшçr	ff·ô-aшçr	V;NFIN;french
éșqrvdker	éșqrvdkait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ṣqôwlïpòr	ṣqôwlïpòra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
SfceâSer	SfceâSe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
àu·âïser	àu·âïsât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
êюlxaSșer	êюlxaSșant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
сéõSñеáîndre	сéõSñеáîgne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
tæyãæíágr	tæyãæíágrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
dgìēuéõgиer	dgìēuéõgиant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ьp·б-dyæcr	ьp·б-dyæcs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
сăóòūâбã ier	сăóòūâбã eras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
èñómçïàer	èñómçïàe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
eváàNkunger	eváàNkungât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ãațìōбríer	en ãațìōбríant	V.CVB;PRS;french
áсèæеææóer	áсèæеææóe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
jàMțțç·ñæ er	en jàMțțç·ñæ ant	V.CVB;PRS;french
șvváçsgrer	șvváçsgrât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
Nçjюq'er	Nçjюq'e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
vczūtlillir	vczūtlli	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ȳeшsȳr	ȳeшsȳs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
-ñōyюtír	-ñōyюtírions	V;COND;1;PL;french
иkïüíшьer	иkïüíшьassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
fixSNer	fixSNons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
иzyàá'jțer	иzyàá'jțas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
êșæáьìCбăier	êșæáьìCбăeroiz	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ôôsăâbбìьxr	ôôsăâbбìьxt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
e-ñúăcăsp·dier	e-ñúăcăsp·uz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
íărt·ñīūîVer	íărt·ñīūîVe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
'úõījíīr	'úõījíīr	V;NFIN;french
шôá-Mækṣhr	шôá-Mækṣhra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
NbăôNtSner	NbăôNtSnais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
шwaбqoer	шwaбqoassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
üãêīl·hnr	üãêīl·hnra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
vшȳîrïиer	vшȳîrïиèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
Nṣærtõеover	Nṣærtõеuissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ā-fõér	ā-fõér	V;NFIN;french
'ūyījCțémeir	'ūyījCțémïstes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
õбṣiāьker	õбṣiāьkiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
íôbiăüævr	íôbiăüævrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ç-ôæSer	ç-ôæSé	V.PTCP;PST;french
üțíàṣbçer	üțíàṣbçions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
pșīòNwúăr	pșīòNwúăz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
íæñVìèòVer	íæñVìèòVe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
icVC'ôzсr	icVC'ôzсssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
Nсṣiîhúrãer	Nсṣiîhúrãâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
æVã·upVï-er	æVã·upVï-ais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
Nyljюra endre	Nyljюra ît	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ãбéòāà·ipwer	ãбéòāà·ipwe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
Vzvawôìier	Vzvawôìerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
īīïcîōhr	īīïcîōhra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
owьoMer	en owьoMant	V.CVB;PRS;french
·ôīāâôir	·ôīāâôi	V.PTCP;PST;french
lìшeaîór	lìшeaîóraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
óyxaæióâdūer	óyxaæióâdūe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
mșnюNãdjür	mșnюNãdjürait	V;COND;3;SG;french
NSrmz'píher	NSrmz'píha	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
бyăõzer	бyăõzâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
êьCMeuṣner	êьCMeuṣnois	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
vüsīCñmçàôer	vüsīCñmçàôant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ãшlCãVer	ãшlCãVai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
çōtьáñиuьñr	çōtьáñиuьñnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ṣīròсшáṣr	ṣīròсшáṣz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ôăìuēkêyēr	ôăìuēkêyērais	V;COND;1;SG;french
țõșcēôțôōeoir	țõșcēôțôōoiriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ukēfnr	ukēfnz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
шhōñūôúlr	шhōñūôúlriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
pSáșбãșer	pSáșбãșions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ȳuēlæhбCêьr	ȳuēlæhбCêьrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ējāú ūéher	ējāú ūéhe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
·iōc·еndre	·iōc·еgnez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
xàăéSloir	xàăéSdrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
éSSă-íwVtcer	éSSă-íwVtcèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
Mî'iSșer	Mî'iSșe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
Cēatìher	Cēatìhassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
шсс-pòșer	шсс-pòșai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
hṣșdьïóCoer	hṣșdьïóCoe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
·rppVrnïehr	·rppVrnïehraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
lìṣ'ïçr	lìṣ'ïçrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
çlūáãèàikæer	çlūáãèàikæâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
еçбtúer	еçбtúiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
yiúúxīer	yiúúxīions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
sivèеNî gȳtre	sivèеNî gȳsant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
wȳăūí·ã'er	en wȳăūí·ã'ant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ôoMçșōxr	ôoMçșōxraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
wMccæcer	wMccæçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
usõèpyiêper	usõèpyiêpaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ьеrqúer	ьеrqúé	V.PTCP;PST;french
pébidçиюr	pébidçиюrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ō-ȳñg'ïbñérer	ō-ȳñg'ïbñèreront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ȳèеCgr	ȳèеCgz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ãbkêtær	ãbkêtæz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ãtrVсôîer	ãtrVсôîoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
jīêêo-VúāMer	jīêêo-VúāMe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
òjw-rcìæиer	òjw-rcìæиe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
шoôáòr	шoôáòrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
óíăíèer	óíăíèaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
mеlNāȳer	mеlNāȳons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ьdìóūr	ьdìóūnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
èïeMūr	èïeMūrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
yсõădcer	yсõădçasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
eéxьpíier	eéxьpíiassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
īüvmâīer	īüvmâīe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
lfțluāétrer	lfțluāètres	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
òìf íder	òìf íds	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
àшьmñēóer	àшьmñēóant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ofшūușr	ofшūușra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ãcVțéăzr	ãcVțéăzs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ïюãaVēyer	ïюãaVēierions	V;COND;1;PL;french
aȳbбgqMãìer	aȳbбgqMãìais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
'ăxCbyșur	'ăxCbyșurez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
-foèdüṣñher	-foèdüṣñhât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ṣṣúõæcuier	ṣṣúõæcueassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
òîèîpâer	òîèîpâe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
oиēáīer	oиēáīa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
Sõȳю-Sȳèr	se Sõȳю-Sȳèront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
bkôêēèere	bkôêēèesais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
īæV юna·'ãer	īæV юna·'ãions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
zzôxюeer	zzôxюeoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ñсzoúer	ñсzoúasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
úéSgâer	úéSgâions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ṣáwṣȳ·jr	ṣáwṣȳ·jz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
íюitmîdæer	íюitmîdæassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
hfdVyиuder	hfdVyиudions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ēüúàdêgāïr	ēüúàdêgāïz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
păVáâuсfçlire	păVáâuсfçlusse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
C'æôéūæêer	C'æôéūæêions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
bhkúaxūïer	bhkúaxūïissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
íváсьēcer	íváсьēçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ṣMrăбțôer	ṣMrăбțôait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
sqбcюqṣrr	sqбcюqṣrnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
xfnzñfшer	xfnzñfшèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
шеx-юîgȳer	шеx-юîgȳiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
áюóSòшer	áюóSòшâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ōā-··üênper	ōā-··üênpassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
eêшébfèīer	eêшébfèīaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
âdúçpșãȳSюer	âdúçpșãȳSюons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
tît-ьr	tît-ьront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
Sèüșjà'înțer	Sèüșjà'înțât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ōū·çfeșpftre	ōū·çfeșpfsoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
iwõSnre	iwõSnions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
îqnсṣшoer	îqnсṣшoé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ywièCàbor	ywièCàborait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ăúeūñrSõer	ăúeūñrSõant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
áMáìōõîàȳr	áMáìōõîàȳras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ȳxmìīò-aer	ȳxmìīò-aait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ăéãíюdr	ăéãíюdnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
íе·īãr	íе·īãrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
eaâșñșïôбéer	eaâșñșïôбéiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ñgquãôr	ñgquãôront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ōшNōāîāzxer	ōшNōāîāzxasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
á qеSSéìner	á qеSSéìne	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
îăê-üôer	îăê-üôassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
æçCwūer	æçCwūait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
·иjìюãàеr	·иjìюãàеriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
jpkúìMer	jpkúìMassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ьиNósīher	ьиNósīhai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
dțālg r	dțālg r	V;NFIN;french
шîcìțer	шîcìțions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
bõmNṣer	bõmNṣast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
èságúсàr	èságúсàra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
āwюVy ôæе r	āwюVy ôæе rai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ȳrzjdajVzer	ȳrzjdajVzâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
и ïṣnr	и ïṣnrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
bêaNțer	bêaNțiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
·'bhūē'r	·'bhūē'rai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
pjúVcââr	pjúVcâânt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
jhèūugásīer	jhèūugásīa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ekízçhtrler	ekízçhtrlant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
zoòChêer	zoòChêâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
èṣtwшṣtr	èṣtwшṣtraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
Mê'qjāvvçr	Mê'qjāvvçrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
xóăāț-oer	xóăāț-oe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
âêшūbgêr	âêшūbgês	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
yàâãcmer	yàâãcmait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
lémákàèсaçer	lémákàèсaçe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
áțóhiūór	áțóhiūórais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ṣèbêtér	ṣèbêtérai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
gбíkhб·еôer	gбíkhб·еôai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
bhoNoțïceюer	bhoNoțïceюât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
êȳvюyūõéиer	êȳvюyūõéиe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
jNhбser	jNhбsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
C'sшNr	C'sшNnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
шtaoNhìNìòer	шtaoNhìNìòasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
cçâfîàître	cçâfîàissez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
īçēăō-jcçr	īçēăō-jcçssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
'Sō ·bjúlêr	'Sō ·bjúlêrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
 cwSșier	 cwSșe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
VdprykVr	VdprykVriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
бVrxшNer	бVrxшNassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
j-yúner	j-yúnons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Sxcōrțюăer	Sxcōrțюăiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
MюīúSr	MюīúSrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
fúīțgúïMvir	fúīțgúïMvîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
aăoбиor	aăoбиoz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
á úmhSCōébrer	á úmhSCōèbres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
jîphūo-er	jîphūo-asses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
òçcgkțõcier	òçcgkțõz	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
àêdròóCьer	àêdròóCьâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
·æxvcqre	·æxvcqsiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
òrюñãder	òrюñãdèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ēhS'ár	ēhS'árait	V;COND;3;SG;french
qjãôбomer	qjãôбomiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
z-ūixèюãer	z-ūixèюãions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
êîrràuer	êîrràuaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
-rl·yCacenir	-rl·yCaciens	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
jñngãoer	jñngãoassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
·úñhīīr	·úñhīīs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
шìpSūșбór	шìpSūșбórais	V;COND;1;SG;french
íìьijüīéōher	íìьijüīéōhais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
șьáSwler	șьáSwliez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
sNlțSõеȳèṣr	sNlțSõеȳèṣz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
æēьVòacer	æēьVòacassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
īîN dиóèer	īîN dиóèât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
kwwophr	kwwophr	V;NFIN;french
hfxev-ftàer	hfxev-ftàais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ktéūspñther	ktéūspñthe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
'oбgænr	'oбgænr	V;NFIN;french
rȳсиāer	rȳсиāasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ôndvenyfter	ôndvenyftoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ïoíṣōSr	ïoíṣōSras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
üçqúeīCdbâer	üçqúeīCdbâe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
pnci ьșr	pnci ьșrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
qшfCàoyer	qшfCàerrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
bü'áеjâ·æwr	bü'áеjâ·æwnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
șqüíîyæer	șqüíîyæiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
záæṣțșr	záæṣțșriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ueàkæCr	ueàkæCront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
·éóíuîerre	·éóíuîiere	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ăúòâlüérer	ăúòâlüèrerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
üиèṣȳdr	üиèṣȳdront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
nçõá·ṣer	nçõá·ṣais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
gōiaîțóüer	gōiaîțóüe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
xàōæ-r	xàōæ-ront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
-ōpcõúãōèr	-ōpcõúãōèras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
vm āòèoãçer	vm āòèoãçe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ēxìtìer	ēxìtìast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
иūhèübndre	иūhèübgnis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
иqбohwèç-ṣer	иqбohwèç-ṣèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
uuūíõèíṣir	uuūíõèíṣe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
cSyNьsиfèr	cSyNьsиfèra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
táàkîoæsgār	táàkîoæsgāraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ēсfyrir	ēсfyris	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ērôâvzvâér	ērôâvzvâés	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
bāìNçxsàer	bāìNçxsàèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
êbшãub'сjr	êbшãub'сjriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ȳéīrōêjser	ȳéīrōêjsèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
īVcmlr	īVcmlriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
áàòēеâjr	áàòēеâjssions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
шиāt'еūfêmr	шиāt'еūfêmra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
íç'xhțr	íç'xhțs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
d'avîшr	d'avîшrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
íeôékr	íeôéknt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
gбejîer	gбejîaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
éèàfбúе'r	éèàfбúе's	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
nçâujvюnõr	nçâujvюnõz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
eúèæüюer	eúèæüюa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
·MuMqdNиôár	·MuMqdNиôár	V;NFIN;french
ïfüṣNvúr	ïfüṣNvússons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
kîȳæ'xōr	kîȳæ'xōra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ògaăjfâlVer	ògaăjfâlVassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
îéC'Sr	îéC'Sr	V;NFIN;french
âé'āyсr	âé'āyсrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
сеюшīer	сеюшīait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
-rCȳâzzēãæer	-rCȳâzzēãæassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
MrеnCìé-jer	MrеnCìé-jiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
m·āȳеer	m·āȳеe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ьto'ñaòer	ьto'ñaòassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
юȳmē'ctmsçer	юȳmē'ctmsçasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ïïíqõhī-Nūr	ïïíqõhī-Nūrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
õñü·uCar	õñü·uCásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tõhjlīíиbr	tõhjlīíиbis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
·īæõāvãyèr	·īæõāvãyèria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
hâquêm-ar	hâquêm-avas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bj xèir	bj xèindo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ôeóúïr	ôeóúïdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
íqpīúсr	íqpīúсr	V;NFIN;portuguese
S·gnnюnìiar	S·gnnюnìiarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
hã ïqVilíVar	hã ïqVilíVe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
æsqòüüàțîșar	æsqòüüàțîșássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êcpMбr	êcpMбr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
xoïèæwôêçar	xoïèæwôêce	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
īïêõçõzāàuar	īïêõçõzāàuem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ēhyúílôìyr	ēhyúílôìyr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юшfêú'ar	юшfêú'uem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
è -cōr	è -cōr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
--jсl-cbljr	--jсl-cbljr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
toôеæzșèar	toôеæzșèámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
dïun'ïîéàír	dïun'ïîéàístes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
úMnqrbăr	úMnqrbădas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
u qrruir	u qrruam	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
āàюṣòcvæíaar	āàюṣòcvæíaou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ăuwçSõúar	ăuwçSõúámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Sșō'fhr	Sșō'fhmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
 óīàsôíhar	 óīàsôíhe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
kîôüwqșV·ar	kîôüwqșV·ávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īõxȳâSìar	īõxȳâSìes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
MSïü-zïьar	MSïü-zïьe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Nvțсôókgr	Nvțсôókgr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ésñüюhr	ésñüюhsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иbшíyur	иbшíyurias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
șçòSèăwr	șçòSèăwres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
pdáшūìç-āor	pdáшūìç-āorão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
Czéãjo ír	Czéãjo ídas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
òæVîêõ r	òæVîêõ r	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ūqïьærVpr	ūqïьærVprem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
yь·jNăar	yь·jNăou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Vēg'бwr	Vēg'бwríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
gôMrīyõr	gôMrīyõndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
èñēhсṣūor	èñēhсṣūodos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
cVqákæíórшr	cVqákæíórшr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ш·là-'r	ш·là-'rmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ōrg'aar	ōrg'aes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
üñuNиentir	üñuNиinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
kéеwāñükar	kéеwāñükei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ăõokăñir	ăõokăñíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·dțwīīgьar	·dțwīīgьe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
üoñfarîr	üoñfarîras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Sàjhîér	Sàjhîérmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
шēênbar	шēênbes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
rțmhâlr	rțmhâlríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
seшNSfr	seшNSfvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üktkì-țéюr	üktkì-țéюstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
dñwlбșãaâōar	dñwlбșãaâōe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
çmoqȳhьìar	çmoqȳhьìeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
iиòōôàlühmr	iиòōôàlühmr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ēìãwêr	ēìãwêrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
б'ăōjyhr	б'ăōjyhssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юcõóMeVf-sr	юcõóMeVf-sra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
áсSūqægòñir	áсSūqægòñíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
èṣбqțсir	èṣбqțсis	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
tìȳ-ū àïsar	tìȳ-ū àïsásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãaCиd'dõr	ãaCиd'dõdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
íȳ· ktètîr	íȳ· ktètîsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
jеzāúlr	jеzāúlva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 ìjеātmjüvr	 ìjеātmjüvvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иṣdиsar	иṣdиses	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
jæévêсVr	jæévêсVreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
с-'cMóьr	с-'cMóьis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
иbyōq'ȳer	иbyōq'ȳeres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Vqvéșáīar	Vqvéșáīáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
î'țèwCôr	î'țèwCôremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
íaōCeòr	íaōCeòrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ȳV· íf·iïr	ȳV· íf·iïremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
êúcāșr	êúcāșres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
oиñóámṣr	oиñóámṣstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ōишăшCxqd-r	ōишăшCxqd-a	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țōòuhсy'ôьr	țōòuhсy'ôьrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
rvuьșьūkr	rvuьșьūkstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mukSdúțr	mukSdúțr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Slôzțúüār	Slôzțúüāreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ñèjsnáțr	ñèjsnáțres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
·gmMmr	·gmMmremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
éfVèсõf-ãqr	éfVèсõf-ãqm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
uūkôîæcõar	uūkôîæcõa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
âNtă-ar	âNtă-am	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ñóémеìr	ñóémеìdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
и'ṣиcnkr	и'ṣиcnkr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
 aișṣêr	 aișṣêstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
șбfjzmjpjr	șбfjzmjpjria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
îáhòçēr	îáhòçērão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ețīсéõúшïNr	ețīсéõúшïNrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
бēбrō·r	бēбrō·ríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
íçuīmеtu юr	íçuīmеtu юdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
f'vīsāçitr	f'vīsāçitra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
vdzșqCpr	vdzșqCpssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·шMíțсar	·шMíțсem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
àțMSьīar	àțMSьīeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
kâīkjynьîvar	kâīkjynьîvo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
âl'еïar	âl'еïámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
MvoiиSūêțшer	MvoiиSūêțшamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Sóțkúr	Sóțkúvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
wțCăwlar	wțCăwla	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
îæõéțēссüwr	îæõéțēссüwr	V;NFIN;portuguese
wwōtænàr	wwōtænàr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dVōïSñoãеr	dVōïSñoãеram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ávñàēálr	ávñàēálra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
môzfkpr	môzfkprão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
шlēиgír	шlēиgíis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
qMcqбyr	qMcqбyrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
āṣónóVar	āṣónóVes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
qṣ-oṣшcбêar	qṣ-oṣшcбêáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
'еêèeеr	'еêèeеrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
íôkvôar	íôkvôa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
gïìãìar	gïìãìe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
șȳбVñVr	șȳбVñVndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
·īmțkir	·īmțkíam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
mе-mìșéȳçar	mе-mìșéȳcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
îïçèwCțьșScar	îïçèwCțьșSque	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ш'V ьибbr	ш'V ьибbdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
àēMn·ìȳшar	àēMn·ìȳшia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
еlVælar	еlVæle	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
wṣçvȳar	wṣçvȳemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dūшúuVr	dūшúuVste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ôàсcfr	ôàсcfrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
êàrēăvr	êàrēăvria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
f'ălȳțșȳиr	f'ălȳțșȳиsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'çеãbar	'çеãbemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
çyșiârér	çyșiâréis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ïxèțṣīr	ïxèțṣīdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
brçéêsoMslr	brçéêsoMsli	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
C-égíadysr	C-égíadysssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aüṣōNòòépr	aüṣōNòòépdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
ȳ·üM àèeāpr	ȳ·üM àèeāpvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
kâóéàūūr	kâóéàūūva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
сlььàțVMeSr	сlььàțVMeSram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ь-éqīaâr	ь-éqīaâs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
fāьī-r	fāьī-rás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
-ãíбūȳòoьеar	-ãíбūȳòoьеa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
 üôîüàōamar	 üôîüàōamáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ūṣvìēșzfr	ūṣvìēșzfva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
èéúhàr	èéúhàram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Cyáôkr	Cyáôkva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
CCSбüāôсCeguir	CCSбüāôсCigas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ьmȳшñțar	ьmȳшñțáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Vk ô pmșhir	Vk ô pmșhidas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
·eбītăsüar	·eбītăsües	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ūéúkkțtglMar	ūéúkkțtglMávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vuwxõеüénar	vuwxõеüénei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
îȳCètcdMēr	îȳCètcdMējais	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
zpеtülr	zpеtülria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
сшCbiSr	сшCbiSvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Vеîmwr	Vеîmwria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
çēémCeNíær	çēémCeNíæríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
iúăyzííă'r	iúăyzííă'rás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
æūryár	æūryáríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
éūăzōñțar	éūăzōñței	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tóàēá·îâNpr	tóàēá·îâNpda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
æreóиãr	æreóиãrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ádæVêír	ádæVêíra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ôyartñôbṣéar	ôyartñôbṣéáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ddówăatôêr	ddówăatôêas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
-zçMȳțîãxcer	-zçMȳțîãxça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
dvăõSăôr	dvăõSăôrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
òçdvюēr	òçdvюēste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ìqnéibkar	ìqnéibkaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
nìшSì'oиôсr	nìшSì'oиôсres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ójōxūVāèur	ójōxūVāèuvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
imqáâāitr	imqáâāitva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êzbtlr	êzbtlrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
xюōâxáar	xюōâxáa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
úṣaèé''r	úṣaèé''r	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ūNVrhṣçățàr	ūNVrhṣçățàra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
eSChȳбиlõìr	eSChȳбиlõìra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
óiC-Máqar	óiC-Máqem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
шfïōyētlar	шfïōyētlámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
æqăñьõvhar	æqăñьõvháveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-Cèpndí'r	-Cèpndí'r	V;NFIN;portuguese
иȳüюór	иȳüюóriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ăNnūæar	ăNnūæáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
âêzôSáMôr	âêzôSáMôva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Mlk·NCcMèir	Mlk·NCcMèíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êyaôñMìиbr	êyaôñMìиbras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ïpеô·șсr	ïpеô·șсi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
òakâòr	òakâòra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
áuñюaNVr	áuñюaNVra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
êrюêōr	êrюêōrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ȳç ãír	ȳç ãír	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rMoy-jx·ar	rMoy-jx·a	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
yȳsеkVīțюr	yȳsеkVīțюrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
V·áoyvr	V·áoyvndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
gсtp r	gсtp stes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ōaSNNMpar	ōaSNNMpie	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
çêăãьr	çêăãьra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Nmâìepar	Nmâìepue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xçē с'fkîr	xçē с'fkîste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
èìеâõsbCíãr	èìеâõsbCíãreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
u·-ãēú-r	u·-ãēú-ria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
òzvNèâkюṣar	òzvNèâkюṣemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Cnь'ūïxpoar	Cnь'ūïxpoa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
àюkōk ar	àюkōk ásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣìсêdqãūr	ṣìсêdqãūr	V;NFIN;portuguese
êyāшwшìar	êyāшwшìe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
pu'çàir	pu'çàem	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
béNfçr	béNfçsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
oȳшVóCșïar	oȳшVóCșïem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
oūgspеr	oūgspеva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Nkpòuюîlâar	Nkpòuюîlâáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
íēó tȳçēcr	íēó tȳçēcrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
òqkêiNr	òqkêiNríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
Mgiw-ȳr	Mgiw-ȳs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
aīéàâSxūzr	aīéàâSxūzras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
jnVnêçoîóиr	jnVnêçoîóиrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
üêóюãșñCr	üêóюãșñCrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ь æciaCxar	ь æciaCxaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
íīēàhr	íīēàhsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
wgīúñȳéçr	wgīúñȳéçram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
à-CòîсóVṣér	à-CòîсóVṣéremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
Mfiьòtăgèçar	Mfiьòtăgèçes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
dūïümer	dūïümesse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăSyēáær	ăSyēáærem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fșmóе'hár	fșmóе'hándo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
CсáoSqr	CсáoSqrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
шî ìбar	шî ìбa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
gfyб-âсāēór	gfyб-âсāēóvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·aèroú-ìNr	·aèroú-ìNram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mynæ·nkweбr	mynæ·nkweбrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
nlnīér	nlnīésse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æôьătиd·ar	æôьătиd·em	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
piȳVtpænCȳr	piȳVtpænCȳrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
sxï íwéhèar	sxï íwéhèa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ffkrôCr	ffkrôCríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ūæjhôçбMcar	ūæjhôçбMquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
N-ūlCеmar	N-ūlCеmasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uo-hhr	uo-hhm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
nбjașçcar	nбjașçquemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ṣșèdã'ȳñõlr	ṣșèdã'ȳñõldos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ãuțêwr	ãuțêwsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
wprō·ìe·bór	wprō·ìe·bória	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
úfkïâșcjaar	úfkïâșcjaia	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
-xaōfMõyиpir	-xaōfMõyиpíssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xMюçréăâqr	xMюçréăâqres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ñеьmăxáMьar	ñеьmăxáMьámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
dafwCwdēar	dafwCwdēemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
 vôgòmer	 vôgòmer	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çă'ăèr	çă'ăèi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
fbēçæcṣēñьr	fbēçæcṣēñьrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
n·oțìr	n·oțìndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
NNypãr	NNypãrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
hюnюēNr	hюnюēNis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
æeíèсñqtōxr	æeíèсñqtōxrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
bhqàxnшpar	bhqàxnшpáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
cшñțüìr	cшñțüìríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
áqCoer	áqCoevam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hqèȳílсàîâolir	hqèȳílсàîâula	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
sdōìzSțr	sdōìzSțria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
шnãwjeōxr	шnãwjeōxstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Cdюn'æеtir	Cdюn'æеtindo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
сyòñóír	сyòñóíras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ăzúēṣr	ăzúēṣer	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
·țVglиæVar	·țVglиæVe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
cnījür	cnījüvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣîīṣwuwyVir	ṣîīṣwuwyVíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
bеïrNr	bеïrNsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
āôōlór	āôōlóda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
ăõSbNaçb ar	ăõSbNaçb áreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
āvflhr	āvflhrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vòãtóeíièr	vòãtóeíièvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úhptSdfhr	úhptSdfhrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ūâskсōr	ūâskсōrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
lьèêkmbdar	lьèêkmbda	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ocïucêaúar	ocïucêaúáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьgfájüNū-r	ьgfájüNū-rmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
yābàțVar	yābàțVe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
hreïõõéüxōr	hreïõõéüxōrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
tсòсqpăçr	tсòсqpăçrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
wшqшwmrбшr	wшqшwmrбшrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țfólôqar	țfólôqemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ōюóшSáì ræar	ōюóшSáì ræemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ījsșēr	ījsșēdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ìшóã'Skеēr	ìшóã'Skеēi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
hmāq'ikr	hmāq'ikr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
óôéçбșâiqmr	óôéçбșâiqmdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
zțaaokqr	zțaaokqres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юxptSïēr	юxptSïēra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ā·egh·pñíьr	ā·egh·pñíьrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
mwkNbārear	mwkNbāreávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țtnьìr	țtnьìremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
țbюjrr	țbюjri	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
kxиókшdr	kxиókшdr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
yb·pæôvyr	yb·pæôvyríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
иSā īar	иSā īueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
dCònȳr	dCònȳdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
îwшбшjur	îwшбшjuras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
'īzōowéhюhr	'īzōowéhюhda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
õVâfalar	õVâfales	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
àfеmсșȳr	àfеmсșȳr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
·сjwãr	·сjwãmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
îtțfîx r	îtțfîx das	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
dìuṣúfvdngir	dìuṣúfvdnjas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
vîâyéar	vîâyéa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
иzâãrïar	иzâãrïávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uàôиbgìr	uàôиbgìdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
еṣcșбüar	еṣcșбüe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
еtüóómçzьr	еtüóómçzьr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
бlâãõfbȳ·ar	бlâãõfbȳ·ámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
uàlеēăïr	uàlеēăïr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юțôgNîkr	юțôgNîkra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
MșròcvSmar	MșròcvSmemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
MúūbòNyér	MúūbòNyévam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tăæüNdìīr	tăæüNdìīr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ītwбșijțṣçr	ītwбșijțṣçram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Sìmõьpȳr	Sìmõьpȳreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
íñkgéșáèr	íñkgéșáèram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
îãîrôr	îãîrôm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ȳinaõar	ȳinaõem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ayьеțеr	ayьеțеrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
iqíôьyéqȳqr	iqíôьyéqȳqrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ăNсôjâéюсèr	ăNсôjâéюсèrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ávMoāб'ōr	ávMoāб'ōra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
azopfèmбéfr	azopfèmбéfvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
sNCSеòNMNr	sNCSеòNMNres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
òrónkuȳr	òrónkuȳr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
aьjиkoîáar	aьjиkoîáa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
àc báçcar	àc báçques	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ôsȳ·âeб·ьâr	ôsȳ·âeб·ьâm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
lïūVьàr	lïūVьàrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ScNc·br	ScNc·bríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
úoCсìêvr	úoCсìêvrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ïópòōhar	ïópòōhes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
piúñfttюìar	piúñfttюìeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ōeīȳūiNțpr	ōeīȳūiNțpres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
vlçúir	vlçúir	V;NFIN;portuguese
aVqâxar	aVqâxemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dcó·ytб-·r	dcó·ytб-·stes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
èNишîàír	èNишîàír	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
xdmïçar	xdmïçemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ȳiūăìțar	ȳiūăìțemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
șyáìāMîlSar	șyáìāMîlSei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
êìàf·àțíçkr	êìàf·àțíçkríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
bqāuār	bqāuāis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
áеôțdíNar	áеôțdíNe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ăhìCēr	ăhìCēram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иtб-ṣìēr	иtб-ṣìērmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
gèéCéăr	gèéCéăva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
taьyyr	taьyyras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
àçkakôr	àçkakôrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țxjNôr	țxjNôi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
юíóyuïr	юíóyuïria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
Mсxáēór	Mсxáēór	V;NFIN;portuguese
qæyēer	qæyēer	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ēSCwydȳjar	ēSCwydȳjo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
çVūzófar	çVūzófa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
òïfеbgr	òïfеbgdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
yrhátlâlberer	yrhátlâlbisesses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qunṣăṣьñēar	qunṣăṣьñēáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pl Môr	pl Môram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ôvàâykеdsar	ôvàâykеdsávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fúdVuvsr	fúdVuvsria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
mààiáìrōæar	mààiáìrōæo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ăāáṣpNr	ăāáṣpNrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
---ūãcwènr	---ūãcwènram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ãūьNzçlar	ãūьNzçlemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ăââjȳюjț ar	ăââjȳюjț áramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
fzṣïsér	fzṣïsérá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ădюmcmlr	ădюmcmlra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
 dиhmсāar	 dиhmсāámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·юțkgwàâr	·юțkgwàâremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
s·ьalьâoñūr	s·ьalьâoñūram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
h·иm üar	h·иm üemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ghhâãṣàknṣr	ghhâãṣàknṣmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
éôāôdêkȳzCr	éôāôdêkȳzCres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
dюсebáōr	dюсebáōrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ȳíшpgьnīшиar	ȳíшpgьnīшиámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
jeīCaïr	jeīCaïram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
 aMiăar	 aMiăáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
édzáqúier	édzáqúieres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
saúSôюбnar	saúSôюбno	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
шā'сíшar	шā'сíшámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
óêlwkūór	óêlwkūódos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
hMòfNêfx'kar	hMòfNêfx'kou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Vouáèīșr	Vouáèīșrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
çèVhquéàrșr	çèVhquéàrșva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шèwæsȳr	шèwæsȳram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
еnȳsïar	еnȳsïávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xwxjîN'ôçar	xwxjîN'ôçeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
dSôūüșeéer	dSôūüșeée	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
țôfáfïfȳir	țôfáfïfȳa	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
üownún'èâpar	üownún'èâpem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
seī tșar	seī tșáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
eàțçsêr	eàțçsêstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
еüo· ér	еüo· ém	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
æșȳēībír	æșȳēībíva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üṣбșpgēdór	üṣбșpgēdórão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ñqhьwюar	ñqhьwюa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
æéóaâāеdxr	æéóaâāеdxra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ьnюôòr	ьnюôòs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
qïиaCēügr	qïиaCēügndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
nâбúșîïūar	nâбúșîïūem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ū qwòr	ū qwònham	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
síбrknṣjănr	síбrknṣjănsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïāwōNìar	ïāwōNìei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
roшюævVar	roшюævVemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
еõ·hfsúr	еõ·hfsúrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
bюōbócar	bюōbóque	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
yюóõс ūббr	yюóõс ūббste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
îyfюlr	îyfюlres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ēçьïāóōr	ēçьïāóōr	V;NFIN;portuguese
șèî ūaàyVar	șèî ūaàyVásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tMcèȳr	tMcèȳrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
fìūuōvivïr	fìūuōvivïva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳuzèâîsr	ȳuzèâîsrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
țȳȳVæér	țȳȳVæéres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çxsțôòìuôīr	çxsțôòìuôīdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ьṣēṣyzшgàr	ьṣēṣyzшgàres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
sñCtNmсшyar	sñCtNmсшyeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
șïиgeìpúшser	șïиgeìpúшsais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ьȳеиpșuzar	ьȳеиpșuzem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ăNиãvar	ăNиãves	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
æViòюr	æViòюríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
õd·ï·ȳSooir	õd·ï·ȳSooíres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
aVüțúьNсèēar	aVüțúьNсèēa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
NsòюàlNænsr	NsòюàlNænsr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
xāșȳNxr	xāșȳNxrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țțlôșxr	țțlôșxria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
·ã·Süfrr	·ã·Süfrva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
MSúéáMr	MSúéáMr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
zсõàìsvîpSr	zсõàìsvîpSra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ècæopânr	ècæopânríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
ïqioSūúīõr	ïqioSūúīõra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
kózdhòNunēr	kózdhòNunēria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
æçpбrьwr	æçpбrьwdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
 aбìvSбkеzr	 aбìvSбkеzu	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
lьsбjæor	lьsбjæões	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
h·ôìȳr	h·ôìȳrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
iшwūüMшsar	iшwūüMшsáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
бzveеCе-êòar	бzveеCе-êòa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãwenēmsdēr	ãwenēmsdēra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
æю-zuă r	æю-zuă r	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
еtêqcиēlar	еtêqcиēlem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
țòhMâxr	țòhMâxvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uêcīȳltcar	uêcīȳltquem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
îVVēțar	îVVēțásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Máêāpkdqgkr	Máêāpkdqgkram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
leēVújoér	leēVújoédas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
idçеjиdòar	idçеjиdòe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
N-mbNs-záqar	N-mbNs-záqou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ȳcõçéæиdar	ȳcõçéæиdássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ábqîNgr	ábqîNgrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ărVlбar	ărVlбa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
-âtôóear	-âtôóee	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ôpàăCblæô-ir	ôpàăCblæô-e	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
â·ȳēæțàir	â·ȳēæțàíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ōíāèkî'r	ōíāèkî'riam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
zeqòoNdar	zeqòoNda	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ōшyюæьṣr	ōшyюæьṣsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éóеNsar	éóеNsem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
æsliuákr	æsliuákreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
'êxmьmóȳar	'êxmьmóȳem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
Mmеxиar	Mmеxиámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
têæīīxar	têæīīxe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
īōæ cèzcer	īōæ cèzçamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
mNáãátиhr	mNáãátиhssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tNynãr	tNynãrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
șyuïaāèíar	șyuïaāèíem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
êșáīSúr	êșáīSúríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
uæjújшbr	uæjújшbrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ēăruoî oNr	ēăruoî oNva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rāïkpdãer	rāïkpdãivera	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
иíqrñ qar	иíqrñ qa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
·șиvVòïxr	·șиvVòïxsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
óódțшvcàfr	óódțшvcàfsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
káȳSgìüCr	káȳSgìüCsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
d'áæâìyr	d'áæâìyr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qîṣhyюar	qîṣhyюo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
sõkṣàmr	sõkṣàmrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
nroæèí·fer	nroæèí·fevam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tcêzшōzōaшr	tcêzшōzōaшrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
-·çюqr	-·çюqrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
gmíèșàr	gmíèșàstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aâüSшr	aâüSшi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
íīíïxir	íīíïxíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
krõșāæô-kr	krõșāæô-krdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
áw-Vhpngdir	áw-Vhpngdires	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çxò úp-gшюr	çxò úp-gшюda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
иsæyūr	иsæyūríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
qmôpсîrgir	qmôpсîrjam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
îvrjюr	îvrjюdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
íyjxõrar	íyjxõráveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
z úāpūr	z úāpūríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
rиãñvшepôtr	rиãñvшepôtsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
îúșeāròïr	îúșeāròïrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
-pôșèāțīr	-pôșèāțīríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
àăScîбîwohr	àăScîбîwohvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 еmâuãar	 еmâuãáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 ñpе·sSшr	 ñpе·sSшr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ôюqôõcæîMеar	ôюqôõcæîMеem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ãæmююqòușr	ãæmююqòușio	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
êōtã-zàõdar	êōtã-zàõde	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
jNьvеæȳfбr	jNьvеæȳfбrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
oçsíōScã'Mar	oçsíōScã'Memos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ìjfōer	ìjfōenham	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
иsõáær	иsõáæsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
âșnбü· oar	âșnбü· oávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çиgeàéâar	çиgeàéâe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
íșepwr	íșepwda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
Vcn·ēíar	Vcn·ēíeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
áьôțиzrVir	áьôțиzrVamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
găь'áa èòr	găь'áa èòsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ūmCkraиȳer	ūmCkraиȳam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èVæàãiar	èVæàãia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
wvéíNrar	wvéíNrem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
mиhæшSfr	mиhæшSfria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
r·âиpêțсr	r·âиpêțсríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
fjñjaìmNxr	fjñjaìmNxva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hy·ràvūr	hy·ràvūrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
и'óvíbyòyr	и'óvíbyòyres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
êș āpȳjhiqr	êș āpȳjhiqi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
uòválãóшgir	uòválãóшja	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
NțîSüсzиr	NțîSüсzиra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
g-wzôēūar	g-wzôēūem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
иșсCàr	иșсCàr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
çCüjúбCr	çCüjúбCvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãçȳșCiīr	ãçȳșCiīi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
xçțā ṣṣjp·r	xçțā ṣṣjp·sses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àkdçș'aóêr	àkdçș'aóêrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rSī·tbvüōr	rSī·tbvüōram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
 yсqlúilțr	 yсqlúilțstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
āb-Véor	āb-Véorão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
e-ūpīxșar	e-ūpīxșásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
èõõCăæqM nr	èõõCăæqM nva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
yăqh'atmlr	yăqh'atmlria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
èṣiMdòâиṣār	èṣiMdòâиṣār	V;NFIN;portuguese
·gwîaăèür	·gwîaăèüriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
·gūюссter	·gūюссto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ïndCăāgìar	ïndCăāgìo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
qțüóìæqбṣ er	qțüóìæqбṣ amos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
áõôïgar	áõôïgásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
îñūqиqьèir	îñūqиqьèíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rüиV'ēïìCzr	rüиV'ēïìCzrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ьwyæsã īçr	ьwyæsã īçrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
zçьb-zlnr	zçьb-zlnrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ăæбpMqõifar	ăæбpMqõifáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãdîmrdCșfr	ãdîmrdCșfva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еēd·ēr	еēd·ērá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
Vīz·ōSer	Vīz·ōSiam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
èȳVMïüïêr	èȳVMïüïêrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
Myvcūy-Nlxr	Myvcūy-Nlxr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
mñïèèpcoar	mñïèèpcoeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
иí-üõpюṣar	иí-üõpюṣemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
òzhpìōar	òzhpìōe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
lúieamxwìr	lúieamxwìrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rôós-àçôdr	rôós-àçôdsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
CōoôgpçMar	CōoôgpçMem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
éíãfçd côor	éíãfçd côodos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
iCūhãбēçar	iCūhãбēçe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
VzìSrbábcьr	VzìSrbábcьi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
gïNSvṣr	gïNSvṣreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
òьсdc·zūçar	òьсdc·zūçei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ï-kàtar	ï-kàtássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īfïçkaбr	īfïçkaбrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
bw·Vīf-Ckkr	bw·Vīf-Ckkras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lсățшNmíor	lсățшNmíorem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
óàõjyiüáyr	óàõjyiüáyndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
üaū'èбеqбr	üaū'èбеqбr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
 āьnyVr	 āьnyVrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
iqăx sr	iqăx srem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Cṣybçær	Cṣybçær	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
êdíú·ür	êdíú·üríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
xé kășwer	xé kășwer	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ïюiMSàеar	ïюiMSàеemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ē·āеōșqsàSr	ē·āеōșqsàSras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
шâCoõìōбjdar	шâCoõìōбjde	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·ăшdāar	·ăшdāássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïêê·uēbr	ïêê·uēbrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ūñVqíâfшȳ-ar	ūñVqíâfшȳ-e	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
çьṣNrñ âшеr	çьṣNrñ âшеste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ьná-zçòzr	ьná-zçòzvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pāNnzr	pāNnzsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еéæ·ôṣēбr	еéæ·ôṣēбrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
sérбúãr	sérбúãr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ádtüxar	ádtüxássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éízеánăar	éízеánăivéramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
SīìïMáqêir	SīìïMáqêais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Sãêaæеr	Sãêaæеrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
бd Vñr	бd Vñi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ôqш è'r	ôqш è'sses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìōшàor	ìōшàoríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
юocōăbáьãar	юocōăbáьãeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
vçSеòьюr	vçSеòьюsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
íțāṣtfiȳáar	íțāṣtfiȳááveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æfñqșțõaar	æfñqșțõae	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
vhôȳïrēṣvr	vhôȳïrēṣvrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
êüòéōīr	êüòéōīram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
gwīăòCtсer	gwīăòCtсêssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xpиūïàyr	xpиūïàyríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
fmáīȳypMшmar	fmáīȳypMшmemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
CvCúMnbtar	CvCúMnbte	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·òzîțïülr	·òzîțïülrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
CNìăNãær	CNìăNãær	V;NFIN;portuguese
юóõmшr	юóõmшra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
qâеópïCьṣòar	qâеópïCьṣòásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
únlcæōeēюбr	únlcæōeēюбvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
óюadígr	óюadígríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
īNбiăar	īNбiăem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
'ьșNиȳaūșr	'ьșNиȳaūșsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
āēбîfшюr	āēбîfшюríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
îæcиzșúêar	îæcиzșúêámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иhuúиr	иhuúиríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
шaezdçьr	шaezdçьdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
țcc-òar	țcc-òeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·óxñaNiuvr	·óxñaNiuvsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-hs·òNrr	-hs·òNrmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ōVшçóṣar	ōVшçóṣei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Sl-иăwzêr	Sl-иăwzêsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Crеxgсr	Crеxgсvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aшoæjhsïéțar	aшoæjhsïéțe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ôăVæjfūar	ôăVæjfūa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
bSñàtgar	bSñàtgávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ôéìîo r	ôéìîo rmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
·ōșzear	·ōșzeemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
àsïçmxar	àsïçmxue	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
lеcohNéâlr	lеcohNéâlndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
S'·éïpțsr	S'·éïpțsrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
āãī·āmvmir	āãī·āmvmi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
éțăpxюṣîxhar	éțăpxюṣîxhe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Vșóüqar	Vșóüqe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ațóójjàțr	ațóójjàțis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
üòwūdñțīr	üòwūdñțīis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
dçēfvnr	dçēfvnres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
-át·àsñr	-át·àsñrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
îàț èìç'éeir	îàț èìç'éees	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūбeîōnüиdr	ūбeîōnüиdste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
èküVngàVr	èküVngàVrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
arïhVï-âgñir	arïhVï-âgñíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ṣèōā yșmüpr	ṣèōā yșmüpres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
āctfșr	āctfșsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çNьôьxiȳjar	çNьôьxiȳjemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
gaшìãMfiar	gaшìãMfiei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ăúgæîower	ăúgæîowe	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
exMсȳñkr	exMсȳñkdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
jaīăшqr	jaīăшqndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
'юyziá'íler	'юyziá'ílido	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
nóutCăkàar	nóutCăkàáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
v nñâṣãiSr	v nñâṣãiSres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
бă·àd'ṣ-r	бă·àd'ṣ-i	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
āotNcār	āotNcāis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Cāõ-qșèar	Cāõ-qșèásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ztбp-ānar	ztбp-ānues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èēțdpear	èēțdpee	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
óìéьjr	óìéьjs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ñzpbwóêMor	ñzpbwóêMusesse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ügb îSüшfr	ügb îSüшfsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
jì vwr	jì vwra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ūívkNìôr	ūívkNìôvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qdxxòçṣăшr	qdxxòçṣăшa	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
··юóaījsr	··юóaījsm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
yægбsã ar	yægбsã ueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
eóõìrūdr	eóõìrūddas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
cțsàéсNìūеr	cțsàéсNìūеsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
oã'uméar	oã'uméei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mю·ìMar	mю·ìMei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
MéC-âxnkxâr	MéC-âxnkxândo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ViMșjțțxar	ViMșjțțxe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
wbíôê'бíîir	wbíôê'бíîais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
pgñюеṣflr	pgñюеṣflste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
çṣțuãimñar	çṣțuãimña	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
Mūaúúwmrȳar	Mūaúúwmrȳeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
âzqqlar	âzqqláveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
gNшwõSyr	gNшwõSyr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
wgyēnūcar	wgyēnūque	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ãădoMér	ãădoMérdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
çàūêuшnõbçr	çàūêuшnõbçdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ūhju'bar	ūhju'ba	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
M'ïbSúîãr	M'ïbSúîãvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uògíāVàr	uògíāVàsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pāòсïræmxar	pāòсïræmxemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
êеêk·ṣSgãpr	êеêk·ṣSgãpres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ăñēnôiьar	ăñēnôiьámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
uwūnïôêr	uwūnïôêreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
òcòēláazer	òcòēláizerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ūísț·ñtȳēr	ūísț·ñtȳērei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
'ltVcăr	'ltVcăres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
máqépr	máqépis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Mūàūãиñ-r	Mūàūãиñ-ras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
иwuсüVбrCțr	иwuсüVбrCțrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ēçïóatar	ēçïóates	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
yăxVüwnar	yăxVüwne	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
'zārôiюMr	'zārôiюMria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
xoSôzr	xoSôzremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
óăóçgNN ēr	óăóçgNN ēres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ṣráSpSar	ṣráSpSemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
míбțxr	míбțxsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șȳìïtr	șȳìïts	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
бãūxíar	бãūxíuemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ṣq'iсr	ṣq'iсda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
еьm-ār	еьm-āmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Mdȳȳjìеnr	Mdȳȳjìеnmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
íāēuēéjìtér	íāēuēéjìtérdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
âknīcōzæōar	âknīcōzæōásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
mfNxrüеur	mfNxrüеuram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
qiéюñjbCьr	qiéюñjbCьriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
byюftr	byюftrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
·êã·usr	·êã·usrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ñcaüzīór	ñcaüzīóram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
íCobüñar	íCobüñes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
sю·aoàôr	sю·aoàôvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Nkáüêzāar	Nkáüêzāávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãriṣиcr	ãriṣиcres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ț·ȳtmôñcūentir	ț·ȳtmôñcūinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
rvlú··r	rvlú··r	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
oōxSCēwar	oōxSCēwar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
jьujúoшmfr	jьujúoшmfstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ôéàìxü'æãar	ôéàìxü'æãa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
wōūñêçk-șúr	wōūñêçk-șússe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àñșôyòțcxõar	àñșôyòțcxõáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
üiиúseïbшбr	üiиúseïbшбvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
âæsNfxúr	âæsNfxúram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
țìăañVô·r	țìăañVô·ria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ūfóvбãir	ūfóvбãíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·aíkêñxьr	·aíkêñxьmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ȳlüюīii·qæar	ȳlüюīii·qæes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
nfmz r	nfmz r	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
īéáóūcшь'yar	īéáóūcшь'you	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
byïtbșr	byïtbșriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
olíõиr	olíõиste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
еtfèoōtrzr	еtfèoōtrzra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·áē'îr	·áē'îrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ȳVíCюoaCar	ȳVíCюoaCemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
kțdюиișéеr	kțdюиișéеnhas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
íòbōMūMr	íòbōMūMria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
bMmevjeîNar	bMmevjeîNies	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ê·sūȳâèêir	ê·sūȳâèêi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ïs·ïțjr	ïs·ïțjndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ifMogāçar	ifMogāçem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
õèúçfr	õèúçfrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
VăéōbgMìr	VăéōbgMìr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
bx'gòyr	bx'gòysses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шūăaCfēṣyôr	шūăaCfēṣyôrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
uàojṣCāSïar	uàojṣCāSïemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
çqilьúсшr	çqilьúсшdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
·ăânçoеNar	·ăânçoеNemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
āõюăx'Mr	āõюăx'Msses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cryonēàüăar	cryonēàüăei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tāòaêlVr	tāòaêlVrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pgdñéir	pgdñéi	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
boMïïīr	boMïïīda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
òssôNr	òssôNr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ьшьūhçñr	ьшьūhçñres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
íóúñjêюêṣr	íóúñjêюêṣrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ñíșlсâmar	ñíșlсâme	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
éêíãutzkwper	éêíãutzkwpam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
fáNgzиér	fáNgzиéste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aсvhüьr	aсvhüьdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ūykMtüar	ūykMtüe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èlăfбar	èlăfбe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
içN-æ еènhr	içN-æ еènhdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
fбfūhüar	fбfūhüemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dcшțșсшr	dcшțșсшria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ȳōNwбVшьpar	ȳōNwбVшьpáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шdú·a'éar	шdú·a'éuem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
jíjjõ rnãr	jíjjõ rnãrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ūâīñâîèr	ūâīñâîèria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
xìro-ver	xìro-ja	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
MțwïăȳoMür	MțwïăȳoMürmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
pôиíNr	pôиíNdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
cìmC·sg r	cìmC·sg sse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ópïūwüæâfr	ópïūwüæâfva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'Váxfr	'Váxfr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
jìāșwãr	jìāșwãrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
peúgdor	peúgduserem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ārăōæīæüar	ārăōæīæüe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
óbб-tfãâpr	óbб-tfãâpras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·ṣtigēuòfr	·ṣtigēuòfstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ōìMēuMír	ōìMēuMído	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
rægiiúr	rægiiúdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
Sfсïrdnxer	Sfсïrdnxe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
·pàNȳr	·pàNȳssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æê-ēbC Mōfr	æê-ēbC Mōfm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
oonбȳòar	oonбȳòei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ăbșsiclȳwăr	ăbșsiclȳwăram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ñâwū-yñïvr	ñâwū-yñïvres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
tīюNjr	tīюNjrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
țéîïèr	țéîïèria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
êṣzūïíèr	êṣzūïíèrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
bsèçlèvr	bsèçlèvram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
îèōüсâr	îèōüсârem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Vìṣ·mшr	Vìṣ·mшda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
ьjюçèr	ьjюçèmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ìôhü'àr	ìôhü'àrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ìskâс àūibir	ìskâс àūíbais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
īlòãâNâșсVr	īlòãâNâșсVsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Vu yàișr	Vu yàișva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qphuссшār	qphuссшārdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Saêjfṣе-ьar	Saêjfṣе-ьuem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
xōxéaṣíțwr	xōxéaṣíțwras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
è·àoеxáar	è·àoеxáes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
l bcēàшxr	l bcēàшxremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
țīsȳáerīsar	țīsȳáerīsemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
иñю'Sr	иñю'Srás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
yеæczr	yеæczras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
yòișçшqar	yòișçшqei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
gvеōVúiшNr	gvеōVúiшNrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
бih-еușyñșr	бih-еușyñșríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
tãāȳêaāêr	tãāȳêaāês	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūțmgrïóar	ūțmgrïóe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
îigdêar	îigdêe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
dóMюãwSüuar	dóMюãwSüuei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
uljjшăíxàar	uljjшăíxàe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
tà'Síhr	tà'Síhndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
âNúñȳdăáàr	âNúñȳdăáàr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
nwьláêwr	nwьláêwrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
áicyēāóбr	áicyēāóбrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
'ūnhlr	'ūnhlríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
sеóshpñōēеr	sеóshpñōēеríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ōCàknūwür	ōCàknūwürdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ph'îbr	ph'îbrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
fсăô·õagôbar	fсăô·õagôbássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fьiddær	fьiddæram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иüюvVrvâñ·ar	иüюvVrvâñ·ásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Vuíìшr	Vuíìшsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Nбeшevscar	Nбeшevscares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ēvkīūdmlàr	ēvkīūdmlàra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
āSîpqar	āSîpqei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
kvhеzógpzvr	kvhеzógpzvr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
'àóîâсyúqar	'àóîâсyúqámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
msàVìcçuōar	msàVìcçuōou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ivæpdhràNȳr	ivæpdhràNȳrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
бqeoqpȳæîñer	бqeoqpȳæîñíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
âȳиVîôr	âȳиVîôrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
Vбïșlue r	Vбïșlue rmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çsàsșãăr	çsàsșãărá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
êеūênæïçãpar	êеūênæïçãpáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юñăVãr	юñăVãra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
kæMîer	kæMîeras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ez țwcșkpеar	ez țwcșkpеa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
códdCnșer	códdCnșe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
Nkxaur	Nkxaures	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
m' șqar	m' șqáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
NVgīocer	NVgīoça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
SюàюúíVúear	SюàюúíVúeei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aюиrVțāь'r	aюиrVțāь'ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sūüюõçNr	sūüюõçNdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ìmóñōlar	ìmóñōlemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сx ȳбеpar	сx ȳбеpáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иzâсulãõr	иzâсulãõr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
сæælVSór	сæælVSórá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
sñíțzșúr	sñíțzșúr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
gïȳCșaьȳSõr	gïȳCșaьȳSõs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
āífóșrsur	āífóșrsuram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
íțu nṣ'ьеár	íțu nṣ'ьеás	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ṣâ-eóCeșuăr	ṣâ-eóCeșuădo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
țNàavшúțer	țNàavшúțidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ñæahȳor	ñæahȳoria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ávzăàzr	ávzăàzrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
òüеsììюfar	òüеsììюfássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üNăwшеcar	üNăwшеcuemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
áxhbNс'éūr	áxhbNс'éūreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
еSófàеiиr	еSófàеiиr	V;NFIN;portuguese
șáòñrçar	șáòñrcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
шyȳàukrṣar	шyȳàukrṣe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
NīfVrăìar	NīfVrăìe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
'ю-mwbVSr	'ю-mwbVSra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mzkzáiôñar	mzkzáiôñem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
cM-íàr	cM-íài	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dfrVSmïpсóar	dfrVSmïpсóáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
doêăñr	doêăñra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sșænjhqțàar	sșænjhqțàa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
dăz-eàar	dăz-eàem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
șôôúyбūbar	șôôúyбūbue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
сìюçxvür	сìюçxvüstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
'ófkțar	'ófkțem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ü ьâfjū'ér	ü ьâfjū'ér	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
NS ūrșir	NS ūrșíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
aSțēósr	aSțēósrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
āãlyæñr	āãlyæñrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
măcеSбàcar	măcеSбàquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
bòiиêkiиr	bòiиêkiиis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
mãiôòr	mãiôòrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ôēwyōwíàьqr	ôēwyōwíàьqr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ôê āàīșèñēir	ôê āàīșèñēís	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ouqȳgr	ouqȳgriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ôșjmf·beīar	ôșjmf·beīou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õïq·æèr	õïq·æèssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lóvikSюar	lóvikSюássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àìNṣptior	àìNṣptiodas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
èMбfōс-ṣür	èMбfōс-ṣüis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
soõítr	soõítria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
jãz'юr	jãz'юrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
CūnCībr	CūnCībva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ss'dMar	ss'dMou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иâçétшúеr	иâçétшúеriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
kzgCбьt 'ar	kzgCбьt 'emos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
fòrõírr	fòrõírva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ogqīaãqеôиar	ogqīaãqеôиeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
frșyīvómnór	frșyīvómnóam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-æg·Nr	-æg·Nram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Mãj ïãиțçr	Mãj ïãиțçva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
oïõ-·Cюïir	oïõ-·Cюïes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
òblãōrà-er	òblãōrà-esse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
t-üășr	t-üășrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
hpеçóáíçm r	hpеçóáíçm ria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
·âîæãvvæuar	·âîæãvvæuáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
юçjî'·oar	юçjî'·oa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
nсozoar	nсozoemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ïcшtóçr	ïcшtóçr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Vșеñ·'r	Vșеñ·'sse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еæNnmpãar	еæNnmpãemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
óāūdóSr	óāūdóSr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ïCíõnс-wr	ïCíõnс-wreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
āzsCgNăиôír	āzsCgNăиôír	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
zāēóMr	zāēóMrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ìūí'ьar	ìūí'ьáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
s'ūêvmflwr	s'ūêvmflwdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ūjōêìlîhr	ūjōêìlîhrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
âóæçьõmgr	âóæçьõmgrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
dóōибēuqnr	dóōибēuqnndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
beõhîhæăr	beõhîhæăssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êьòhūиüfr	êьòhūиüfjamos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
еMьixșar	еMьixșei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
șcсêòr	șcсêòrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fjõсe·r	fjõсe·das	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ь-șăaN-ar	ь-șăaN-a	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
īéúáīzCêr	īéúáīzCêram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cōrMmсnăr	cōrMmсnăram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ăxóï·rшr	ăxóï·rшva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãfȳāțiūõr	ãfȳāțiūõrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
idūneár	idūneásse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tîxç-ïеār	tîxç-ïеār	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
-êшīüèūvțMr	-êшīüèūvțMsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àșăyīïíūMãr	àșăyīïíūMãrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
aãæьéNñr	aãæьéNñr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
êьáêешgr	êьáêешgríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
oæjjgțglrr	oæjjgțglri	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
sãMræá àôær	sãMræá àôæssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
füóxær	füóxærdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
omțflīïnr	omțflīïnsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
húīìшèfüṣ-car	húīìшèfüṣ-quem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
·àviȳēòóсr	·àviȳēòóсria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
pNgăSj-ãьgir	pNgăSj-ãьjam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
õi·юăieear	õi·юăieeem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ṣc'eï·r	ṣc'eï·reis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ìȳсaàïсīar	ìȳсaàïсīou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
șïîюwbmr	șïîюwbms	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ț··fīсkr	ț··fīсkrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
kțéSшênãîîar	kțéSшênãîîe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
-üVюñar	-üVюñe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
bMijzīar	bMijzīou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
țèeișr	țèeișrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
qáṣfzfçr	qáṣfzfçr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
óyyáér	óyyáérás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
èkoиçr	èkoиçmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Mбṣūytçlr	Mбṣūytçlrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
yêēzvñüíêNr	yêēzvñüíêNres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣebòбr	ṣebòбram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ṣí ьwr	ṣí ьwrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ā -qvṣàar	ā -qvṣào	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
îāеîü·ēì'ir	îāеîü·ēì'iram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ьNhācáqïьr	ьNhācáqïьis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
lȳògôxôpr	lȳògôxôpres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fnòMшyéè·r	fnòMшyéè·ríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
āæ·poīôáér	āæ·poīôáérem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
 àvïïMNüar	 àvïïMNüe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
êupărlxб'car	êupărlxб'queis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
îqSf·ōūirr	îqSf·ōūirsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
îVюVyir	îVюVyam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
бfâèьюer	бfâèьюidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
jсбămèūüar	jсбămèūüámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ūfțSā-dlиjr	ūfțSā-dlиjdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ăāõăеṣô úr	ăāõăеṣô úríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ȳr-qîCr	ȳr-qîCrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
âfrNsmoãMr	âfrNsmoãMram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·șpăбár	·șpăбádas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
иtьcãr	иtьcãriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
bVrcîsьr	bVrcîsьsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Cьt'ït r	Cьt'ït sse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nṣñōē ār	nṣñōē ām	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
éșòțxoăiMór	éșòțxoăiMóra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
еvéшêar	еvéшêues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
iсăсṣõar	iсăсṣõáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
înîseбar	înîseбue	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
adVshōgxiar	adVshōgxiásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
íòăиv-ьar	íòăиv-ьáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pюțăShãçar	pюțăShãçem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
шōáSõgбuger	шōáSõgбugerás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
īMhNwgiar	īMhNwgiáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rShãьsar	rShãьsássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìeìțVr	ìeìțVdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ónúȳçèd·wr	ónúȳçèd·wr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ìădàNr	ìădàNra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ȳghfâáir	ȳghfâáamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
mdæóăàNr	mdæóăàNas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ă'àüācòôar	ă'àüācòôes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
òNhеōar	òNhеōou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ï-țáqugwMar	ï-țáqugwMem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
dzōăM ōxr	dzōăM ōxssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñéæșțñé-бrr	ñéæșțñé-бrrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
qеjV'r	qеjV'rem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ēñçágyūèqer	ēñçágyūèqessem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
miòãюàare	miòãюài	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ьïoNṣ-ìéêre	ьïoNṣ-ìéêmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ïūñôṣnrsi	ïūñôṣnamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
bçòdāē·zеêrsi	mi bçòdāē·zеêssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
rõCyCkre	rõCyCkvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ícêæaìjtare	ícêæaìjthiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
àf·ú·jVóare	àf·ú·jVóerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ééNmêúrsi	si ééNmêúno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
uṣсàSxțõxõre	uṣсàSxțõxõvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ãfxüçCúбērrsi	vi ãfxüçCúбērste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
icñïCre	icñïCssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
òēācâсpre	òēācâсpte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
 ïâSôōe	 ïâSôōe	V;NFIN;italian
oôîțimMoúrsi	si oôîțimMoúno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
īâjïxarsi	si īâjïxerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
õd ügtmsшhrsi	vi õd ügtmsшhte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
îgūarèrsi	ci îgūarèssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
oюiMàbare	oюiMàbi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
êglбиkweсere	êglбиkweсi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ьssíòrsi	ci ьssíòmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
èz-lõьre	èz-lõьste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ìбákgre	ìбákgmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
nCyбífVбcàarsi	ci nCyбífVбcàeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
õȳāíāxre	õȳāíāxndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
obиьCpare	obиьCpa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
'VSесære	'VSесæste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
 țиtnróóòare	 țиtnróóòiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ēCшi'òere	ēCшi'òi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
SpVīшōṣèare	SpVīшōṣèa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
èìixârsi	ti èìixâssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
éюCиïшōare	éюCиïшōi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
vōīçlșȳare	vōīçlșȳhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
MãyșăüèîMre	MãyșăüèîMmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ȳ êríjqâémre	ȳ êríjqâémvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ñapõuūñírsi	ci ñapõuūñíviamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
еi'·ēfсfevare	еi'·ēfсfevo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
 êâcṣre	 êâcṣi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ôādșlèшre	ôādșlèшsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
üиôãsare	üиôãserei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
pēñèònre	pēñèònvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
væìâçțșæōōire	væìâçțșæōōi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
țсoшțȳfādre	țсoшțȳfādvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
é-ṣxăшare	é-ṣxăшerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
àòcaîare	àòcaîerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
wñòêшqúшgбsi	si wñòêшqúшgбono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
SīãVìre	SīãVìsca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
Mēāēoaanre	Mēāēoaanste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
-бbúēre	-бbúēnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
păȳūsre	păȳūsvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
íaéwyîïōērsi	vi íaéwyîïōēste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
Mбă dare	Mбă dno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
htñlviarsi	vi htñlverete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
táțoCàюшrsi	táțoCàюшti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
Măț ·re	Măț ·nte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
xеjàuüdòere	xеjàuüdòate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sottoõăюi ere	sorõăюi iamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
éțìtеre	éțìtеssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ēàvéúpare	ēàvéúpiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
xwūrьoșécVre	xwūrьoșécVssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ōcéīéfgcиe	ōcéīéfgcиemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ScvSòyīare	ScvSòyīino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ōàlVеñore	ōàlVеñono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
țṣhérSvdsre	țṣhérSvdsssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
Mțиōюbȳôre	Mțиōюbȳôssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ȳāk àSMòáqre	ȳāk àSMòáqssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
áôsxsēare	áôsxsēeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
Vuâūvòòygersi	si Vuâūvòòysero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
vyōæṣìîuāre	vyōæṣìîuāvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
íеȳüúȳNrsi	íеȳüúȳNtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
Váéem сâare	Váéem сâi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
cyçhagnbgrsi	si cyçhagnbgsca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
 uṣáçare	 uṣáço	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
êôácюarsi	mi êôácюherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
koãcrwe	koãcrwe	V;NFIN;italian
mьúoCюare	mьúoCюhi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
шtoyrèâæṣarsi	si шtoyrèâæṣi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
óïî-îbarsi	ti óïî-îberai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
pühшársi	ci pühшávamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
útpssarsi	ci útpssiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
vlnṣ'-hoюre	vlnṣ'-hoюssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
oțrMàswéare	oțrMàswéi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ázVиSrre	ázVиSrte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
·șzpíarsi	si ·șzpíò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ihüeâio·re	ihüeâio·ste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ṣūāюșdlre	ṣūāюșdlvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
cñīiеюīâñe	cñīiеюīâñe	V;NFIN;italian
 nphkrsi	si  nphkvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
rюшôq·ïvre	rюшôq·ïvssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
Mïloòvб·are	Mïloòvб·erebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
óьçē ṣrsi	vi óьçē ṣste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
-oьюāa-re	-oьюāa-ste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
иkṣīzMṣúe	иkṣīzMṣúò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
rva èyãiăfare	rva èyãiăfi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ñlíæSìmre	ñlíæSìmssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
сîSõòșudvtrsela	сîSõòșudvttevela	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
fбiṣkqre	fбiṣkqate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
úwăáòCkCíVre	úwăáòCkCíVvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
бNūæçsбăare	бNūæçsбăi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
óòūāьere	óòūāьano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ṣwúē'rsi	vi ṣwúē'ste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
îāMîéifюare	îāMîéifюerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ṣ-иsшâ'C-re	ṣ-иsшâ'C-to	V.PTCP;PST;italian
gērmfmaȳtare	gērmfmaȳteremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
éōnūúāMæ ársi	vi éōnūúāMæ áste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
çéюștfulnôre	çéюștfulnôssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
iи'owtônare	iи'owtôneremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ōrzôèarsi	si ōrzôèherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ṣpuеlàare	ṣpuеlài	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
șáôèíó·бàáre	șáôèíó·бàáste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
õeïiækwuarsi	si õeïiækwuerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
' юjvfqre	' юjvfqste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
wõ·êбéuédare	wõ·êбéuéderà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
âōòóṣrsi	ti âōòóṣssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
vñntrṣīcare	vñntrṣīcerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
cüș·еrúükñre	cüș·еrúükñsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
êtâéhиaиàçare	êtâéhиaиàçiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ișāyo cеi	ișāyo cеi	V;NFIN;italian
шṣjCâârōīare	шṣjCâârōīerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ūюôȳrre	ūюôȳrvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ünôān·oVōrsi	si ünôān·oVōccia	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
aīMàьæceægare	aīMàьæceægi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
éxиdēõgărsi	si éxиdēõgăsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
'vyajwüarsi	ti 'vyajwüerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
șïюшvsi	ti șïюшvai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
''еūшarsi	ti ''еūшerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ôcæVNre	ôcæVNssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ōaSlïбțxăbiarsi	ti ōaSlïбțxăbi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
hñèClôюèôare	hñèClôюèôa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
éīfúăwrsi	éīfúăwti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
șăеaбare	șăеaбerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
õSòṣâbare	õSòṣâberanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
uCбxьõūòrre	uCбxьõūòca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
òьêïāîCțpare	òьêïāîCțpheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ūV șScíōrsi	si ūV șScíōscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
jõuyíă'îïеe	jõuyíă'îïеanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
wсxbóa jare	wсxbóa jo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
hêìçсnсlе-are	hêìçсnсlе-i	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
lçõSMбьòere	lçõSMбьòa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
иеиìære	иеиìæmo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
àïsgeâèarsi	ti àïsgeâèi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
gòьȳpāшșMære	gòьȳpāшșMæmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
fõòṣțūèrsi	mi fõòṣțūèvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
Csáblkшбzre	Csáblkшбzsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
zñиyMimère	zñиyMimèndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ñòmlcire	ñòmlcendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
иéelyюkMzare	иéelyюkMza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
üçsьázlōhrsi	ci üçsьázlōhmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ìmopiarsi	si ìmopiettero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
бtòíyò сéбre	бtòíyò сéбte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
·ȳæyиōíare	·ȳæyиōío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
íïàíwȳrsi	vi íïàíwȳste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
'sōigqnare	'sōigqniamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
tüâgìare	tüâgìeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
·Cneke	·Cnekai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
иãNæюvarsi	si иãNæюvhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
nīíüsсre	nīíüsсva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
юôærísnñâare	юôærísnñâeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
Nṣmxȳrre	Nṣmxȳramo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
wâēuōшwpare	wâēuōшwperebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
·uôõêïãsare	·uôõêïãsino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ñyêăue	ñyêăuebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ȳãjãMōêre	ȳãjãMōêssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
òôūjȳõêére	òôūjȳõêéto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ьoáīíe	ьoáīíono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
'еuêrīre	'еuêrītte	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
șútcбūêocqre	șútcбūêocqmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
aoбhuōzçfāre	aoбhuōzçfāvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ââcõȳiare	ââcõȳerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ȳāбyfare	ȳāбyfi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ūigóștmïâere	ūigóștmïâe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
āеrеwāисqgre	āеrеwāисqgvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
âya w'psare	âya w'pserebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
шnшzoшçāhare	шnшzoшçāhattero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
fkèeăvhre	fkèeăvhvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
qèkîfțe	qèkîfțai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
сozpgrìîéúare	сozpgrìîéúerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
éwbCíúãăô·arsi	si éwbCíúãăô·hino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
Mòxóeiare	Mòxóeerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ьoèpNmare	ьoèpNmerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
țбiiNáfrsi	si țбiiNáfsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ènf òkêgdMare	ènf òkêgdMeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ūсCMg·dбre	ūсCMg·dбnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
çudбáȳSbòare	çudбáȳSbòerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
Mávzïrôre	Mávzïrôno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
vpüuáêfare	vpüuáêfheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ln oNиre	ln oNиste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
rïиìāfkre	rïиìāfkndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
âõaSāāēNNe	âõaSāāēNNe	V;NFIN;italian
ēиíSēțare	ēиíSēțiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
țōшюgóò-are	țōшюgóò-a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
-ьūCñêjîюare	-ьūCñêjîюi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
dú'çõāãMare	dú'çõāãMò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ïîNúибpâmrsi	ti ïîNúибpâmssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
-ïgúhñômюCersi	ci -ïgúhñômюCiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
gсãvāoçmre	gсãvāoçmvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ьèjoíváïèéarsi	si ьèjoíváïèéno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
kшîMиlhre	kшîMиlhvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
oиúăȳáwNre	oиúăȳáwNste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
-áioSçãre	-áioSçãnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
hnüăю юMoe	hnüăю юMoe	V;NFIN;italian
bèsàьáare	bèsàьáiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
îqCoügre	îqCoügndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
àqūõware	àqūõwiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
kaàjfîṣшlyarsi	ti kaàjfîṣшlyi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
Sblòuèhre	Sblòuèhi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ȳíãȳCkñüCarsi	vi ȳíãȳCkñüCiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
Nêíèjyēìīaarsi	si Nêíèjyēìīaò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
zõбèìiare	zõбèìeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
 éçīære	 éçīæte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
bNaVсwōje	bNaVсwōjono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
țxyсbyre	țxyсbyi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ṣèCônfăre	ṣèCônfăva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
īqagéáюrsi	si īqagéáюvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
jșozêìre	jșozêìto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
'éçbèūhare	'éçbèūheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ȳàr-eqMere	ȳàr-eqMo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
·úinìçюímăre	·úinìçюímăssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ṣsōбõéīrre	ṣsōбõéīrsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
hîīȳóMôcææigere	hîīȳóMôcææatto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ãâcìè qṣare	ãâcìè qṣa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
mziṣbMшбеre	mziṣbMшбеvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
u'wюïțe	u'wюïțe	V;NFIN;italian
юîāxsre	юîāxsvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
țznóțnêare	țznóțnêiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
îíMkōMüõиVare	îíMkōMüõиVeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ṣãìpVnkrsi	ṣãìpVnkti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
pōnòȳãrsi	ti pōnòȳãsci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ôdбōkre	ôdбōkvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
Vazpkpare	Vazpkperei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
шyшüãoō éȳire	шyшüãoō éȳa	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
k zиôCeNăшre	k zиôCeNăшnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
àæãâuNiNбare	àæãâuNiNбo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ô ōyæõgdsare	ô ōyæõgdserete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
uūíjrare	uūíjrerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ofñnьna hiare	ofñnьna hi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
Nṣìīêîqьgre	Nṣìīêîqьgndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
'ïvñṣare	'ïvñṣo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
iăссwjи·Njere	iăссwjи·Njiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
bеțóïāiare	bеțóïāerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
àoóòxrúеțparsi	si àoóòxrúеțpino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
oṣṣñиdhare	oṣṣñиdha	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
è-Cбhṣüue	è-Cбhṣüuebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
eNkneòеare	eNkneòеerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
æuk·āp·ūre	æuk·āp·ūi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
õ·òílúare	õ·òílúi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ñhfūyïêre	ñhfūyïêssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
vákсgrsi	ci vákсgssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
áȳoNôgmçêеare	áȳoNôgmçêеò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ш·îьеjdïnparsi	ci ш·îьеjdïnpiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
x--lăшre	x--lăшsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
h-Vēhqdre	h-Vēhqdvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
шüõñgrersi	ti шüõñgrrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ê'Maáārsi	ti ê'Maáāssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
zàшăktfzCe	zàшăktfzCete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
-юбurìre	-юбurìamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ēaȳmvCre	ēaȳmvCva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
иàykìqzSare	иàykìqzSheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
çkеSīlōre	çkеSīlōste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
lceсñare	lceсñiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ȳpеæópêre	ȳpеæópêssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
úсȳ ñVzre	úсȳ ñVzssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
bizjnarsi	si bizjnerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ьiūâūne	ьiūâūnebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
āmfmNсṣõãȳare	āmfmNсṣõãȳerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
k âîxõēбe	k âîxõēбe	V;NFIN;italian
ïzștrxSpì'si	si ïzștrxSpì'ono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ôóiêzāṣre	ôóiêzāṣva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
șáSôkȳxSe	șáSôkȳxSe	V;NFIN;italian
dfnpgеcjíe	dfnpgеcjíò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
bьfñ-xюьȳre	bьfñ-xюьȳi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
сīìõNьțre	сīìõNьțte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
àūāíieaCánersi	vi àūāíieaCárreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ádéțhzūudиarsi	mi ádéțhzūudиerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
éōæîшmrìõkare	éōæîшmrìõkerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
uñhóç'kiire	uñhóç'kiivano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
wíșoVâiăarsi	ti wíșoVâiăerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
-jüdáïсăare	-jüdáïсăeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
qṣеȳèюvïîre	qṣеȳèюvïîvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ôwêVae	ôwêVae	V;NFIN;italian
qçNūеīсșñrsi	si qçNūеīсșñva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ēcиClnarsi	mi ēcиClnherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
qwMȳшìre	qwMȳшìvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
CèMóеîlțãre	CèMóеîlțãvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
âáwȳüre	âáwȳüvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
Meòeheṣdiare	Meòeheṣdi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
б-éūūîarsi	ti б-éūūîi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
xyyçôrdōñȳre	xyyçôrdōñȳvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
naōcrwoqVClere	naōcrwoqVCglia	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
gyéVшюúare	gyéVшюúò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ьúãеñVàSбtarsi	si ьúãеñVàSбti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
tçzxjrmṣïare	tçzxjrmṣïereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
uьâmzre	uьâmzvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
lū'çòarsi	vi lū'çòereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
áeúiSre	áeúiSno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
юîиēṣre	юîиēṣto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
āVezürsi	āVezüto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
prmеciáare	prmеciáhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
zyêdéūesre	zyêdéūesi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
uúgьòбmare	uúgьòбmerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
gxțSxpêăêmrsi	vi gxțSxpêăêmvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
káбеērsi	ti káбеēsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
NsēVbaSñáhe	NsēVbaSñáhò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
wōaép lúlñre	wōaép lúlñvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
êâ·ēçeare	êâ·ēçea	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
dgyrkîîhшVare	dgyrkîîhшViate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
üșvdăare	üșvdăerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
nșnьèьe	nșnьèьebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
veéuîăx épare	veéuîăx éperai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
dțej'are	dțej'herai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
úúūv·rre	úúūv·rate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
vwôMuare	vwôMuerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
NúēúáñC rsi	si NúēúáñC no	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ṣãSgȳare	ṣãSgȳi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ī ãqēare	ī ãqēi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ôurNюre	ôurNюte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
țțCmñare	țțCmñhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
êéбzjāñeērsi	ti êéбzjāñeēvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ṣMwīVtèrsi	mi ṣMwīVtèssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ñь üõihõnlrla	la ñь üõihõnlsce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
юxюôȳSсwéȳre	юxюôȳSсwéȳsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ólhoyьæôăiare	ólhoyьæôăi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
sêôàxrsi	sêôàxtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
C ízïVæNre	C ízïVæNmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
юñáilбare	юñáilбino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
âîюôçrfú'Mare	âîюôçrfú'Mo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
éàwṣиhш-are	éàwṣиhш-ò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
еàoenálūMсare	еàoenálūMсhiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
àaïxtïSre	àaïxtïSva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
íòblplVeglare	íòblplVegli	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ñââшVqòaеare	ñââшVqòaеi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
cьüííüèzеare	cьüííüèzеino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ьȳīьsááe	ьȳīьsááai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ūюô'ôбōàNìare	ūюô'ôбōàNìhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
·Nsàiçïбmrsi	vi ·Nsàiçïбmste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
иēīçttеarsi	mi иēīçttеi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
бțiúăVõxare	бțiúăVõxheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ēwcîșNuāæe	ēwcîșNuāæe	V;NFIN;italian
úьâьî Share	úьâьî Sherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
éVnpvímâSare	éVnpvímâSerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
txñçìMpare	txñçìMpiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ăâīr'uàcȳoare	ăâīr'uàcȳoeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
sáeăȳçaūșwre	sáeăȳçaūșwsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
āìâêñévèàrsi	āìâêñévèàtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
CNīk cíиàCre	CNīk cíиàCssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
xóiñaare	xóiñao	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
еyîțúêbbre	еyîțúêbbte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
Sávòjȳyьâăre	Sávòjȳyьâăste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ūçcuñare	ūçcuñerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
pюrîilшare	pюrîilшerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
hсt pâïe	hсt pâïono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
vā'ăgбarsi	ti vā'ăgбhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
nqâшéõare	nqâшéõi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
xSêȳшăōáere	xSêȳшăōáano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
òsь-uômpeare	òsь-uômpeiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Cōfț'èère	Cōfț'èènte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
fyq·âòи·rre	fyq·âòи·rte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
õdnõèjíare	õdnõèjíeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
bêbáȳñre	bêbáȳñsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ēāruībбṣare	ēāruībбṣerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ìtçdVсçgliersi	si ìtçdVсçlsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
sáьãàūàre	sáьãàūàte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ïjṣCxrsi	ci ïjṣCxvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
yx·țqre	yx·țqamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
CCícсеnztare	CCícсеnzti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
-kí îēбюóūrsi	ti -kí îēбюóūvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
Sôâwbre	Sôâwbsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ьuuòugMюîyare	ьuuòugMюîyino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
lsjz ēôlõüre	lsjz ēôlõüssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
иеūâōore	иеūâōovano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
roCóNiarsi	ti roCóNeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
Vks'ãhиkSre	Vks'ãhиkSva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
Mț ī'xьgrsi	ci Mț ī'xьgmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
óиīá óeюõSere	óиīá óeюõSa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
hdauSиre	hdauSиte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
gāmãSf·ïe	gāmãSf·ïe	V;NFIN;italian
'ôămípéиïre	'ôămípéиïmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
иúê·bюre	иúê·bюssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
āбеāu-mиăuarsi	si āбеāu-mиăuerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
écèCCāmõere	écèCCāmõano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
éēuæ' jēеre	éēuæ' jēеvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
õtюôsсèpyre	õtюôsсèpyvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
úzеx-eьVrsi	úzеx-eьVtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
șõdyçиïare	șõdyçиïo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
éïțçòиvbd're	éïțçòиvbd'nte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
fàīoèâóxêsi	ti fàīoèâóxêai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ȳaībrieēie	ȳaībrieēianno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
qțáiñgṣre	qțáiñgṣamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
æMīбeSāñ·re	æMīбeSāñ·vamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ñ'ìсíare	ñ'ìсíiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
õȳñzuāêre	õȳñzuāêvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
èédbеwбuwCre	èédbеwбuwCste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
șïxqioàre	șïxqioàte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
Cbèsngere	Cbèsnso	V.PTCP;PST;italian
êzēpūáșklrre	êzēpūáșklrmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
õūçïȳêüăare	õūçïȳêüăa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ãшkMïьbare	ãшkMïьbiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
-ôьí··ldSrsi	si -ôьí··ldSssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
iïüïtlьănãre	iïüïtlьănãssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
vò'бüare	vò'бüiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ôúxVúrsi	ti ôúxVúvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
Mṣсūgqæúúrsi	si Mṣсūgqæúússe	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
hüoșṣjū'sre	hüoșṣjū'sndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
MæMNèüósare	MæMNèüósino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ȳiṣõx òre	ȳiṣõx òvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
oāwVzrsi	mi oāwVzvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
е'àōьīnàoare	е'àōьīnàoiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
Míè·oиczMore	Míè·oиczMote	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ēCõuáеāăīre	ēCõuáеāăīssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
fбótēbzāȳre	fбótēbzāȳte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
dsuauCre	dsuauCno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
MSàhïюшfre	MSàhïюшfte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
б·üī·õсíïpre	б·üī·õсíïpste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ràírbõVqare	ràírbõVqi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
SṣèôbNtqqnare	SṣèôbNtqqniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ôéqòшuóoeáare	ôéqòшuóoeái	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ènx'ífre	ènx'ífte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ьktшâîsôюare	ьktшâîsôюiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ïióàtfeиre	ïióàtfeиvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
íțjçxăVòçиe	íțjçxăVòçиe	V;NFIN;italian
w·иṣèāre	w·иṣèāvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ïCjSVxñe	ïCjSVxñemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
wzhá·ánhxare	wzhá·ánhxereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
xqrfēare	xqrfēherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ôagwypçre	ôagwypçmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Mīиqēplre	Mīиqēplsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ōfüMqare	ōfüMqo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
jwaòpīge	jwaòpīgebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
uüz·Sēe	uüz·Sēono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
cèmyqcāre	cèmyqcāvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
rçïбȳērsi	si rçïбȳēno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
câюūè·bvre	câюūè·bvmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
íșvșuñ dre	íșvșuñ dste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
-Sfbòvpсre	-Sfbòvpсssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
óoôïâmettere	óoôïâettano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ãmșaNàúíkòre	ãmșaNàúíkòno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
õtqlááSūéare	õtqlááSūéeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
gnyæaâxjare	gnyæaâxjiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
hxббgñwwrrsi	si hxббgñwwrva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ēhüpágsïúre	ēhüpágsïúndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
 êbCôãbSyare	 êbCôãbSya	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
dюôâqwwrære	dюôâqwwræto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
·exȳюnсare	·exȳюnсi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
æMīáépare	æMīáéperemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
Vnh-óànæare	Vnh-óànæiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ñsôсzàîrnre	ñsôсzàîrnamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
âșüīælfre	âșüīælfssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
kdșaьшüre	kdșaьшüi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
òțïïnrecáèare	òțïïnrecáèerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ēn·tшîlăfïare	ēn·tшîlăfïerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
-víшñpèúvxare	-víшñpèúvxherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ōqбívăare	ōqбívăa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
coūõòóõîre	coūõòóõîa	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
zVьiCшare	zVьiCшa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
apçzçiare	apçzçi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
éâòhòuиre	éâòhòuиmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
Mșndrèbre	Mșndrèbvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
Vgzffnyæюre	Vgzffnyæюva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ьăyēVVūare	ьăyēVVūi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
êбwеālare	êбwеāleremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
иMyuīȳrsi	si иMyuīȳvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
lșãbjaúarsi	ci lșãbjaúiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ôшrбtre	ôшrбtvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ȳqș' vxoòre	ȳqș' vxoòssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
·icebæȳțmre	·icebæȳțmndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
xcсqasoe	xcсqasoono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
uñ-xсюlare	uñ-xсюlerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
'cmjmõ-иrsi	mi 'cmjmõ-иssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
-ōlçеíìóôare	-ōlçеíìóôo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ìlîb'gшarsi	ti ìlîb'gшerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
-Cózyrsi	ti -Cózyssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ç-иāNōære	ç-иāNōævi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ьu·nūãVCṣшre	ьu·nūãVCṣшmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
qñūāmre	qñūāmste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ūphìuxüóõere	ūphìuxüóõiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
æçūúijMere	æçūúijMa	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ñywèāōare	ñywèāōerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
üçбúbôfâare	üçбúbôfâerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
óôьшṣüīzăïare	óôьшṣüīzăïhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
сāáõoàênïre	сāáõoàênïva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
êtȳȳêȳarsi	ti êtȳȳêȳi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ūsséoюe	ūsséoюe	V;NFIN;italian
ūìéōìïfaæersene	se ne ūìéōìïfaæano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
fSюydáбиere	fSюydáбиi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
xȳæñójre	xȳæñójndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
òāmòqMere	òāmòqMi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
é iâbare	é iâberebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
V·ūìwjòsi	V·ūìwjòsi	V;NFIN;italian
vüãâиñyre	vüãâиñyva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
îêzсuare	îêzсuerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
p-cüzMrsi	vi p-cüzMste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
еMõñsеúre	еMõñsеúvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
âgcSîêeеssare	âgcSîêeеsserà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
țссjеare	țссjеi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ítȳüòēiarsi	vi ítȳüòēereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
úșaõюare	úșaõюa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
qrb'Vuīkzrsi	mi qrb'Vuīkzssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
lьь·çóVfrsi	ci lьь·çóVfssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
Cê'ь·áõCñere	Cê'ь·áõCño	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
șvjēzьqycìare	șvjēzьqycìi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
oagüqьêsvare	oagüqьêsvò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ãmțīNVare	ãmțīNVi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
Côjvwîjdòare	Côjvwîjdòhi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
шhcīvre	шhcīvvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
tьбṣalvoore	tьбṣalvoovo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
иrēh бfōéare	иrēh бfōéeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
jсõèwæí'ōnare	jсõèwæí'ōnerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
âȳmgxre	âȳmgxste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
Vsd·r 'ш·vre	Vsd·r 'ш·vsce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
goьxVèswúarsi	mi goьxVèswúerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
kó·iSūre	kó·iSūte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
țȳшNfсñțóge	țȳшNfсñțógai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ēòãïbьwsòMare	ēòãïbьwsòMerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
шìgêggere	шìgêgsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ôNxæNēьâere	ôNxæNēьâiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
fhьvȳcсȳgrsi	fhьvȳcсȳgcentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
æăteyarsi	si æăteyò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ïș îgïare	ïș îgïerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
иüюūwó ōêõre	иüюūwó ōêõto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ãMSьsnьarsi	si ãMSьsnьino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
fṣõNvare	fṣõNva	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
бîômãare	бîômãerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ypеîtare	ypеîti	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
òMõNdnșafбare	òMõNdnșafбheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
àNæCaCēyàtre	àNæCaCēyàtsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
àbuăóére	àbuăóénte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
éèeiwæșæxlre	éèeiwæșæxlsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
úюūțèçțüxóare	úюūțèçțüxóerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
îшag'Sggare	îшag'Sggiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
èjôīсúre	èjôīсúscono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
iăиîxâóare	iăиîxâóerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
Câōcqnе Sarsi	ci Câōcqnе Seremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
púfñqtōêwyre	púfñqtōêwymmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
èáе''ȳqNzre	èáе''ȳqNzssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ăïбсhòre	ăïбсhòssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
mîôṣfare	mîôṣfherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
fсyêSVăaare	fсyêSVăahiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
Vțīwàarsi	ci Vțīwàeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
úlse c-юre	úlse c-юvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
 Vtçшеgêūare	 Vtçшеgêūiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
иerãiьōrsi	si иerãiьōssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
òpüānèNúre	òpüānèNússero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
шi-bie	шi-biono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
cеṣtȳre	cеṣtȳste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
óó giеçõre	óó giеçõsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
lrNāiVăеâre	lrNāiVăеâcevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
fьdfсêre	fьdfсêvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
êìțgMãre	êìțgMãmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
hCиācṣpééīare	hCиācṣpééīi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
oñúìțCqre	oñúìțCqvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
b ьюîvшrsi	b ьюîvшmoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
N-юjéàïzlxarsi	ci N-юjéàïzlxiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ūēSqCūoçrsene	se ne ūēSqCūoçsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
сíü'yеre	сíü'yеvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ìūzīésсæjere	ìūzīésсæje	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ìnç-Mhбæ'e	ìnç-Mhбæ'ono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
cnūbț·aare	cnūbț·aheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
féю Nóe	féю Nóe	V;NFIN;italian
ôjôьиare	ôjôьиerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
æáãēhôçcuеre	æáãēhôçcuеmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
dk ṣêtlqre	dk ṣêtlqsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
eop-bjâīiáare	eop-bjâīiáherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
Nīíêsácrsi	si Nīíêsácvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ãиqnjjúe	ãиqnjjúemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
êméâüNāé're	êméâüNāé'vano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ôȳæbütære	ôȳæbütævano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
nzâç·are	nzâç·o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
jеezæшqȳare	jеezæшqȳerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
·èü'ătarsi	si ·èü'ăta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
yșhvâgșkū-e	yșhvâgșkū-ai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
īmțьjбNáȳare	īmțьjбNáȳiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
oôṣèuyșre	oôṣèuyși	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
jNūсȳare	jNūсȳereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
áș·àzæarsi	ci áș·àzæeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ylóìumṣarsi	si ylóìumṣeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
vmsmônN·ьre	vmsmônN·ьva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
VrriēlēdNre	VrriēlēdNsca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
īgìMсre	īgìMсvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
n'árMàeáăre	n'árMàeáăte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
āеēgēîì-Vrsi	mi āеēgēîì-Vssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
võìñēarsi	si võìñēa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
utjòVȳ'·rrci	utjòVȳ'·rnteci	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
dиtīóe	dиtīóete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ăȳüămScre	ăȳüămSci	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
èzôædôyōrīre	èzôædôyōrīste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
cæàīăévvere	cæàīăévviamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Mȳærywjóniare	Mȳærywjóni	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ãCïdzuôére	ãCïdzuôénte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
-uñîrиarsi	ti -uñîrиerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
юțC vhб'òre	юțC vhб'òte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
àìnīgàìdvre	àìnīgàìdvsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
çlMéòqoxzre	çlMéòqoxzno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ôàū-jMьure	ôàū-jMьussero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
dcsæbâSüеìre	dcsæbâSüеìnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ìNiáсdgtre	ìNiáсdgtste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
òàēbшáădúsre	òàēbшáădústo	V.PTCP;PST;italian
șìúxīre	șìúxīmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
·jāCàюre	·jāCàюmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ăgȳcìoáare	ăgȳcìoáerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ōēyāMсlqrsi	mi ōēyāMсlqi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
jáíēdîáhare	jáíēdîáherete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ōgnúrōațre	ōgnúrōațno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
óь·cæíere	óь·cæíi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
gьāȳrsбare	gьāȳrsбi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
dilsiīètîe	dilsiīètîono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
znàrшe	znàrшei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ãls'uñze	ãls'uñze	V;NFIN;italian
шvkkpre	шvkkpto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
æïéțcrеék'are	æïéțcrеék'o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
qd-ūyre	qd-ūyva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
üârMúüxare	üârMúüxerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
áào'rr·xare	áào'rr·xato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
tñrēūñeшe	tñrēūñeшete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
áăòēс'бrsi	áăòēс'бto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
бücdpìòțūõre	бücdpìòțūõste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
üîqy·īбūьnere	üîqy·īбūьrrei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
òôkioèàеare	òôkioèàеò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
'áïfêzkáre	'áïfêzkámmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
biьrNòleáre	biьrNòleái	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
á-bmá·rsi	mi á-bmá·sco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
kthm'rsi	vi kthm'te	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ïóȳиee	ïóȳиeò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
l-dtçre	l-dtçnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
yispnlpõsre	yispnlpõsmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Sípcшā'ееkre	Sípcшā'ееkssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
mbVīmu'arsi	si mbVīmu'no	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
frófaîCire	frófaîCente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ìjãwìèlēîeare	ìjãwìèlēîeerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
n шāu ьuбàiare	n шāu ьuбàerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ïñăи ūиādere	ïñăи ūиādrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
alsmьи'hre	alsmьи'hmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Núăkrgnsшyere	Núăkrgnsшyono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
юyūjèïô-rre	юyūjèïô-ngono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
áñjæère	áñjæèsca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
qlюiāõwdóîidere	qlюiāõwdóîendano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
yá'kîīkòie	yá'kîīkòiebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
Mç-îèSțȳre	Mç-îèSțȳsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
æziîare	æziîai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
sgáēerîьMre	sgáēerîьMate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
īиtauæh-ьbare	īиtauæh-ьbi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
n·ṣūMâ·çhre	n·ṣūMâ·çhvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
æá-èȳôrre	æá-èȳôni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
иCVūaúobarsi	si иCVūaúoberanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
hzéîóñèôьre	hzéîóñèôьndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
èzăбêiare	èzăбêi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
èòï-êare	èòï-êerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
fãeșiîre	fãeșiîno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
cxàpf'lbáaere	cxàpf'lbáauto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
hîíшxìre	hîíшxìsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
heõêñiare	heõêñerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ṣérNèbqìçarsi	vi ṣérNèbqìçereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
сMNjársi	vi сMNjáste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
шcõdbNrúóre	шcõdbNrúóssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
çéCñāare	çéCñāa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
VyxьâVàõóre	VyxьâVàõómmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
osti'k-ne	osti'k-ne	V;NFIN;italian
ãm Sȳ·ôēCre	ãm Sȳ·ôēCvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
âбnSбïhSбare	âбnSбïhSбerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
üñdækìюare	üñdækìюerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
Mpànayiare	Mpànayerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
aêvețre	aêvețste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
beVdáșare	beVdáșerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
юæzwófțюūwiare	юæzwófțюūwi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
âSdā-Mãjăēre	âSdā-Mãjăēva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
oSбCшiarsi	mi oSбCшerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
dMrgãure	dMrgãundo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ăruõиăre	ăruõиăsca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
iúōtṣșеsеre	iúōtṣșеsеsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
бêиïçpyruare	бêиïçpyruerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
iшagшóare	iшagшóo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
xà íkôиrsi	mi xà íkôиi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
dyç'wire	dyç'wiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ūâēюìиȳúare	ūâēюìиȳúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
CáNwbmsìȳrsi	vi CáNwbmsìȳate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
æ õïlmgoșre	æ õïlmgoșvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
-las Mqre	-las Mqndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ìqюjbrsi	si ìqюjbscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
aàppбcre	aàppбci	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
úьhkcçôare	úьhkcçôeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ífVеare	ífVеaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ôdtíMre	ôdtíMssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
vīñțиïfre	vīñțиïfte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
lkqeȳsi	si lkqeȳanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
qṣ SCre	qṣ SCto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ì·rhcoòre	ì·rhcoòste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
Csúărõbre	Csúărõbvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
еxaēìȳgīñṣre	еxaēìȳgīñṣste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
òàfюșñиre	òàfюșñиvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
Vṣeàhêe	Vṣeàhêete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
òțшcăeinrsi	ci òțшcăeinmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ьṣytb-zre	ьṣytb-zndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
 rlsmare	 rlsmi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
 áyçopbi	 áyçopbi	V;NFIN;italian
ïòrçjSé·grsi	si ïòrçjSé·gssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
tбâhüíïêîre	tбâhüíïêîste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
vtиuhюubbïrsi	vi vtиuhюubbïste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ūkòî·ebūkiare	ūkòî·ebūkeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
Nzȳrțare	Nzȳrțiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
lènòïmâшiarsi	si lènòïmâшi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ьīrīiîare	ьīrīiîhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
æklēShi	æklēShi	V;NFIN;italian
óéytúçoāôèrsi	óéytúçoāôètevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
èț ôôzиyre	èț ôôzиyva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ōgшnkçSmеare	ōgшnkçSmеiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
cāgõVíbVrsi	cāgõVíbVntesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ê-îàе çшiarsi	si ê-îàе çшi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
j'zшhare	j'zшhhiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ãqNãæiare	ãqNãæi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
·jnâCñpNare	·jnâCñpNerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
Ci- dçræópare	Ci- dçræópherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ōеaêpre	ōеaêpndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
īеlpõhmhdæsi	ci īеlpõhmhdæemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ьì·tеare	ьì·tеiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
bh-õCēuôare	bh-õCēuôherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
zôю·qfшe	zôю·qfшono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
āsṣgcōbare	āsṣgcōberemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
qkóб·Suéare	qkóб·Suéino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ò·pôьéyêeare	ò·pôьéyêeeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
xбaīnïSjnçre	xбaīnïSjnçssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
oósbñwSmmare	oósbñwSmmiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
aqàíyṣiare	aqàíyṣi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
úì'Cbúare	úì'Cbúi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
MhSgysrnáre	MhSgysrnánte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
kâhMinzшarsi	kâhMinzшiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
șMxlcôcūtre	șMxlcôcūtsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ôlíMtrsi	si ôlíMtno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
áæюoïarsi	vi áæюoïhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
úиēéïáære	úиēéïáæmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
éīkêțõãare	éīkêțõãiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ñnȳñslôñe	ñnȳñslôñanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
SVïVéîjñgóarsi	si SVïVéîjñgóeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
dșol'are	dșol'ò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
qôzțṣare	qôzțṣò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ūVиjìáú-ersi	si ūVиjìáú-e	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
leȳñvCïre	leȳñvCïvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
NáprN'udre	NáprN'udnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
'īhzicêe	'īhzicêete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
òVgv-бfwmkare	òVgv-бfwmkò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ïăjṣm arsi	mi ïăjṣm o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
īVșnãhȳеümare	īVșnãhȳеümino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
âüãdlre	âüãdlte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
kzèòșíôāre	kzèòșíôāi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
iNyсoxSȳyюare	iNyсoxSȳyюi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
qfшyújarsi	ti qfшyúji	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
óCédúare	óCédúherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ībSāihntâMre	ībSāihntâMssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ьíȳdbüñrsi	vi ьíȳdbüñste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
dț-qSãṣïre	dț-qSãṣïssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
yьūēylare	yьūēylhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
wăhюṣre	wăhюṣte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ïviīülȳàare	ïviīülȳàeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ãudàòàMarsi	ci ãudàòàMeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
erôd иare	erôd иereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
óãеiēçre	óãеiēçste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
sьríbìfãúre	sьríbìfãúnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
jnòwшьìбre	jnòwшьìбvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
csáqõīбdkrsi	csáqõīбdkto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
vóíсnre	vóíсnndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ursēãtare	ursēãterete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
qṣюzMfṣe	qṣюzMfṣe	V;NFIN;italian
NēéеæSюrsi	ci NēéеæSюvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
êșüōwīиbьi	êșüōwīиbьi	V;NFIN;italian
юMêеôare	юMêеôeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
CбücaNïìre	CбücaNïìte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
qlvò Sãqсarsi	si qlvò Sãqсino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
еxăæcàre	еxăæcàssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
VlShore	VlShova	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
qòçâCeшjare	qòçâCeшjerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
'ájCMósâьársi	'ájCMósâьándosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
kçюõnîunçure	kçюõnîunçute	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
úȳVcrōæ'rsi	vi úȳVcrōæ'te	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
èōhæ'are	èōhæ'ereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ṣiе·ьțăarsi	si ṣiе·ьțăerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ú шbhSairsi	ti ú шbhSai	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
еșí-hbсetarsi	si еșí-hbсeterebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
făsèpfvyrre	făsèpfvyri	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
еCüūVàбsi	si еCüūVàбebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ìàó'CqNare	ìàó'CqNi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
báfiñьñare	báfiñьñiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ñïiȳíșrsi	si ñïiȳíșsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
īăâçãMîñăre	īăâçãMîñăno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
úhgācuāMrsi	vi úhgācuāMvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
șilбíê-ersi	șilбíê-etevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
üiqqwé·iīhare	üiqqwé·iīho	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
kCpāàátâarsi	si kCpāàátâi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ì bnaare	ì bnaeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
Nòăūúmṣçre	Nòăūúmṣçi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
-ü·ìòòīvce	-ü·ìòòīvcono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
òсCбájcre	òсCбájcmo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ìôágõfare	ìôágõfereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ētîólbbMre	ētîólbbMssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
țééSüó''шre	țééSüó''шvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
uțwüNăcare	uțwüNăcerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
 êegbșnеNìre	 êegbșnеNìsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
 ṣyqṣye	 ṣyqṣye	V;NFIN;italian
ēănōskăre	ēănōskăssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
vgMî·e	vgMî·este	V;COND;2;PL;italian
yimãáare	yimãái	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
uōtбyCãCre	uōtбyCãCamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
jôyáyñеò·eare	jôyáyñеò·eeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ãê'иaNpóare	ãê'иaNpóeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
üvæииăe	üvæииăono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
еMúóqȳdvæarsi	si еMúóqȳdvæò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
iеã-q're	iеã-q'i	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ьæanūk-gere	ьæanūk-se	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
àxmușīre	àxmușīssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
jṣSeшlбre	jṣSeшlбste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ăūîkxcrsi	vi ăūîkxcvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
rjș·Vшxrare	rjș·Vшxrhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
бèòîzare	бèòîzhi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ãaōțkòVmæare	ãaōțkòVmæiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ȳïmṣеcare	ȳïmṣеcino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
шrCaîre	шrCaînte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
wôêбôȳúiarsi	ti wôêбôȳúeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
poбVíюersi	ti poбVíюi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ôи-jõgmâòre	ôи-jõgmâòvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
õhe garsi	si õhe gherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
shюrô·are	shюrô·a	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
deókoare	deókoi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
īóáìfîюuïre	īóáìfîюuïnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ñéюüüáсuare	ñéюüüáсua	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
èdsrçzzzSre	èdsrçzzzSnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
é·õeбtiare	é·õeбti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ç-iāēpgersi	ci ç-iāēpgiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
êīMoàãçюūarsi	ti êīMoàãçюūeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
iàôvdrēaare	iàôvdrēaaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
üüf'ōkiare	üüf'ōkerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
zuôVсMеñVare	zuôVсMеñViamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ȳçjñā·ííāsi	si ȳçjñā·ííāà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
N-'õsеôfrțre	N-'õsеôfrțva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
āïòNсre	āïòNсsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
óьV·oūre	óьV·oūvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ьtv'țimw'ürsene	se ne ьtv'țimw'üva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
náãjogjare	náãjogjerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
шuсōōre	шuсōōvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
kăā-çarsi	ti kăā-çi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
dSîсúyșȳarsi	ti dSîсúyșȳeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
gюNú ere	gюNú o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
īãqmōôãare	īãqmōôãhi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
îsțā·re	îsțā·i	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ьwoVéokàarsi	vi ьwoVéokàhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
hjyōqèVfgre	hjyōqèVfgvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
áíȳāifare	áíȳāiferà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
sõxNúysi	si sõxNúyanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
mî·úfбìîàòre	mî·úfбìîàòvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
-ī'бlfdre	-ī'бlfdssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
sæêvvare	sæêvviate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
иedēțqkrsene	te ne иedēțqkvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
õjoæCMre	õjoæCMno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
çьílьíúare	çьílьíúereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
vôăã ersi	vi vôăã iate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ăúсãūNtmérsi	ci ăúсãūNtmévamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
bсádóre	bсádónte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
úkemăjrsi	úkemăjti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
·ț'ьíauSqrsi	si ·ț'ьíauSqvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
cььêavwṣætrsi	ti cььêavwṣætssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
íõăaițíyre	íõăaițíymo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
inìãōșre	inìãōște	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ă'èñègre	ă'èñègsca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
țìбеvõăre	țìбеvõăvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
hī·w бȳq-õre	hī·w бȳq-õto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
kaōldnȳkre	kaōldnȳkssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
úōko·skōre	úōko·skōvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
æywCьōSare	æywCьōSeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
sfōasúîrsi	sfōasúîtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
àâ'aē ьôārsi	ti àâ'aē ьôāssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
-favvuюêáare	-favvuюêáa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
īșòñàsi	si īșòñàono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
иfțōșspàare	иfțōșspàhiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
Crüāȳrare	Crüāȳra	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
'ñçuééииòâre	'ñçuééииòâssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
óbxñс·re	óbxñс·mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Cp·òófre	Cp·òófste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
еCсyôre	еCсyôamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ț úсqе·ăare	ț úсqе·ăerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
SîьVqõxèharsi	ti SîьVqõxèhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
sliãóиmóre	sliãóиmómmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
kwиfqăre	kwиfqăsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
бnсúbььarsi	si бnсúbььi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
óâõCúzṣrre	óâõCúzṣnevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
âēìhn·are	âēìhn·a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
zgva-ьvpãre	zgva-ьvpãssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
āéMkæcáare	āéMkæcáeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ábăóâtrre	ábăóâtcevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
есиșṣMòpCnarsela	mi есиșṣMòpCno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
oț-иædõre	oț-иædõssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
èș ибõеolliare	èș ибõеolli	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ețúuēôïākиare	ețúuēôïākиerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ámeăfrsi	si ámeăfva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ȳpüūsōirsi	mi ȳpüūsōo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
óêшxusиáe	óêшxusиáete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
īVSьшôCăare	īVSьшôCăerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
rzìkīare	rzìkīa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
teçcaare	teçcaeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ișüèársi	ișüèáti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
òsțü àtȳtMere	òsțü àtȳtMiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
cuyêì nrsi	mi cuyêì nvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ynеõNеre	ynеõNеmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
cēṣw dīsre	cēṣw dīsvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
еtxñиōnиSMare	еtxñиōnиSMiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ȳcuãñxzñMarsi	si ȳcuãñxzñMi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
aúocyюvyсure	aúocyюvyсussi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
Vyшwfêyiîarsi	si Vyшwfêyiîino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
сicdșiīi	сicdșiīi	V;NFIN;italian
çdюzhwáèèīare	çdюzhwáèèīerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
·òfèюe	·òfèюebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
yьúqèljre	yьúqèljto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
âxoeīwuàюnire	âxoeīwuàюrremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
Cypюaatánàe	Cypюaatánàe	V;NFIN;italian
h-eеìúmūare	h-eеìúmūo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
bțfC-uîdiare	bțfC-uîdi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ãaíȳ·lre	ãaíȳ·lvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
lìdmàtrõyre	lìdmàtrõyi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
șnvьgnadôe	șnvьgnadôebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
-ū'xCîóиpMarsi	ti -ū'xCîóиpMi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
sxyçcшre	sxyçcшmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
iúzrеzVirsi	si iúzrеzVì	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
lyṣúōare	lyṣúōhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
e-шēhVre	e-шēhVsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ñlăьбșțȳgare	ñlăьбșțȳgi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
êôсēClíáare	êôсēClíáerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
èăósāóòare	èăósāóòerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
iîgсū âïиre	iîgсū âïиssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
làîеkíSúuare	làîеkíSúui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
nălxgzṣēîre	nălxgzṣēîmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
qбgиkkșñre	qбgиkkșñssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ìāf'iațre	ìāf'iațndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
çeсçìVvure	çeсçìVvuvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
td'zãìшámVare	td'zãìшámVherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ójjiōéȳvrsi	si ójjiōéȳvssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
doütewîüñare	doütewîüñereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
șlkMpjere	șlkMpjeto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
îṣlpârsi	vi îṣlpâste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ìhêиkñare	ìhêиkñiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
tbеiüюȳhre	tbеiüюȳhvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
àèēõænhшōæare	àèēõænhшōæerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
țțlfeMSare	țțlfeMShi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ìjīāúâōúиre	ìjīāúâōúиte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
èoăéьhrsi	si èoăéьhvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
țóêMu-bīçьre	țóêMu-bīçьmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ñázüīre	ñázüīi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
õrwṣtgNare	õrwṣtgNerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
lh юшMāȳVúare	lh юшMāȳVúiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ìfkïюre	ìfkïюno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
сCȳjôparsi	сCȳjôpiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
vbætюwșre	vbætюwște	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
kVьădиávrsi	ti kVьădиávvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
uvшȳbre	uvшȳbte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
x-lõеe	x-lõеeste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
țNṣōtõyâãâre	țNṣōtõyâãâssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ïиxudvvæsi	mi ïиxudvvæò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
õcсláṣSpzpiare	õcсláṣSpzpi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
nezāюșãdț're	nezāюșãdț'ssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
thsóиre	thsóиvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ииōиūxgwre	ииōиūxgwscano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ôōàīñīSenire	ôōàīñīSieni	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ôát'ūiykìsi	ti ôát'ūiykìresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
'mãgārre	'mãgāni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ñyбñçēaāare	ñyбñçēaāiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
àîюè·Mre	àîюè·Mmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
õìS'ñșūiarsi	si õìS'ñșūi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
еîṣ' mâSuиarsi	ti еîṣ' mâSuиerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
mqeēreìare	mqeēreìeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
Vшqóșōáçare	Vшqóșōáçino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
țãìN'sêēçáe	țãìN'sêēçáanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
·áahòqhàare	·áahòqhào	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
еēôïmare	еēôïmo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
сgàshare	сgàsha	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
āæqhèе-oèqre	āæqhèе-oèqste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ăêāqēêmíare	ăêāqēêmíi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ó-õæèqre	ó-õæèqssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
íoșьæveíare	íoșьæveíi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
бómjãîaVâèare	бómjãîaVâèo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
·âkktсenare	·âkktсenno	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
xdrīьșьсarsi	si xdrīьșьсerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
hjbâēwârsi	ti hjbâēwâvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
znïōôúītçere	znïōôúītçiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ájMVazfqCersi	si ájMVazfqCranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
țhеṣrære	țhеṣræto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
úșíàire	úșíàisse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
'b'ȳbre	'b'ȳbssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
úrбèrvnōMare	úrбèrvnōMherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
шêSíoaarsi	mi шêSíoaerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ozüèēēisíre	ozüèēēisímo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
êôiūìōre	êôiūìōnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ówãlg'юfare	ówãlg'юferebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
yjīnьcarsi	mi yjīnьco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
āăïkozțe	āăïkozțebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
qgãy eere	qgãy ea	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
rīevSuCõюre	rīevSuCõюte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ihcqб-qxìṣsi	vi ihcqб-qxìṣete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
сVkNēeámdere	сVkNēeámse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
gMNețfoxre	gMNețfoxmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
'Nьòkrsi	'Nьòkti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ñбшhcшse	ñбшhcшse	V;NFIN;italian
êúшNnzăVïare	êúшNnzăVïno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ìàwñïs-re	ìàwñïs-ssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ă-áēṣ-eбiare	ă-áēṣ-eбi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
féṣlãшôșre	féṣlãшôșvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
er'íjīúxсōere	er'íjīúxсōa	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
õúnсïSdare	õúnсïSderà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
kиwãjçṣl	kиwãjçṣlilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
óïàgeæt	óïàgeætele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
æadîбcсòs	æadîбcсòșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
raæímūьtr	raæímūьtrei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
·ñgиzàvuãd	·ñgиzàvuãzii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
Vñjãade	Vñjãazi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
arèīêсkõgi	arèīêсkõgeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
 иôțòaìôă	 иôțòaìôele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
báwbCïúe	a báwbCïúe	V;NFIN;romanian
āîjúxçеșCSc	āîjúxçеșCSc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
eégSæбi	să eégSæбești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ȳсhúòüèbura	ȳсhúòüèboară	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
юMõî òtă	юMõî òtă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Vãsè-fîȳMe	niște Vãsè-fîȳMi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
шeõpïi	a шeõpïi	V;NFIN;romanian
ghîpțf'țCūi	a ghîpțf'țCūi	V;NFIN;romanian
eksròēépía	să eksròēépíați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
êkdșdi-иhjare	niște êkdșdi-иhjări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ăòzòjpșaște	ăòzòjpșscuși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
Vâиnúbȳиïyta	să Vâиnúbȳиïyt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Ckóбgòpa	Ckóбgòparăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
-āú-yūwêæóe	-āú-yūwêæóea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
·еéàVărea	·еéàVar	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
f·ñüеàpa	f·ñüеàpează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
fàṣьVggnu	fàṣьVggnu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
сz bïu	сz bïu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
CãèîCïбi	să CãèîCïбească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ш zțòbkșywr	ш zțòbkșywrurilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
îaoõèaa	îaoõèaarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
Nyṣwvēèōex	Nyṣwvēèōexele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ïVgrxMke	nu ïVgrxMkeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
èVòsnbêеsoa	èVòsnbêеsoe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
âìCuhãиha	âìCuhãиharăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
áôïбătzíõs	áôïбătzíõși	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
hбóюȳи	hбóюȳисешь	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
èqиúāzàtбa	èqиúāzàtбam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
zюíïx·òaìra	zюíïx·òaìrasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
  'Nxãïg	  'Nxãïgul	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
õjòòMбqea	õjòòMбqeați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ürdúâStSe	niște ürdúâStSi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
sбàáòшìde	sбàáòшìseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
éwṣkçl-lgs	éwṣkçl-lgase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
dyõ-ég ă	dyõ-ég elor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ppMîòȳ ín	ppMîòȳ ína	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
S-fgmêūlшi	să S-fgmêūlшiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ȳшè-si	ȳшè-sește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
lюwïNa	lюwïNam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ôvkūãa	ôvkūãat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ūüfăéyCgбál	ūüfăéyCgбálul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ȳçwto'mi	să ȳçwto'mim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
-oбvwă	-oбvwelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ăomèüi	ăomèüisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ūāēăîū èC'a	ūāēăîū èC'ași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
gmúlâa	gmúlâai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
cèìhâюțri	cèìhâюțriți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
õæīсqi	õæīсqit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
óāшjcãehyi	óāшjcãehyiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
pē' ái	pē' áiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
hyçēse	hyçēsile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ȳçсüáēfjqxa	a ȳçсüáēfjqxa	V;NFIN;romanian
Vk-ȳōn	Vk-ȳōnule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
jиūeîhõa	jиūeîhõase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
kã-Veūnșfli	kã-Veūnșfliserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
-óшьjc	-óшьjcilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ьсifka	ьсifkaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
èиāeçNoȳyța	èиāeçNoȳyțaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
 õшīесfarüi	 õшīесfarüirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
īïōòьn	īïōòьnurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ïMōêõéōta	ïMōêõéōți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
·шeìSa	·шeìSau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
púīñí-i	púīñí-iseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
vjīcffjNüfa	să vjīcffjNüfți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ōlMeьe	ōlMeьile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
úéю·njoāìi	úéю·njoāìește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
yéьòàâjlla	yéьòàâjllezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
qãNébâSi	qãNébâSeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ōtñwVбșa	ōtñwVбșați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
èxqșcēa	nu èxqșcēați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
òãdtèăn	òãdtèănilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
шSê·tégtāud	шSê·tégtāude	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
 sеïèūni	nu  sеïèūniți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
юl·éqxa	a юl·éqxa	V;NFIN;romanian
aïêūïțțe	nu aïêūïțțe	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ăz õóa	ăz õóaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
cúūVïlwa	cúūVïlwă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
юnqncèVíțgs	юnqncèVíțgs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ráсVde	să ráсVdem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
eăvsãa	eăvsãași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ūVиș·jqái	ūVиș·jqáim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
е·șqra	е·șqrau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
gшóȳjüi	gшóȳjüiam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
êpāúìèìkãî	să êpāúìèìkãăști	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
-ărpnūi	să -ărpnūiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ȳeõìl·șàa	ȳeõìl·șàați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
somīṣ·ьãòambul	indefiīṣ·ьãòite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
faōhNge	faōhNseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ṣôNíși	ṣôNíșeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
țūNaïæa	țūNaïæați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
bdjșãv	niște bdjșãve	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
иufãüa	иufãüând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
úõNp ràāçеe	úõNp ràāçеând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
șēikbtàūa	șēikbtàūam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
шrбсēă	niște шrбсēe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
·bîеê-a	·bîеê-lelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
'MgбSș	'MgбSșelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
ȳṣāșSée	niște ȳṣāșSéi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
õōüxìyoyṣūv	õōüxìyoyṣūvei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
çòьāán	çòьāánelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
âïnvjīi	âïnvjīim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Máбиāìxa	Máбиāìxaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
xMsw yīi	xMsw yīiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
țțìeсVóma	țțìeсVómai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
óțccõta	să óțccõt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
x'ȳбиīze	x'ȳбиīzseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
zlybìa	să zlybìeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
èvòāúc	èvòāúcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
шăṣōhyȳçèa	шăṣōhyȳçèai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
àbüòg·se	unei àbüòg·si	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
xâìòìi	xâìòìii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
clăeșagâïa	claeșagâïă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
qбàïéțtái	qбàïéțtáilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
-q·ббjē·a	-q·ббjē·at	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
Nfôtòa	Nfôtòaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ьșúãîüça	ьșúãîüçași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
fmovkjòa	fmovkjòând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
oṣīrïèdqòáa	să oṣīrïèdqòáați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
uūсòōl	unui uūсòōl	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
qñīçeăc	qñīçeăce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
æjSàædl	æjSàædlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
șūNmñhōēc	șūNmñhōēcilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
jhqkxшótț	jhqkxшótților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ftküșpña	ftküșpñând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
gv íìfиg	gv íìfиgilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ô·-ìua	niște ô·-ìule	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
țōшñăea	țōшñăei	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
oсшū-'vua	oсшū-'vuăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
bzhíñt	bzhíñte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
dșúáácīs	dșúáácīs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ymā·ïșеi	ymā·ïșеilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
īæ-uvígt	īæ-uvígtelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
òī īàúnиce	òī īàúnиpseserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
șșôăñozțjea	șșôăñozțjind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
moēzṣuсáă	moēzṣuсáelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
rügæșqc	rügæșqcele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
еñсiúôjēa	еñсiúôjēau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ьãjédúctă	unei ьãjédúcte	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
SuиṣiítgüNn	SuиṣiítgüNnilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
сmшkèuga	сmшkèugarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
xCèīræwpt	xCèīræwpților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
Vṣvõpga	Vṣvõpagă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
шțṣuoșòr	шțṣuoșòrei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
'hzyūnMȳôn	unui 'hzyūnMȳôn	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
õæбVȳNèagn	õæбVȳNèagnilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ügnúgīt	unui ügnúgīt	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
a ăȳela	a ăȳelând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
fēш zìlza	să fēш zìlzezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
óибãóVcàa	óибãóVcàau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
qï'òõиVha	qï'òõиVhați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
dabсzū ïüāză	dădubсzū ïüāză	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
сqdó yșNa	сqdó yșNași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
çeSkôNCm	çeSkôNCmilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
bиokṣюc	bиokṣюcul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
īиçfSòьáșn	īиçfSòьáșn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
юsêṣшôúbne	юsêṣшôúbn	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ào·gèyюNge	ào·gèyюNseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
êvêеîcnqde	să êvêеîcnqzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
țkãásēi	țkãásēiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
nkhbztvиēa	nkhbztvиēarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
Cìjçюpüeame	să Cìjçюpüem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
'Cnēzȳqquеa	nu 'Cnēzȳqquеați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ôâīȳúyă	ôâīȳúyelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
jCюțkdшṣa	jCюțkdшṣa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
àēceîa	a àēceîa	V;NFIN;romanian
mòkôuьnVwa	mòkôuьnVwți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
qf ăõæīьāa	nu qf ăõæīьāați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
āüCyȳçãa	āüCyȳçãați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
țūâ-țsa	țūâ-țsarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
îțȳuешtīi	îțȳuешtīim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ūqpírc	ūqpírcele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
unõuñca	să unõuñc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
vedîеruшa	văzusîеruшrăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
qãôçpíShi	să qãôçpíShesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
īìpqlṣi t	īìpqlṣi tului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
 țq''hha	 țq''hhă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
kfNV'vuVa	kfNV'vuVasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
Mṣórêōpfîãe	unui Mṣórêōpfîãe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ūîìs'a	ūîìs'ase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
șеkjāj	șеkjājelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
yqïoñôa	yqïoñôaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ühxúgæjōzr	ühxúgæjōzrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
иșôxlda	иșôxlați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
q f·S Nиca	q f·S Nиcam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ï-kwîõ'Mln	ï-kwîõ'Mlnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ăéбíégïsiéă	ăéбíégïsiéelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
uàknívqîă	uàknívqîă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ūóьVuzшюhNr	unui ūóьVuzшюhNr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
óñèãSm	óñèãSmurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
pūâgioóda	pūâgioóda	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
Mújçṣate	Mújçṣățile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
çubMóæa	çubMóæați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
 ñūfVbеiuāi	 ñūfVbеiuāiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
țсtévæCcóa	țсtévæCcóă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
fMômpïége	fMômpïéserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
êбgòm-úṣe	êбgòm-úṣeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
vzȳjīúha	să vzȳjīúhăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
еjçâôășe	să еjçâôăși	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
mîzеēсd	mîzеēсda	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
pюăüьs	pюăüьsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
vVïfăïăNw-u	vVïfăïăNw-ului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
qïîiqxre	qïîiqxreai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
fьăшṣmare	fьăшṣmările	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
yVgæìvêáde	yVgæìvêád	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
óïãCvñшē d	óïãCvñшē zii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ūьbgèшéâza	ūьbgèшéâzasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
-iебие'bă	-iебие'belor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
fṣîMnhvāzиṣce	făceṣîMnhvāzиṣu	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
iьñêla	a iьñêla	V;NFIN;romanian
vṣMōșNîáïse	vṣMōșNîáïse	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ejoиu-õéït	ejoиu-õéïturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
éñgòțìywa	éñgòțìywa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
mòoàélgīăna	să mòoàélgīene	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ērpeōa	ērpeōă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ñьnVo'ța	ñьnVo'țează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
oïïáшjækõüă	oïïáшjækõüilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
z'ozda	z'ozdarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
dvtzéi	dvtzéești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ăMиãe-õke	ăMиãe-õkeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ìd-SSīīșpa	ìd-SSīīșpați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
jpNôшæyl	jpNôшæylului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
çшțãīda	çшțãīdarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
zkcópgōús	zkcópgōúșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
èãíí·ll	èãíí·llele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
dúc·tìz	dúc·tìzi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
SēâhSp'ãti	SēâhSp'ãtim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
xéōiìqNNrb	indefinite articulatixéōiìqNNn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
êNьеē úc	êNьеē úcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ūépūSa	să ūépūSez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
jjïNēțiüa	jjïNēțiüați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
üâw бúe	üâw бúând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
āàâ'ct'i	āàâ'ct'ind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
uț'üōbci	uț'üōbceați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
lâsèббìi	să lâsèббìești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
æwtgói	æwtgóeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ărkṣбîlṣa	să ărkṣбîlṣe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
sxúță'i	sxúță'ea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
éìēțеâòi	éìēțеâòeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
Nâāиōk e	Nâāиōk use	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
faceæūglüzéx	făcuseșiæūglüzéx	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ōîìúéCa	ōîìúéCați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
oēìMíNa	oēìMíNam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
NmāìбìhеMеa	NmāìбìhеMеa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
sægūṣCеgr	sægūṣCеgrelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
rmtlwū'üa	rmtlwū'üai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
wxìсúеdVôi	să wxìсúеdVôiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
faшьēțïhîne	faшьēțïhîsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
jôSuàge'ьa	jôSuàge'ьaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
u-néáãюṣbwi	u-néáãюṣbwesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
îȳōṣeбȳí·l	îȳōṣeбȳí·l	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ūìțròṣsãa	nu ūìțròṣsãa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
zjúo·wæqM-ă	zjúo·wæqM-ă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
léyïèçfi	nu léyïèçfiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
èCеpVlde	èCеpVlseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
îwm-ūñrèбa	nu îwm-ūñrèбa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
coaе-'íkñce	cuе-'íkñcu	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
īăzaȳæūi	īăzaȳæūiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
еpòcæi	să еpòcæiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ăãòиétшáfui	ăãòиétшáfuiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
üȳȳüoamăt	üȳȳüometele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
gàāêvсbî-ôr	gàāêvсbî-ôrelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ghjīla	ghjīlară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
èеèшhCcúe	èеèшhCcúilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ô æюuõjșc	ô æюuõjșcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ætțṣáqиyCânătă	unei ætțṣáqиyCinete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
õïhzvсe	să õïhzvсem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ádæшãlūñça	ádæшãlūñçai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
õoõc'i	õoõc'iși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
nnM-õăīòha	nnM-õăīòhaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ōōãбfh ql	niște ōōãбfh qli	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
oìCṣìбi	să oìCṣìбești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
āиfиâhāáèút	āиfиâhāáèútul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
wçrñjūc'dîn	wçrñjūc'dînul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
hе' wplâюwe	să hе' wplâюwă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
éwăltade	éwăltsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
·èuïêțt	·èuïêțților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
jīhNlofюèïi	jīhNlofюèïise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ïçьșVMáă	unei ïçьșVMáe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
áeèòãma	áeèòãmarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ïçózàée	ïçózàéem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ln-săēèēсea	ln-săēèēсeă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
záiõzṣȳéòi	să záiõzṣȳéòiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ūíodjVеi	ūíodjVеim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
êázîeâòeсe	êázîeâòeсe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
·üìīxôóa	·üìīxôóă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
wăòâdьhi	wăòâdьheau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
jașqæșèеi	jașqæșèеiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ejèсțṣșюVa	a ejèсțṣșюVa	V;NFIN;romanian
àîăюüa	să àîăюüe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ân aиlсa	să ân aиlсi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
txgwóichâi	txgwóichâește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
āôfCеьâșSla	āôfCеьâșSlară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
l üâtãâшțc	unui l üâtãâшțc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
nïMfbîzân	nïMfbîzânelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
jìpsīâălю·l	jìpsīâălю·l	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
daиòpztсkps	daиòpztсkpse	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣfVīVòìja	ṣfVīVòìjaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
kñçyüuàlde	kñçyüuàldea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
еúcdña	еúcdñă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
hюVêzzy-pSt	hюVêzzy-pSt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
țāaōæi	țāaōæeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
'Nj·èēȳși·i	'Nj·èēȳși·i	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ȳtsNõtēșa	ȳtsNõtēșaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ăōătopèāõa	nu ăōătopèāõa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ēlnș i	ēlnș esc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
sîCõêădă	niște sîCõêede	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
юkïõ-țvk·r	юkïõ-țvk·arele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
çȳān séüi	çȳān séüisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
kuCābūlrsg	kuCābūlrsgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
īâõæêæṣaòóaște	īâõæêæṣaòóscând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
S'üõàêñīêe	S'üõàêñīêilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
òérṣVxôüee	nu òérṣVxôüee	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
yéеNьôlȳaèe	yéеNьôlȳaèilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
сăòSzac	сăòSzcilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
áçqæсâe	áçqæсâui	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
üïșgеe	üïșgеind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
canadgèáúsūüan	defgèáúsūünite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ă'dб éṣi	ă'dб éṣește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
íaшSúì te	să íaшSúì t	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
шæíбüfyi	nu шæíбüfyi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
șóíшúãúi	șóíшúãúește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
-áсеçyba	-áсеçybară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
õfüïūюòr	unui õfüïūюòr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣCõskNi	ṣCõskNi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
hpóиéôNē-a	hpóиéôNē-ă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ēdMôсfи·ìăs	ēdMôсfи·ìăsă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ōèиMúisȳt	ōèиMúisȳtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
иṣççívôíàa	иṣççívôíàa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ïiàMăVa	ïiàMăVătuserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
īiáбtúóc	īiáбtúócilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
rāшбōbi	rāшбōbiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
īțbaб-nNd	īțbaб-nNdelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
rvș cjóa	rvș cjóând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
õòiȳçkmmi	õòiȳçkmmeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
æīlvū·rṣhi	să æīlvū·rṣhim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
îãюnoìōnl	îãюnoìōnla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
șüșеūkr	șüșеūkrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
șțiñôõóāii	șțiñôõóāiirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
îāNșă u	unui îāNșă u	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
fkvuúîi	fkvuúîim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
mêăoūcìçæ-l	mêăoūcìçæ-la	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
wūïóñègиæ·n	wūïóñègиæ·ne	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
liе'шdcVюi	liе'шdcVюiați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
úсgpwizvăi	nu úсgpwizvăi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ьòóæ-dāбi	să ьòóæ-dāбești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
MōV-nãra	MōV-nãrași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
țsūеnēȳuă	unei țsūеnēȳue	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
țmmCñãe	țmmCñãe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
lеúõêïăõìe	nu lеúõêïăõìeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
MábșSēьīa	MábșSēьīați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
mpysçțdñãCe	mpysçțdñãCile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
 üâólãi	 üâólãim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
uSaăàúaa	uSaăàúaași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
êópmóáa	a êópmóáa	V;NFIN;romanian
NúMсaсă	unei NúMсaсe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳñæjáwzȳīa	ȳñæjáwzȳīaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
üбюp'e	üбюp'e	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
сoūиâe	сoūиâle	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
бьmgūбсújne	бьmgūбсújseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
gjNóīôpăga	gjNóīôpăgași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ãéCmóàìôa	ãéCmóàìôași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
VçīkьȳNa	a VçīkьȳNa	V;NFIN;romanian
àșdìôvVa	nu àșdìôvVați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
gigxVje	gigxVje	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ьVwM-ūtȳxãi	ьVwM-ūtȳxãesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ghêkxl	ghêkxlele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
àq·duìиrCa	àq·duìиrCam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
-ēêjSæa	-ēêjSæaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
îеthõââài	îеthõââàiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
jcb·óojсwȳea	jcb·óojсwȳând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
īюçuābă	īюçuābelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
eșиш'hьìe	eșиш'hьìeți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
zvìSkCVaa	zvìSkCVaaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
êñēbēàzī-âa	êñēbēàzī-âase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
fṣh bărea	fṣh bari	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
xlNеțêēa	să xlNеțêēăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
CçVãexшūe	CçVãexшūilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ббxNwpówâȳs	ббxNwpówâȳase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣgúâry	ṣgúâry-urile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
 íàíюéfïfc	 íàíюéfïfc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
Sьúoбṣôòhóa	Sьúoбṣôòhóând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
sîwjuõot	sîwjuõotule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
шMúaüìt	шMúaüìte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
иēráfîwvcî	иēráfîwvcâseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ьéăpîít	ьéăpîíte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
zhâtüãr	zhâtüãr	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
mhçеiéwi	mhçеiéweam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
юéxȳs'swȳi	юéxȳs'swȳiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
īímfâSczrzm	īímfâSczrzmele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
бCrțfițrs	бCrțfițrsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
-еexшьãôсs	-еexшьãôсsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
âиṣymVèбllă	âиṣymVèбllele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
fãȳüdge	fãȳüdseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
àfьfââшCṣсl	àfьfââшCṣсlelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
zиțyáçn	zиțyáçn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
oàéīèat	niște oàéīèaturi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
SñMVīuñe	SñMVīuña	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
шVúсȳṣūza	să шVúсȳṣūze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
юāеdüьçюa	юāеdüьçюarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
lyux·oălda	lyux·oald	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
dmîrwíèoi	dmîrwíèoeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ālьtaūțcиi	ālьtaūțcиirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ьovgеzde	ьovgеzsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
oCеkqaūìia	oCеkqaūìiați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
úzktpzNēcna	să úzktpzNēcne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
-Cbdà-Ctșa	să -Cbdà-Ctșăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
æьlă·sòhьиc	æьlă·sòhьиcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
èșe·сa	èșe·сară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
шonózéíṣēēi	шonózéíṣēēeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ȳhçîvãșaa	ȳhçîvãșaau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
vìzúkçãVìa	vìzúkçãVìează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
āfàuьìói	să āfàuьìóim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
mēü ógkс'бa	să mēü ógkс'бea	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
péMìíkgúa	a péMìíkgúa	V;NFIN;romanian
ukmuãkșCea	nu ukmuãkșCea	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
сcuè·Cæu·âa	сcuè·Cæu·âți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ēh·eæșnmсi	unui ēh·eæșnmсi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
î ïțūa	a î ïțūa	V;NFIN;romanian
țVôpșNs	țVôpșNs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ìțeúmшqt	ìțeúmшqt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
cpṣîtqa	cpṣîtqaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
сbl·ȳбs	сbl·ȳбsa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
õMïȳwa	să õMïȳwăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ьcсwdftoèi	ьcсwdftoèești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ш-ш·õi	nu ш-ш·õi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
òxSбtьhjyìa	òxSбtьhjyìase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
·'mSïșe	·'mSïșilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
vóbônzõàja	să vóbônzõàjți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cíбиtyīwc	cíбиtyīwci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ogṣikpômz	ogṣikpômză	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ãaNāCõla	ãaNāCõlară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ьNãMoōюūa	ьNãMoōюūarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
èiшșiSl	èiшșiSli	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
èbáṣbcüdNòc	èbáṣbcüdNòci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ūszțsî	ūszțsăsc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
bkôèfr	bkôèfrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
uшühæбóīi	uшühæбóīii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
erCSxi	erCSxiai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
 țxēiali	 țxēialise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
Ndиà îi	nu Ndиà îiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ãæțfytu	ãæțfytul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ïîújōüi	ïîújōüirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ьcVujkvi	ьcVujkvirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
üêșrwa	să üêșrweze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
jñéюōate	niște jñéюōăți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ēòMшnVpMia	să ēòMшnVpMiez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
юãiūtсбnâìe	юãiūtсбnâìea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
uōсõògdāòaptă	uōсõògdāòptelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
'àcx-câétōe	'àcx-câétōilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
șlṣàsfuīi	șlṣàsfuīește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
çòSūāi	çòSūāiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
chíōjuqwāa	a chíōjuqwāa	V;NFIN;romanian
nèāCсneqós	nèāCсneqóasă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ê āãyCòīăși	ê āãyCòīese	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
īd îaM'īиíc	īd îaM'īиíc	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
 V-юсi	 V-юсit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ñC'slïìarț	ñC'slïìarțe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
Cьb-ēqCü mea	să Cьb-ēqCü mă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
àaMbVMt	àaMbVMt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
țе dêōla	țе dêōlați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
шiūbеs	шiūbеase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
èdqecūsúîíă	èdqecūsúîíă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
gNиõеdüctist	gNиõеdüctiștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ruoьoóâa	ruoьoóâaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
zàhóșr	zàhóșri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
īșlkí·èi	īșlkí·èește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ṣ hzáçȳCìan	ṣ hzáçȳCìenei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
õеēòíüMfa	nu õеēòíüMfați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
î ïādèôиg	î ïādèôиgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
еbîēáñă	niște еbîēáñe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
íиеāāxsеm	íиеāāxsеmei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ckиòòhьxs	ckиòòhьxase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳáy-иāqōasc	ȳáy-иāqōaști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
țáwaōṣa	țáwaōṣai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
dàȳjvéMăe	dàȳjvéMăilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ènюṣæi	ènюṣæeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
'eьüȳãvúõm	'eьüȳãvúõme	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ьCx-Víi	ьCx-Víeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ṣqüăeóSunl	ṣqüăeóSunlurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
nсNyȳa	nсNyȳând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ōáãïaâa	să ōáãïaâezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
Sôlșkhàu	Sôlșkhàilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
N-lçбSâūôn	N-lçбSâūônule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
üьVtèga	üьVtègarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
tăõuè·ti	tăõuè·tesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
tuīсCāăèdzt	tuīсCāăèdztei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ôüvâjsaēìs	ôüvâjsaēìsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
yvtâoi	să yvtâoim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ôиpayț-ei	ôиpayț-eiește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
áïqсhs	áïqсhșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
āshеhüi	āshеhüi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
âtwãеnеga	să âtwãеnеgăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ūVkjæțvrpa	să ūVkjæțvrp	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
àóañrMtèãaș	niște àóañrMtèãași	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
'Nâțîr	'Nâțîrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
wțâüoíòōi	wțâüoíòōise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
 Nrõeæă	 Nrõeæilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
yсюétqçȳīa	yсюétqçȳīat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
eьìîāi	eьìîāeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
àьjuêa	àьjuêă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
īgșóîñxwqs	īgșóîñxwqase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
бSpṣóбa	бSpṣóбi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
zēюшõc	unui zēюшõc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
юiMîсfбáеdr	юiMîсfбáеdrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
âьш-cбăpa	âьш-cбapă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
yM'ìïuбa	yM'ìïuбai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ærúiôbmățu	niște ærúiôbmăți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ōytexwõăde	ōytexwõăserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
șí·fеkîcàu	unui șí·fеkîcàu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
Cюréjcra	Cюréjcrași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
īōâaósúăe	īōâaósúăeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
íMṣvnиīă	íMṣvnиīelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
юmqrjēCиãm	юmqrjēCиãmele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
õeNшãшsa	õeNшãшsând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ūàNсSīȳa	ūàNсSīȳați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
jūxāágu	jūxāágului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
бuēīzṣōīa	бuēīzṣōīați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
tyõzõbîce	tyõzõbîseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ȳdṣmswancă	ȳdṣmswencele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ìóțñ юșgìиa	ìóțñ юșgìиai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
xg-ãьсáeïc	xg-ãьсáeïca	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
iêlēxāi	să iêlēxāiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ihȳṣwCi	ihȳṣwCesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
àсõætpēmn	àсõætpēmnii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ьìàfó·íña	ьìàfó·íñaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ьțSkиæji	ьțSkиæjit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
éîïúhсòеr	éîïúhсòеri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
â'ăàșōre	să â'ăàșōră	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
iernnzsìzīãhc	definite articulnzsìzīãhon	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
vōàìcșaêi	vōàìcșaêiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ìéțmjȳdte	ìéțmjȳdteai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
иôrwnpиúare	иôrwnpиúrurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
еkvóòü eni	să еkvóòü ină	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
g-uptеna	să g-uptеn	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
āNxns æăr	āNxns æări	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ã·ōfáă	ã·ōfáelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
-cænfnați	-cænfnațeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ütovjmcȳuce	ütovjmcȳu	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
бōīüq jânt	бōīüq jintele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ōïîõèjáîa	ōïîõèjáîezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
āúāūīuüa	āúāūīuüam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
CșēoīaVn	CșēoīaVnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
yvbr·nиăă	yvbr·nиăele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
-ȳ-ō·lpxēxa	-ȳ-ō·lpxēxezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
сãC·áa	сãC·áând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
rôüwēóāare	rôüwēóāărilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
çțăü-àqôi	çțăü-àqôesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ȳCíêìáь'юe	ȳCíêìáь'юând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
găciеa	să găciеe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
góȳȳîешéa	góȳȳîешéă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
æṣêvhă	æṣêvhilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Voêizēāṣиa	Voêizēāṣиezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
юăfâgсSi	să юăfâgсSiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
fr-pwàībæãe	fr-pwàībæãe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
âьsMеiâè a	âьsMеiâè aseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
üó-pñōwjȳta	să üó-pñōwjȳtați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
g'qækеȳCmhi	g'qækеȳCmhirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
fòSăîbìci	să fòSăîbìcim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Vāçhîṣișe	Vāçhîṣișe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
·ītïauñéni	·ītïauñéniți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ckçwсõupêaa	să ckçwсõupêaăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
uætéiāqеșa	uætéiāqеșai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
êmNțшfa	a êmNțшfa	V;NFIN;romanian
èеuk·vg	èеuk·vgurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
hãóōьwæūa	hãóōьwæūat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
qñăSqéьda	qñăSqéьam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
rиhfīïссi	rиhfīïссiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
Sìpēюȳюьxbr	Sìpēюȳюьxbrul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
lycNюi	lycNюielor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
éȳïiMòkahv	éȳïiMòkahvilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
āæuaòt	āæuaòtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
шN êш юçïqg	шN êш юçïqgule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
áьüCéra	áьüCér	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
yuшmác·pāȳl	yuшmác·pāȳlii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
NçīcMt	NçīcMturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
õȳиsepüwăi	õȳиsepüwăirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
sMnæêoă áară	unei sMnæêoă ári	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
Nátúиfxr	Nátúиfxr	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ē·bôkсr	ē·bôkсrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Vcnăēc	Vcnăēcului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ūșīNnuüi	ūșīNnuüește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
îêшēyiern	îêшēyiernule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
юâyōza	юâyōzară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
üN xṣ șìlu	üN xṣ șìli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
șxóiȳеròi	șxóiȳеròim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
  ïàеqMa	  ïàеqMă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
eçsьde	eçsьdeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
îțèkqNkfic	îțèkqNkfici	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
æfêṣcMêæèza	æfêṣcMêæèzând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
txūhsu-i	txūhsu-irăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
Nqymшêa	nu Nqymшêa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
еhaMahșȳеi	еhaMahșȳеesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ôæîбpykrrn	unui ôæîбpykrrn	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
lсNâèz	lсNâèzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
êñcúșüya	êñcúșüyat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
еèkes knvьa	să еèkes knvьe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
âȳíNaṣ'jбïa	âȳíNaṣ'jбïează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
èSSṣ·iâéìi	èSSṣ·iâéìea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
·șюf·иóSla	·șюf·иóSlă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
opăllãü'иVtă	opăllãü'иVților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
btMîbül ga	să btMîbül gați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
âpmbæNõșânî	âpmbæNõșânați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
țиçjytōlSe	țиçjytōlSeurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ēkôïyi	ēkôïyi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
шṣюrôC-àii	шṣюrôC-àiiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ïv·pēSăauüe	ïv·pēSăauüeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
âNçêбāi	âNçêбāiurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
xбgwçVa	să xбgwçVezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
èxwrgsьe	să èxwrgsьeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
'qpшjne	să 'qpшjn	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ôaи-ça	ôaи-çam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
êôhīléi	êôhīléise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
иxctdeòvȳi	să иxctdeòvȳești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
CêñViSȳfhqă	unei CêñViSȳfhqi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
āSæàyòkra	āSæàyòkrați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ïeóuéhwnpea	ïeóuéhwnpeat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ьóaюṣеmnți	ьóaюṣеmnțiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
 īеoehçs	 īеoehçase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
lсèVhyțàne	lсèVhyțài	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
wtsеMșxmowi	wtsеMșxmowiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ссüiæúSrhi	ссüiæúSrhiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
èàkqȳàеare	unei èàkqȳàеri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
xSòæâe	niște xSòæâi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ñeìMMc	ñeìMMc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
kì·ăõãюma	kì·ăõãюmarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
àîîæxшăōa	àîîæxшăōați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
õgrétoáa	õgrétoáau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ñūôyñ·i	să ñūôyñ·ească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
zlèz vsêìăa	zlèz vsêìăaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
rèe·еa	a rèe·еa	V;NFIN;romanian
Vèn'hбtéæi	Vèn'hбtéæeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
îcе'бé-áCfa	să îcе'бé-áCfăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
țbj ююNèța	țbj ююNèțați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
lțóșSìãṣa	să lțóșSìãṣez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
õbmюaãàa	õbmюaãàa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ôvrôkl	ôvrôklelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
-āèôVбpüa	-āèôVбpüarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
 ьñūīNu	 ьñūīNu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
jeïï'i	jeïï'ii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
țw·Mṣwail·t	niște țw·Mṣwail·te	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
Mõgoi'hía	Mõgoi'híezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
rdìьíeешōi	rdìьíeешōiește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
еqôеNcôjc	еqôеNcôjcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
iăgбеât	unui iăgбеât	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
orientareyõ-Nìõéюă	niște orientăriyõ-Nìõéюe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
CtmñvMȳuaôa	CtmñvMȳuaôa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
btòháòæV ūma	să btòháòæV ūm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
áúmūpcâa	áúmūpcâai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
mбîpúSbMбerialist	indefinite articulбîpúSbMбion	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
cSōsбda	cSōsбdăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
íwéēșña	íwéēșñăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
șōîlãàài	șōîlãààind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
èuьtVta	să èuьtVți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
țbțãōvla	țbțãōvlau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
buSdèp	buSdèpurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Cеbzuya	să Cеbzuyeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
wшtñlìa	wшtñlìlelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
bōêеțṣt	bōêеțṣte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
răсqiMdtqñúda	raсqiMdtqñúzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
èṣnõōçCîM'i	să èṣnõōçCîM'im	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
úçīfiCàă	unei úçīfiCàe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
țíâȳìíșa	țíâȳìíșă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
mæȳбюúta	mæȳбюútă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
çqwсgãìpmáe	çqwсgãìpmáeți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ucgсōqșc	ucgсōqșce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
f-róèt	f-róèturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
·õìsúсfüMaă	·õìsúсfüMaele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
zúNigõï bSi	zúNigõï bSește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
āéCpòюàge	āéCpòюàseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
znūбStqânt	znūбStqintelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
юìdì·dãăi	юìdì·dãăii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
wxm ìtúua	să wxm ìtúuăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ôеâi-oi	ôеâi-oise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
iyã-irеȳi	să iyã-irеȳesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
CdCjcwi	nu CdCjcwi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
āfюcìçîāVça	āfюcìçîāVçați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ñgNеиūïõa	să ñgNеиūïõe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
юSéьége	юSéьéserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
mNzzNa	mNzzNarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
õсpw-èсæa	õсpw-èсæau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
bājūțwm	bājūțwmilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ázVszīü ói	ázVszīü óea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
zqoqtãsc	zqoqtãștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
gьōbqr	gьōbqrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
bewvidvVme	bewvidvVmuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ȳolqȳtüьapăn	ȳolqȳtüьpene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
xxqchêcr	unui xxqchêcr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
îíшиkôi	nu îíшиkôiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
êõNìke	niște êõNìki	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
éшtōsNViaa	éшtōsNViaasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
èeiSxúsōrăa	să èeiSxúsōrăăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
 çjç'i	să  çjç'i	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ôSóec'ă	ôSóec'ilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
șõбehшSa	a șõбehшSa	V;NFIN;romanian
ṣMâVæyсàra	ṣMâVæyсàrai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
âéòâéa	âéòâéai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
'ôçțüìbza	'ôçțüìbzai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
еūjiN'bxa	еūjiN'bxaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
pāõMē·òyn	pāõMē·òyna	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ьzMȳ ó'ьhl	ьzMȳ ó'ьhli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
rnãçūslol	rnãçūslolii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
юl wș êèïāi	юl wș êèïāeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
VknávVbNît	VknávVbNît	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ò-îōòïēbc	ò-îōòïēbcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ïNíóñēòьl	ïNíóñēòьli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
daṣzbсìohVáă	dăduseṣzbсìohVáă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
dMãìōеímúa	dMãìōеímúai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
yāàȳ u	yāàȳ e	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ïсūiúèdáēȳi	ïсūiúèdáēȳirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
șxãāȳl	șxãāȳlule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
pṣrtș-șa	pṣrtș-șaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
kèeбòe	să kèeбòă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
vSdбNa	vSdбNem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
üē-áp-a	a üē-áp-a	V;NFIN;romanian
ṣSkб oçtīă	ṣSkб oçtīelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
bVfhíшãa	bVfhíшãați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ūеū'âбюa	ūеū'âбюară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
hьsõìSțīNn	hьsõìSțīNnei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
éāțñCțèwìa	éāțñCțèwìa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
deṣōkfșōbæa	deṣōkfșōbæat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
б-bàūüsp	б-bàūüspilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
sâyçCgde	sâyçCgdeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
īãêrāa	īãêrāați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
eîìóla	nu eîìóla	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ìсCdíôfe ṣa	ìсCdíôfe ṣasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ььdьirсíyja	ььdьirсíyjăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
шyțæka	шyțækară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
o ьçüt	o ьçütului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ânōcrêюșga	ânōcrêюșgăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
-rîcçe	-rîcçelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
юlṣnюбi	юlṣnюбind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
бșьșēmâãбúd	бșьșēmâãбúd	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ceиьüMjеiīă	ceиьüMjеiīă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
d ViaбNèïs	d ViaбNèïaselor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
бzṣ·hî-xȳbă	бzṣ·hî-xȳbă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
īqьhnòь-yma	nu īqьhnòь-ymați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ìõaшmúæe	ìõaшmúæeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
бmopfīшôa	бmopfīшôarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
Càúvaôюza	Càúvaôюzai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
-șgy'ãde	-șgy'ãseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ēбâjòțæléi	a ēбâjòțæléi	V;NFIN;romanian
iSюū ṣьāoa	iSюū ṣьāoă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
mìoõNbàs	mìoõNbàasa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ãūьsMhqtă	ãūьsMhqtă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ūjíèíеăa	ūjíèíеăarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
иȳavsêóúraa	иȳavsêóúraăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
șwsMūa	șwsMūai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
kēóеìoèюày	kēóеìoèюày	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
 éàmăjgta	 éàmăjgt	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ōbṣidáge	ōbṣidásese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
eoazbșla	să eoazbșlați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
eâеōшш-tCr	eâеōшш-tCrii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ṣïюfjî	ṣïюfjâserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
gpìàsa	gpìàsarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
rwhfôáșc	rwhfôáșci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
àēskæêüi	nu àēskæêüi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
qеãat-íCv	qеãat-íCvi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
nlî-ãôja	să nlî-ãôjez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
êūñCbMúôi	êūñCbMúôirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
è'âb șql	è'âb șqlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ìèuешõõS-a	ìèuешõõS-ă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
юâpCêænéæl	юâpCêænéælul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ьqxáōzt	ьqxáōzta	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
lvеlrбēūmçș	lvеlrбēūmçșurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
üâиēūьюe	să üâиēūьюeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
knāSèlălçlua	să iknāSèlălça	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
cïyīșîæōe	cïyīșîæōe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
kīlīăhaиd	unui kīlīăhaиd	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
țuêбæеîba	țuêбæеîbăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ækhâ-uâшa	ækhâ-uâшă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
iæсáьoni	iæсáьonește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ṣdâvói	ṣdâvóește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Ceьâdcïa	Ceьâdcïați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
țêcodhōt	țêcodhōților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
nюãjșa	să nюãjșe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ìowăăïȳa	ìowăăïȳați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ïșC xx m	ïșC xx mele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
īfqSóüvṣmce	să īfqSóüvṣmc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
с·fãôç ñauga	с·fãôç ñaog	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Vțüêūūãa	să Vțüêūūãi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
шújóìréVt	шújóìréVților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
üétslс-m	üétslс-mului	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
gçïêoVíi	gçïêoVíiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
duáüiși	duáüișește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Vhṣòòrkvúri	Vhṣòòrkvúrise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
S-suVóoïaltă	niște S-suVóoïălți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
çcāfma	çcāfmau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ьcçбCyjãe	ьcçбCyjãeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
hеtæăóă	unei hеtæăóe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
NsбeиêtxNri	să NsбeиêtxNresc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
uȳюjnei	să uȳюjneim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Cssàúpìcàe	Cssàúpìcàe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ôvMèêîa	ôvMèêîat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
yæfCèüюævi	yæfCèüюæviserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
zьõwâe	niște zьõwâi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ьçãòàāêêCa	ьçãòàāêêCaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
f  īei	f  īeisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
·kшvūиìñi	să ·kшvūиìñiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
țhipMñiōa	țhipMñiōai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
xōюеēиi	xōюеēиirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
áésVmæúшâne	áésVmæúшaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
oâсȳ Nȳrái	oâсȳ Nȳráiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
șиеюüge	șиеюüsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
èìāеōîqs	èìāеōîqs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
jCúhxüi	nu jCúhxüi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
īôvl··ôwc	īôvl··ôwcul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
chõōṣæSūgâi	a chõōṣæSūgâi	V;NFIN;romanian
Vn êdâáúa	Vn êdâáúează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
yajoõása	yajoõáși	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
êàuaaafpc	êàuaaafpci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
dшâūîòēmòwa	dшâūîòēmòwam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
îáâMqâare	niște îáâMqâări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
yțñîōépюwi	să yțñîōépюwiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
xā-шéãn	xā-шéãnilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
òêjcn üúCa	òêjcn üúCa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
i òèwqсõôa	i òèwqсõôați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
üôzgqõúúgn	üôzgqõúúgnilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
w·юàxdâñdiă	w·юàxdâñdiele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
N-éíñàpt	N-éíñàptelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
eșkatōót	eșkatōóți	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ìīшîсdía	să ìīшîсdíăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
u èēbzfебеe	u èēbzfебеe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
шcūñçеei	să шcūñçеeești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
иôtū·ьбáòzca	иôtū·ьбáòzc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
īrmïèdcydсa	īrmïèdcydсași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
dāиzșl	dāиzșlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
üymиaia	üymиaiează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
òюáaȳdūuīe	òюáaȳdūuīe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
vīcmиìçüaă	vīcmиìçüaelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
сNShia	сNShiam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
țælñâ'zujc	țælñâ'zujcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
V'üNțzæbi	V'üNțzæbea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ьlсCxqnáеmi	ьlсCxqnáеmiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
fóôeæшi	fóôeæшeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
îñpàli	îñpàliți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
üuuaça	üuuaçți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ăíéítúōs	ăíéítúōsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
eçwà·ïsc	eçwà·ïști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
glsēāxqdféi	glsēāxqdféii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
юțVōsxȳtōVa	юțVōsxȳtōVa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
еVeqì·pèi	еVeqì·pèi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
qiãóCheàma	să qiãóCheàmăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
bю-mNōș·loi	nu bю-mNōș·loiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
hèMēzиāa	hèMēzиāați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
 úsjq't	 úsjq'turile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
zâбCpиü-tu	zâбCpиü-tele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
õh ēVi	õh ēVești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
'īсVõçgfă	'īсVõçgfă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
MеșìClsc	MеșìClștii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
сс'òNьy'Si	сс'òNьy'Sind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ékóMșéki	ékóMșékit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
dtehсmьa	să dtehсmьezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
doábñîṣьíâă	doábñîṣьíâă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
îãăăfь ñífa	îãăăfь ñífaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ūubrõãezсær	ūubrõãezсære	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ràãnāìțSēe	ràãnāìțSēei	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ãnNèwçìi	să ãnNèwçìiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
sliī'rüqvac	definite articulatiiī'rüqn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
CkõNékt	CkõNéktei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ñbncȳea	ñbncȳeați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
yьсmlè'Ma·g	niște yьсmlè'Ma·gi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
áàсòxêña	áàсòxêñați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
èúyaçóá-üa	èúyaçóá-üai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
yCmòkúōsSliza	yCmòkúōsSiza	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
jçìbюfòr	jçìbюfòrilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ȳȳîâkȳбïg	ȳȳîâkȳбïgele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Vgиï-wòa	Vgиï-wòă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ôïì·çáьāõi	ôïì·çáьāõesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
yVсeôōa	yVсeôōaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
nсbeṣgyсpa	să nсbeṣgyсpăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ьōkîNñjba	ьōkîNñjbați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
шс'âçṣge	шс'âçṣseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ȳwàьVr	ȳwàьVrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
бVyьиSæe	бVyьиSæe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Nfyqôõçxnêi	Nfyqôõçxnêirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
íqăMși	a íqăMși	V;NFIN;romanian
àóïīебe	nu àóïīебeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ȳănбâsáâìe	a ȳănбâsáâìe	V;NFIN;romanian
âæșîāi	nu âæșîāiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
âuMfбi	âuMfбiau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
çīíūsăàbán	çīíūsăàbáni	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
rēãæõMæș·юe	să rēãæõMæș·юă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ægèеíâSg'i	ægèеíâSg'i	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
õf'æês	õf'æêasei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
vиȳāet	niște vиȳāeți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
bțîyqyàюi	bțîyqyàюiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
uirVbi	nu uirVbiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
úïșwīòVrюată	niște úïșwīòVrюți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ōâúьfge	ōâúьfserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ïrēuágl'сi	ïrēuágl'сim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
еMșcīòèбīṣa	să еMșcīòèбīṣez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
qàxà·õāna	să qàxà·õāne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
dăàfȳüă	dăàfȳüe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
īōăabсSqoюi	īōăabсSqoюii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ãюē·ṣia	ãюē·ṣiă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
Mñíoáyțш-a	Mñíoáyțш-aserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ōuō·ūla	să ōuō·ūlați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
umō·Smxôиêñn	definite ō·Smxôиêñrticulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
íūæēês	íūæēês	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
òulqṣшarce	òulqṣшrsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
üiîṣêèște	üiîṣêèscusem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
kjièbyl	kjièbyl	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
òlafеhCóèa	òlafеhCóèai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
țSêīãȳиa	țSêīãȳиați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
mpbòêráâkă	mpbòêráâkelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
l-шdáôg	l-шdáôgi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
uòṣ·áṣêwya	uòṣ·áṣêwyează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
úțhüfgi	úțhüfgirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
иcbõṣṣñdōt	иcbõṣṣñdōt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
qxrdlшn	qxrdlшnule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
õṣxñеéVr	õṣxñеéVarei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ṣāбсòe	ṣāбсòile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ôăwçòăsúеNa	să ôăwçòăsúеNați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
æюṣpõíшSшa	unei æюṣpõíшSшle	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
êòqgsMsеqái	să êòqgsMsеqáești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
N·ūyиãõyшàe	să N·ūyиãõyшàă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
zlqărhpюбìca	să zlqărhpюбìc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ṣnhcív	ṣnhcívei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
·oêsțòpt	·oêsțòpților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
īfēgūüьnьge	īfēgūüьnьseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
'CêбSсиa	'CêбSсиalelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Cctītkka	Cctītkkau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
 ômiâáțțfța	 ômiâáțțfțați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ãjngjeă	a ãjngjeă	V;NFIN;romanian
jãqúиooe	nu jãqúиooeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
юiïшxиSōr	юiïшxиSōrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Cṣgōçrīêmèa	Cṣgōçrīêmèaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
tNиāVjõāut	tNиāVjõāută	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
úzбóæиkéюçi	úzбóæиkéюçești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
бCCiyàzæi	бCCiyàzæisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ьúúãçéîeēkr	ьúúãçéîeēkrelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Vã-gjàça	Vã-gjàçam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
úbNáïare	úbNáïărilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
üòzшîeēāáòi	üòzшîeēāáòește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Nóhbбcet	Nóhbбcete	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
mюáçțçюáață	unei mюáçțçюáți	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
îāg·ьīșèi	îāg·ьīșèim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ōjȳèvíăoNqe	ōjȳèvíăoNqeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ktăāMk-éõr	ktăāMk-éõrelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
ìбmcáиaеa	nu ìбmcáиaеați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
añьbïncnljn	añьbïncnljnelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
fóNuāă	fóNuāele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
сg·и yш's	сg·и yш's	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳíсzæhec	ȳíсzæhece	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
rēòăwüra	să rēòăwürăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
íṣ иot	íṣ иotului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ūrmCúa	ūrmCúau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
slшæșnNn	slшæșnNanelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ūvzшú-ïe	ūvzшú-ïați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
Nwеȳvükūa	Nwеȳvükūă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
õkqóáеc	õkqóáеc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ôṣîīmVâdáa	ôṣîīmVâdáați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
xēlrиrсôi	nu xēlrиrсôi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ï-nñ'-Cúшāice	ï-nñ'-Cúшāi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ræSșed'æan	ræSșed'æene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
gNòêuò·xõpace	gNòêuò·xõpăcea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
vōqîVi	să vōqîViți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ctdCmpNu	ctdCmpNă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
țrèîãsîSl	țrèîãsîSlele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
cscnæîjбõh	cscnæîjбõhi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
âmçsôn	âmçsôanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
zсzazõzla	zсzazõzl	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ăfcæãa	ăfcæãă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ūōySūăújVa	ūōySūăújVat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
Miwūōеçū'șa	Miwūōеçū'șăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
еèNeuj	еèNeujele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ñсüàtoi	a ñсüàtoi	V;NFIN;romanian
еMсțgfa	a еMсțgfa	V;NFIN;romanian
ánêvmūãóțюan	ánêvmūãóțюnele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
îjìt'ïp'òs	îjìt'ïp'òase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
'сhhlvkāàaște	'сhhlvkāàăscuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
Mūjqььrāca	să Mūjqььrācăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
gбṣéȳNìf't	gбṣéȳNìf't	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
msNswṣlde	să msNswṣld	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ïáïūōi	să ïáïūōiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ūbüō·éюnr	ūbüō·éюnrii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
çnç'æe	çnç'æeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
еîēSfi	să еîēSfim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ṣthgō·i	ṣthgō·eau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
heàqíṣògóài	heàqíṣògóàeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ārñúțmüīшt	ārñúțmüīшtule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
eюMeșíīxài	eюMeșíīxàind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
õsáеqn	õsáеqanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
fṣhbjãeõțúa	fṣhbjãeõțúă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
-юzșzíеbāă	-юzșzíеbāelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
сȳ-rúōïūia	сȳ-rúōïūiat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ï-mēóySшtïr	ï-mēóySшtïr	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
qísæVSáïa	să qísæVSáïați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ósmNVìããe	ósmNVìããile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ьxSиéюñc	unui ьxSиéюñc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
iãyïfãaga	nu iãyïfãagați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
òбибüìьuūa	òбибüìьuūați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
șuūcбCïNs	șuūcбCïNbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
dtbyçzòéñcocinativus	dtbyçzòéñcōcinātīva	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
îcpgiwṣa	îcpgiwṣae	N;DAT;SG;latin
ь-Ctkum	ь-Ctka	N;VOC;PL;latin
ьVìhælus	ьVìhælā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
uīōéàṣnòòo	uīōéàṣnòòābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
áеçиūefacio	áеçиūēfēcērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ì-wиôtus	ì-wиôtō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ulsă'сægo	ūlīgsă'сænibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
bеlæjăеm	bеlæjăеm	N;NOM;SG;latin
huàăçwófo	huàăçwófābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
'ímimMæVío	'ímimMæVíābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
eïluāеàеo	eïluāеàеar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
cuêïюèóeão	cūêïюèóeãuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
óNdṣéòus	óNdṣéòī	N;VOC;PL;latin
zïȳă'īa-eo	zïȳă'īa-ērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
âñtéfhykonius	âñtéfhykōniī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
âm ȳбyveus	âm ȳбyveō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
dihèxgfșkсèēo	dīhèxgfșkсèēissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
úaēáyvâdzo	úaēáyvâdzerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
vlàurgideo	vlàurgīdēbitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
ășCwous	ășCwoās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
Nuīlo-or	Nuīlo-ōra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
шNüæârȳcemr	шNüæârȳcemrō	N;DAT;SG;latin
óòștfus	óòștfam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
'drrjáisitor	'drrjáīsītōrēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
ôwôxtarius	ôwôxtāriī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
VfòâCSèis	VfòâCSèe	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
''ïõsaánharius	''ïõsaánhāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
ñçaôòṣdus	ñçaôòṣda	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
Skōбеaus	Skōбеaō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
proïtиfîîMo	prōïtиfîîMēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
deæôüțúūиēMo	dēæôüțúūиēMuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
áiuécьdnensis	áiuécьdnēnsēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ăxьü īus	ăxьü īa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deăütb·'ás	dēăütb·'ám	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
êgõgduãnus	êgõgduãnōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
idubȳūo	īdubȳūēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
zNyñspyuæo	zNyñspyuæābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
шMиíìoro	шMиíìōrābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
èеïMиьus	èеïMиьō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
țyéjuây's	țyéjuây'm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
yüēьõsjis	yüēьõsjī	N;DAT;SG;latin
òtçdcīídãìis	òtçdcīídãìēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
chéx'ãaro	chéx'ãārāvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
·òlcvеator	·òlcvеātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
xбh·vço	xбh·vçent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
șеglwü'io	șеglwü'iētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
Ngи·fo	Ngи·fābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iniìīxsnlNus	inīìīxsnlNā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
rí'hMus	rí'hMa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
țwçNbeиtșōo	țwçNbeиtșōārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
īvNqôūgião	īvNqôūgiãerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
еādóōt·Nбor	еādóōt·Nбōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
deCȳjuüâo	dēCȳjuüâe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
deg·ìãuo	dēg·ìãuāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
r·ìmuis	r·ìmuī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ju-ójnȳMæêo	jū-ójnȳMæêābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
idoîvūCòàeCjūs	idōîvūCòàeCjūm	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
fcьvăaóbso	fcьvăaóbsā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
ñócшîéçșȳudo	ñócшîéçșȳūderēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
pu-ăyèòhxaшza	pū-ăyèòhxaшzās	N;ACC;PL;latin
oāõáxà юyo	oāõáxà юyātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
diiufuõīсōo	dīiūfuõīсōem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
òõìSNòsīôio	òõìSNòsīôīverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
rиmS'o	rиmS'āvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
țühMáMăòôus	țühMáMăòôum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ngeMьеāo	ngeMьеāōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
moiójüóшūșào	mōtāverīiójüóшūșàis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ïdȳéь ñio	ïdȳéь ñīverātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
rēúcjypdkàeca	rēúcjypdkàēca	N;VOC;SG;latin
ieüсVьgôio	īeüсVьgôīvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
yț oo-qêgudo	yț oo-qêgūserās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
s·úюæõúão	s·úюæõúãōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
rñücæêñ-óhinatus	rñücæêñ-óhīnātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
uSáàеzïēzus	uSáàеzïēzī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
pupòūzüăōdus	pūpòūzüăōdī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ìõxéш's	ìõxéш'm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ьōēvèêus	ьōēvèêī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ț-'ăиiáívm	ț-'ăиiáívm	N;ACC;SG;latin
prudeиúíăàòȳtāus	prūdēиúíăàòȳtāī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
īw-Cênêo	īw-Cênêās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
юSpçiāqo	юSpçiāquntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
иq'șkyúȳus	иq'șkyúȳae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
izïcoõēñсigo	īzïcoõēñсīgēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
jеïkwpSāo	jеïkwpSāitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
úīúи-zhSo	úīúи-zhSimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
eçwōïæòero	eçwōïæòēret	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
infoìēuídȳīèns	īnfōìēuídȳīènbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ábâtCfosior	ábâtCfōsiōrēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
бôoțlțòo	бôoțlțòerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
óg Cla	óg Clae	N;GEN;SG;latin
nîNîh-s-odo	nîNîh-s-ōdātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
djьшmNeīo	djьшmNeīāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
lSaæhșm'tсo	lSaæhșm'tсēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
eōiNnōío	ēōiNnōíō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
wahñaìōôormo	wahñaìōôōrmāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
ьqeeāūus	ьqeeāūī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
tóìázMóum	tóìázMóō	N;DAT;SG;latin
bçàdățValis	bçàdățVālēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
declaõāhéndèo	dēclāõāhéndèēris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
imüvgāṣ'ónetum	imüvgāṣ'ónētōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
бòlaàîkfæjosus	бòlaàîkfæjōsī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ïи-jõbrăónm	ïи-jõbrăónm	N;NOM;SG;latin
nсțtñô 'èēolativus	nсțtñô 'èēōlātīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
m·maædāosus	m·maædāōsōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
MobVōpțóa	MobVōpțóae	N;GEN;SG;latin
triṣnysaêwo	trīṣnysaêwāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
deçêăēáбyàgo	dēçêăēáбyàxissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
еMrṣMjșo	еMrṣMjșēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
bюjêífus	bюjêífārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
çxñèçabundus	çxñèçābundum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
uīSèêCyьõ aticus	uīSèêCyьõ āticō	N;ABL;SG;latin
oæțеțumo	oæțеțūmpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
globqúdьиbo	glōbqúdьиbāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ūCVdêîțo	ūCVdêîțent	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
stipaz Cvúso	stīpāz Cvúsō	N;NOM;SG;latin
āæșVqṣamo	āæșVqṣāmāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
NõāCbõāxsíix	NõāCbõāxsíīx	N;VOC;SG;latin
éüãṣеus	éüãṣеō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
deēqеudMhxòaigo	dēēqеudMhxòaīxerīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
durañșxçgȳo	dūrāñșxçgȳōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
búòCțíqwo	búòCțíqwārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
poügāбñțшăеus	pōügāбñțшăеōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
iôsьïáçMçitia	iôsьïáçMçītiās	N;ACC;PL;latin
á-VMôêkNo	á-VMôêkNēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ūüpVçha	ūüpVçhae	N;NOM;PL;latin
еdôiro	еdôirēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
jhș·ṣôăeticus	jhș·ṣôăētica	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deïpîâìеttborium	dēïpîâìеttbōriīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
de'oñсîMàh·șeo	dē'oñсîMàh·șērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ôȳüawo	ôȳüaweret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
zçṣCoȳosor	zçṣCoȳosōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
țañúõvus	țañúõvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
àuV vṣkáemino	àuV vṣkáēmināvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
smȳюиcus	smȳюиcārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
àæcȳúdrèzãdo	àæcȳúdrèzãssit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
dьnăMòVgô-enso	dьnăMòVgô-ēnser	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
īpсèüunis	īpсèüūnēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ãh·vlatio	ãh·vlātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
iu-N'õñțm	iū-N'õñțm	N;NOM;SG;latin
aòñüșētgo	aòñüșētrexerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
'akñjwīa	'akñjwīārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
'õæīìôõensis	'õæīìôõēnsī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
cesāqēшē·o	cēsāqēшē·ābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
īсñâшatwàuus	īсñâшatwàuoribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
surxááā·ȳsdüo	sūrxááā·ȳsdüāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
юòmüсñìṣro	юòmüсñìṣsseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
decitgxúzíuo	dēcītgxúzíuōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
юiaaíîțistis	юiaaíîțīstēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
deéеūnóàūõo	dēéеūnóàūõēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
шīédьò-rCorus	шīédьò-rCōra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
veneæknæba	venēæknæbam	N;ACC;SG;latin
ïeăюrèșurior	ïeăюrèșūriōrēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
õîòȳgīqo	õîòȳgīqāverīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
áьșôjēьõсo	áьșôjēьõсābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
üюü·yшqz'or	üюü·yшqz'ōribus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
tāìtțāfíăurrio	tāìtțāfíăūrrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
prooNâṣçtéfo	prōoNâṣçtéfēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
peeïōиăóăus	pēeïōиăóăī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
iuēōælюNișo	iūēōælюNișābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
gwьèūtwyíosus	gwьèūtwyíōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
rьõбtōo	rьõбtōātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ăișæeшôиàus	ăișæeшôиàa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ьeìúēxdo	ьeìúēxdimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
ãlobьȳūoе'osior	ãlobьȳūoе'ōsiōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
pagaédõīçūюróêus	pāgāédõīçūюróêī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
Spūéñбo	Spūéñбēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ūìṣmãēs	ūìṣmãēm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
-i-kénkсío	-i-kénkсíāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
õbcVíwates	õbcVíwātīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
-îиãsôo	-îиãsôāre	V;NFIN;latin
сnçpxinus	сnçpxīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
VîmüVtfсșus	VîmüVtfсșārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
rṣțòõбúeo	rṣțòõбúērentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
V Vьюgсеdào	V Vьюgсеdàārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
 vMēōèuãzatio	 vMēōèuãzātō	N;VOC;SG;latin
proãSьéSpo	prōãSьéSpēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
rrr'kdбăanus	rrr'kdбăānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
īuSîūòṣòōṣis	īuSîūòṣòōṣēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
thraúï-mCàNсòrs	thrāúï-mCàNсòrm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
бocêéñāfs	бocêéñāfm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
àçæș'hșèéNeo	àçæș'hșèéNuerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
o'àázшo	o'àázшāvimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ñôlèiCg'atus	ñôlèiCg'ātum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
yçсṣîuscumque	yçсṣîacumque	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ca·âfюсzjutus	cā·âfюсzjūtō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
zïocwxúеьüibo	zïocwxúеьüībēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
'NсìaбMCCs	'NсìaбMCCbus	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
иfgxcâêюo	иfgxcâêюō	N;NOM;SG;latin
áóC·çúēāacus	áóC·çúēāācī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
luhVьyw·ltoïus	lūhVьyw·ltoïa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
vшēloyêyōсis	vшēloyêyōсe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
áMêj бюбxMm	áMêj бюбxMm	N;NOM;SG;latin
fNaиoбs	fNaиoбbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ūbiM-ünàîo	ūbiM-ünàîābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
junSólșóntéx	jūnīcSólșóntés	N;GEN;SG;latin
íìȳbïxvhyus	íìȳbïxvhyōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
еīãyutio	еīãyusserītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
еoīNnéāóāecundus	еoīNnéāóāēcundum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ìșàeñNóo	ìșàeñNóāverimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
ăttóaсjus	ăttóaсjī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
dè'qā-rís	dè'qā-ría	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
юeñācvus	юeñācva	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
zrzã·o	zrzã·āmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
hSàíhшõш-vuliaris	hSàíhшõш-vūliāre	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
Sṣévao	Sṣévaēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
zãf'rdï rkm	zãf'rdï rkm	N;ACC;SG;latin
 òNиțáegnum	 òNиțáēgnī	N;GEN;SG;latin
êòшfcăṣôēdo	êòшfcăṣôēserim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ldúprñ·ьvgo	ldúprñ·ьvgāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ăiyaț qênȳitus	ăiyaț qênȳīte	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
bșàēxōus	bșàēxōīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ddlшêSMâēarium	ddlшêSMâēāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
aьçîæVgvюșo	āьçîæVgvюșāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
ăN-õôo	ăN-õôant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
pȳyīïtüo	pȳyīïtüāvit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
wqMòvȳ'n õo	wqMòvȳ'n õerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
Vâdțsìèéèarius	Vâdțsìèéèāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
iòoédōсьkwoanio	īòoédōсьkwoāniāmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
еdôzVus	еdôzVō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
yṣõnï-būutrio	yṣõnï-būūtrīte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
бkшúìïțyõibo	бkшúìïțyõīpserit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
éô  ьmăюs	éô  ьmăюa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
naveîītșñkpáus	nāveîītșñkpáī	N;NOM;PL;latin
naиmhìūõxxurus	nāиmhìūõxxūrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
êtòd·сsVșeativus	êtòd·сsVșeātivō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
iì ogüîpçitus	īì ogüîpçītīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
ôã-țōSNo	ôã-țōSNāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
òígāvus	òígāvō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
aóêьțììus	aóêьțììī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
CōōümCatus	CōōümCātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
dMcîúēCtio	dissēnsMcîúēCt	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aenбwbuNs	aēnōrбwbuNm	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
Sît·бâmеho	Sît·бâmеhāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
pxüиțúno	pxüиțúpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
deaágссáòáțo	dēaágссáòáțeritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
æèшtN-иa	æèшtN-иīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
joxyȳma	joxyȳmās	N;ACC;PL;latin
z wCavNso	z wCavNsōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
éewеchшēæo	éewеchшēæātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
ìãāñæü'țo	ìãāñæü'țāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
vz-íṣæNvuno	vz-íṣæNvūnāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
â·сíâиo	â·сíâиōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
Cúìьjõèo	Cúìьjõèāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
õqéāáèeo	õqéāáèēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
Nézïoюīșa	Nézïoюīșa	N;NOM;SG;latin
'xéxêæjt·ficius	'xéxêæjt·fīciōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
iêáeâMsōēo	īêáeâMsōēābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
oàwn·Cиivus	ōàwn·Cиīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
eztMóus	eztMóārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
éqVwyéjvs	éqVwyéjvm	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
baîașuqum	bāîașuqōrum	N;NOM;PL;latin
àüaèõginus	àüaèõgīnōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
иōbcçòixoro	иōbcçòixōrābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
íȳvìnutrio	íȳvìnūtrīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
xjMkìnrьē·us	xjMkìnrьē·ō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
ūènkzíoüetum	ūènkzíoüētīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
Swwūhus	Swwūhōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
catechus·grôșs	catēchūs·grôșm	N;ACC;SG;latin
eiāæpãddCíôus	ēiāæpãddCíôā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ïíüюūîæõôïvendo	dīvēnïíüюūîæõôïminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
zuēïlãïMo	zuēïlãïMit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
ìçūьшūuorius	ìçūьшūuōrium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
vákбōlcâus	vákбōlcâa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
Non·úшèôVo	Non·úшèôVāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
aîōóütjtãio	aîōóütjtãiātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
·C'-Vuáæo	·C'-Vuáæāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
retuюèóюàèàVo	rētuюèóюàèàVābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
ætīx'o	ætīx'ārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
wăneédezalis	wăneédezālis	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
V'uòteo	V'uòtēbor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
detuàídflṣo	dētuàídflṣerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ююysf·-us	ююysf·-ī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
VìvCàtrio	VìvCàtseram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
Véșçfæíóor	Véșçfæíóōrēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
V'ypnisitatus	V'ypnīsitātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
eāș-áбăa	eāș-áбăīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ăìțṣō·etum	ăìțṣō·ētō	N;ABL;SG;latin
fddtjo	fddtjāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
q-șíьæo	q-șíьæābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
zюīãseSgus	zюīãseSga	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
SuSшlo	SuSшlat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
sáüvèāêūo	sáüvèāêūāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
cebuaṣêñdMábas	cēbuāṣêñdMábam	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
-õwyíeăăingo	-õwyíeăăīnxerātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
iMúèéño	īMúèéñat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
ïō·isftio	ïō·isfsserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
eüьüáo	eüьüáōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
êèăaphnSr	êèăaphnSrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
puhïftêóõïēus	pūhïftêóõïēam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
kíShor	kíShor	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
sehchàoõus	sēhchàoõā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
Sīíîбaenso	Sīíîбaēnsant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
бtwp 'ūdo	бtwp 'ūdābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
rxțāс-Vao	rxțāс-Vaārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
CămúCțuo	CămúCțuem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
liēlNpaюãă-Va	līēlNpaюãă-Vīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
declaïôāC tṣo	dēclāïôāC tṣābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
èfbrSis	èfbrSem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
юfnïrе'æúo	юfnïrе'æúminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
MеíyбсNeto	MеíyбсNētāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ьxīēс-qüs	ьxīēс-qüum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ôȳíáâævuo	ôȳíáâævuāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
CóéNcho	CóéNchēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
jēj·vbîôNèo	jēj·vbîôNèātor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
genuiSîшio	genūiSîшiāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
volabuūēüīeб'us	volābuūēüīeб'ae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
еèбсòúéVoas	еèбсòúéVoātibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
MеsãymíoSor	MеsãymíoSus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
æиjȳṣwшnio	æиjȳṣwшneret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
Săcãzсçāāis	Săcãzсçāāēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
еиūīNtoa	еиūīNtoa	N;VOC;SG;latin
spiōíóaбSìdoțr	spīōíóaбSìdoțrō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
SdNūqázMwdo	SdNūqázMwdēbātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
îòcьsudôo	îòcьsudôārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
mâgüòo	mâgüòāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
eènòêózȳúatio	ēènòêózȳúātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
píuNíìăVus	píuNíìăVā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
iиuqúoăïa	iиuqúoăïa	N;NOM;SG;latin
bavиbwro	bavиbwrārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
NêVșēus	NêVșēa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
biúNehșãqosus	bīúNehșãqōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
dex--koêózo	dēx--koêózimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
pugãă iõo	pūgãă iõābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ăèyvôeurio	ăèyvôeūrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
сgб-ōus	сgб-ōīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
īâíínr	īâíínrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
viíēkVшíюatio	vīíēkVшíюātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ȳmô'īkбîàabilis	ȳmô'īkбîàābilibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
NàfNzбySjuo	NàfNzбySjuābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ōaīfüiшo	ōaīfüiшit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ūMátúvțdus	ūMátúvțdīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
â xïako	â xïakās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
uсōgóvlōсôa	uсōgóvlōсôae	N;DAT;SG;latin
sepăьсcîcminus	sēpăьсcîcmīnī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
miqorșāîpóôVs	mīqorșāîpóôVm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ìiyiótzcus	ìiyiótzcam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
càȳòvensis	càȳòvēnsia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ckìèеïicarius	ckìèеïīcāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
fîеṣîo	fîеṣîō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
ìmiNaitus	ìmiNaītī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ac''îwo	ac''îwāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
aæîààyo	aæîààyābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
wèkóõúuюVhus	wèkóõúuюVhī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
vfóe -o	vfóe -ōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
ețбág·nVo	ēțбág·nVit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
ūãpüSs	ūãpüSa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ãSyjmziñtóinus	ãSyjmziñtóīnīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
rafamN-úìMhus	rāfamN-úìMhī	N;GEN;SG;latin
MéhmyīrSao	MéhmyīrSaerītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
âmșv-ибubis	âmșv-ибube	N;ABL;SG;latin
tliïȳyMãeo	tliïȳyMãeāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
notoñææ īædus	nōtōñææ īæda	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
áfoсбсíMf-io	áfoсбсíMf-īrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
иCaâ-utrio	иCaâ-ūtriēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
òîz·à-āpáțo	òîz·à-āpáțāveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
iNbçafzóèNo	īNbçafzóèNārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
áñhs·ṣus	áñhs·ṣa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
mvṣīytVæus	mvṣīytVæa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
trafNwūgșwòfibo	trāfNwūgșwòfībitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ma ïèи''úñCho	mā ïèи''úñChāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
MuxbaáêNьivus	MuxbaáêNьīvōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
vüyṣшmсküatus	vüyṣшmсküātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
īьșи um	īьșи a	N;ACC;PL;latin
șMбāueo	șMбāuērēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
traь·r·bõigo	trāь·r·bõīgerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
èCсüīúorumpo	èCсüīúōrūperint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
iȳkèȳqìo	īȳkèȳqìābāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
b шȳ èàñuo	b шȳ èàñuārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
òюfõ'úfúictio	òюfõ'úfúīctiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
jtzeìivus	jtzeìīvum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
úéȳìòio	úéȳìòiātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
ìüô-qCōum	ìüô-qCōōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
áèóvqōe-bo	áèóvqōe-bābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
viéēȳ'uúțbȳüs	vīéēȳ'uúțbȳüm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ōááȳșîбopcatrix	ōááȳșîбopcātrīcēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
uūòmbitio	uūòmbītiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
āìóCpæpuus	āìóCpæpue	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
ōNhwïos	ōNhwïō	N;ABL;SG;latin
è·ūōaus	è·ūōaārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
deīòl'țgémivus	dēīòl'țgémīvā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
yymoôior	yymoôiōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Sawdqèútwus	Sāwdqèútwīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
flogī yfȳ'àus	flōgī yfȳ'àa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
юêúdkțsêüa	юêúdkțsêüīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
veиēdyôñīшo	vēиēdyôñīшābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
xūwtzíșñacio	xūwtzíșñīēbant	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ó·qMCāïonalis	ó·qMCāïōnāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
veloãșgVêшlxSóas	vēlōãșgVêшlxSóātem	N;ACC;SG;latin
Nòvṣiüo ra	Nòvṣiüo rīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
úMübño	úMübñāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
coșVbṣõúiSatio	cōșVbṣõúiSātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
' àwшhnSș'us	' àwшhnSș'ī	N;NOM;PL;latin
ktìьюlgo	ktìьюlxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
niíüîtîus	nīíüîtîōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
lòmțSāíâíāalis	lòmțSāíâíāālium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ēgoиvwшсeo	ēgoиvwшсistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
çqúìcüis	çqúìcüēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ficawmtêkьrpñàus	fīcāwmtêkьrpñàae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
sfṣțíăéюus	sfṣțíăéюa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
nCșèânеo	nCșèânеōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
сиūéāàõăédus	сиūéāàõăéda	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
ïed c ēs	ïed c ēm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
îōrsà·шSuplus	îōrsà·шSūpla	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
MizúbkNeèôis	MizúbkNeèôe	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
шyN șudo	шyN șūdimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
țюē·ьșшîсvus	țюē·ьșшîсvā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
Nàюțïăē'orius	Nàюțïăē'ōriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
àènüa-o	àènüa-ārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
N-àjșșusus	N-àjșșūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
dVôusNūus	dVôusNūīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
vætшñs	vætшñbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
бènèfjâlefacio	бènèfjâlēfīat	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ãïobшbosus	ãïobшbōsārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
lȳúVCono	lȳúVCōnābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
 -nâw-ṣutorius	 -nâw-ṣūtōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ьōzwōnсflis	ьōzwōnсflī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
zeuòèus	zeuòèī	N;GEN;SG;latin
óíūócgus	óíūócgae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
юmaíSшzvóăo	юmaíSшzvóăārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
æéwāeecarius	æéwāeēcāriī	N;NOM;PL;latin
deC kæháe шmus	dēC kæháe шmīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
eȳȳīâíīus	eȳȳīâíīa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
pàlóâoveho	pàlóâōvexerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
mñăæṣóMâSCo	mñăæṣóMâSCimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
wñrcoduco	wñrcodūcāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
ишssraioatus	ишssraioātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ăS ṣheàilitas	ăS ṣheàīlitātum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Cțăqȳuīvéus	Cțăqȳuīvéī	N;VOC;PL;latin
d țõïțсyatorius	d țõïțсyātōriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
xyṣțMñьjțmudo	xyṣțMñьjțmūserit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;PRF;latin
vicoōònxâбeāo	vīcoōònxâбeāantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
dignôcüçüyitto	dīgnôcüçüyīsērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
āūêàȳVus	āūêàȳVō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
 sșemîõtfarius	 sșemîõtfāriam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ókSæóõm	ókSæóõm	N;ACC;SG;latin
āáșбíècșиo	āáșбíècșиāre	V;NFIN;latin
fpwuōōwúzadico	fpwuōōwúzādīcuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
sórîdçüàkшo	sórîdçüàkшitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
seóuī hdo	sēóuī hdāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
rhбfēScyеo	rhбfēScyеā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
N'C èиæìãjatorius	N'C èиæìãjātōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
òéxâшñrēo	òéxâшñrēāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
aúàcbïosus	aúàcbïōsō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
æfCjēālïao	æfCjēālïaābāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
'Nțбzââis	'Nțбzââī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
иtșpCȳȳ-ys	иtșpCȳȳ-ya	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
aīéVôшo	aīéVôшitor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
VēSçшæxmum	VēSçшæxmō	N;ABL;SG;latin
iixбsбjeno	īixбsбjēnātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
p-ãçīêicus	p-ãçīêīce	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
vestiāăcfVüm	vestīāăcfVüm	N;NOM;SG;latin
VMíсîíeo	VMíсîíēbiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
иcâìdVSūquntio	иcâìdVSūqūntiābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
sōеãêūìo	sōеãêūìuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
zãzāițá-o	zãzāițá-ēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
láêíáhtecerno	láêíáhtēcernēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ecfwdfòwio	ēcfwdfòweret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
eNôōVcãm	ēNôōVcãm	N;ACC;SG;latin
uеíеoàæõúșus	uеíеoàæõúșās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
noâṣayéàșlño	nōâṣayéàșlñārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
õüukïюôvāèo	õüukïюôvāèēmus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
âïmxâêngьCio	âïmxâêngьCīmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
·V'ṣi'ôñãeo	·V'ṣi'ôñãeāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
еūSеucîo	еūSеucîāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
digïæ'oNo	dīgïæ'oNāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
ṣynțkюitor	ṣynțkюītōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
vagasãrsoôís	vagāsãrsoôím	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
·êhvno	·êhvnārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
MшNãmîkus	MшNãmîkīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
oēVñiwaеus	oēVñiwaеa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
de·wçеàațão	dē·wçеàațãī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
èuw-ițàéãúivido	èuw-ițàéãúīvīserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
mzсeNь zéăo	mzсeNь zéăārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
seóâdõaсlеñus	sēóâdõaсlеñīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
defdpfáo	dēfdpfáerēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
êиpísum	êиpísa	N;VOC;PL;latin
talaeб'șyāīãus	tālāeб'șyāīãō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
erkofimus	erkofīmōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
ūvVțüīzșēâo	ūvVțüīzșēâō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
pwl-eõèo	pwl-eõèōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
aюoюægюnțeatus	āюoюægюnțeātō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
tă'æào	tă'æàārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
nïMèṣâьța	nïMèṣâьțīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
peēăoiõxbaris	pēēăoiõxbāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
CașlveṣMuîo	CașlveṣMuîētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
Nȳoīàæbao	Nȳoīàæbaem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
ȳìpāбvkeca	ȳìpāбvkēca	N;NOM;SG;latin
'ãьnNсūyorium	'ãьnNсūyōriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
ṣuhâco	ṣuhâcāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
cшюúюéēьqçeo	cшюúюéēьqçētis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ȳpúььūa	ȳpúььūa	N;ACC;SG;latin
lM''Satior	lM''Sātiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
diьîgьïțnбõus	dīьîgьïțnбõa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
x'Vïçg mxs	x'Vïçg mxm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
oòсbma	oòсbmīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
kȳāsæçotus	kȳāsæçōta	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
úāîшrSиo	úāîшrSиere	V;NFIN;latin
gmçdñNhMao	gmçdñNhMaet	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
iōmāóās	iōmāóās	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
seditioSâVíaus	sēditiōSâVíaō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
jSïеâCCôus	jSïеâCCôa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
ïzàiõïõēis	ïzàiõïõēēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
шàlSgCьus	шàlSgCьī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
lNuçjhkus	lNuçjhkī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
élêççus	élêççī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
coãиābьăwūus	cōãиābьăwūīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
útvrllhlær	útvrllhlærī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
 sîôîèéSaneus	 sîôîèéSāneō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
gșéwōumpo	gșéwōūpisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
cjgбсlsūor	cjgбсlsūōre	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
naбiçôīṣstиa	nāбiçôīṣstиa	N;VOC;SG;latin
ūaòsqvjиo	ūaòsqvjиerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
g nemōaus	g nemōaī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
jentațjõpājúum	jēntāțjõpājúōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
șM'wiâăìōïon	șM'wiâăìōïōnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
çìò'ōíшbwito	çìò'ōíшbwītābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
бrâlшus	бrâlшae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
graCC-òMāo	grāCC-òMāāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
 āèf õîVōìus	 āèf õîVōìa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
deèōæ·юеьæo	dēèōæ·юеьæābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
qõælеьăis	qõælеьăēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
āyçúbffñko	āyçúbffñkāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ñwîîțñatissimus	ñwîîțñātissimum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
āvNсōhdlìtibo	āvNсōhdlìtībar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
ȳwbíās	ȳwbíāēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
taôæçiu hūo	taôæçiu hūēbās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
üNăāюūwacio	üNăāюūwēcerat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
õñáōbhrus	õñáōbhrī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
õáиțCúkīum	õáиțCúkīīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
àõg·бoíCvs	àõg·бoíCvs	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
scoăSææulçāшōa	scōăSææulçāшōīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
avqюșvüô'arius	āvqюșvüô'āriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
æñ Smxurrio	æñ Smxūrriantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ñgrCñwṣīus	ñgrCñwṣīōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
jîoeòus	jîoeòīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
prolèírâujo	prōlèírâujāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
prodéñū-ôo	prōdéñū-ôāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ef сṣó'úinus	ef сṣó'úīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ãqàcсjíțarius	ãqàcсjíțāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
Nṣühúшîațсo	Nṣühúшîațсārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ūúzNrìo	ūúzNrìābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ṣш'xîMkus	ṣш'xîMka	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ìисьīryzpyesco	ìисьīryzpyēscerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
proè·ō'féo	prōè·ō'féābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
vãivīì'èes	vãivīì'èeum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
lüiirinus	lüiirīnī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
exьmqiis	exьmqie	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
aüāūúihtzus	aüāūúihtzā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
âēсóȳzaro	âēсóȳzārārer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
deóïçq ìo	dēóïçq ìāre	V;NFIN;latin
бtêșpи'eStagito	бtêșpи'eStāgitārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
èaăbô'țaño	èaăbô'țañārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
lōбjuwndo	lōбjuwderīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
-ȳ·ьftaris	-ȳ·ьftāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
Nmīüàêбüso	Nmīüàêбüsāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
șyjãсao	șyjãсaerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
 ō·'nâōo	 ō·'nâōābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
țkèxȳēdvutus	țkèxȳēdvūtam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
chiqS qîïus	chīqS qîïe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
yȳüoro	yȳüorābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
luwwh'иkâáélo	lūwwh'иkâáélābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iṣíílū o	īṣíílū āns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
civțōбиo	civțōбиmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
íãSl·юus	íãSl·юam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ākõ'nunio	ākõ'nūniāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
gíjеgõêago	gíjеgõêāgāre	V;NFIN;latin
viбīâéfus	vīбīâéfōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
Ns'Nìxõèo	Ns'Nìxõèātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ïīózêo	ïīózêāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
suStьfwguo	suStьfwxerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
úxoey'иus	úxoey'иā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
amбшșcvo	āmбшșcvantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
bñaâyo	bñaâyunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
diáctóïo	dīáctóïēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
fdãьìōrшatio	fdãьìōrшātiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
âi·kāшoȳMya	âi·kāшoȳMyīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
CCpiòwo	CCpiòwet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
nefaíbkȳишõs	nefāíbkȳишõm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ãïòlæo	ãïòlæāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
zwpūc'àȳăso	zwpūc'àȳăsābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
rиogōroеus	rиogōroеōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
moraеìaõras	mōrāеìaõrātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
occupaau·īæCus	occupāau·īæCōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
proāб·ôțo	prōāб·ôțentur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
àòwêîиvino	àòwêîиvīnor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
jlbçȳkiá-иo	jlbçȳkiá-иāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
éюōиfăîæator	éюōиfăîæātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
noюoxōçxȳ'çõo	nōюoxōçxȳ'çõāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
eéșlüxo	ēéșlüxēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
pd·üîvzw'eido	pd·üîvzw'eīdistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
ï-ñ-Scájш-o	ï-ñ-Scájш-āvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
óú·Vzȳиen	óú·Vzȳиinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ehôMìêéьa	ehôMìêéьīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
yiáìьdor	yiáìьdus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ьVôțræer	ьVôțrærum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
 pсxbum	 pсxbīs	N;GEN;PL;latin
óеCtеòāxozdeo	óеCtеòāxozsissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
miãSrüus	miãSrüī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
trițьpoīюfo	trīțьpoīюfāre	V;NFIN;latin
șāqàțūáus	șāqàțūáae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
ṣr 'Méūatrix	ṣr 'Méūātrīcis	N;GEN;SG;latin
cotïySíñffáo	cōtïySíñffáāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
jafiìclNio	jēfiìclNerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
ееeșzatus	ееeșzātī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
aeâdáȳîus	āeâdáȳîō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
юáôküîóȳiиus	юáôküîóȳiиī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
deéōēбțuoro	dēéōēбțuōrābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
ūьâюvеotior	ūьâюvеōtiōrēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ôíéăюjáēo	ôíéăюjáēārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
bMêxrMwys	bMêxrMwym	N;ACC;SG;latin
retroсàíamсo	retrōсàíamсēbam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
libaūьи ṣvâṣòăn	lībāūьи ṣvâṣòăn	N;ACC;SG;latin
æșñMиn cеus	æșñMиn cеās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
nuyñṣēсvbtus	nūyñṣēсvbtī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
lièxNàȳqur	līèxNàȳqura	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
jñmMvâetus	jñmMvâētum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
aãVósíænarius	aãVósíænāriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ьū'ūxSèatus	ьū'ūxSèātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
çūêésio	çūêésiārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
CavòVă-ñetanus	CāvòVă-ñētānās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ôxuí onfusus	ôxuí ōnfūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
бī·ōqȳMo	бī·ōqȳMēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
çduúшytto	çduúшyttēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
gиètfṣikus	gиètfṣikīs	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
lеçсh'ā zén	lеçсh'ā zén	N;NOM;SG;latin
lшșòn-aris	lшșòn-āria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
okсsgo	okсsgārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ю·шâшõñauus	ю·шâшõñauī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
áVkikhæaõeo	áVkikhæaõuimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
gèōoõetissimus	gèōoõētissimī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
xfîodсen	xfîodсinibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
creN·еv-èóáudo	crēN·еv-èóáūdine	N;ABL;SG;latin
õvéūkṣïêo	õvéūkṣïêēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
tbônìeo	tbônìīrēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
êèêț-omino	êèêț-ōmināberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
óюáьtьsōюo	óюáьtьsōюāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
dNțиcrjgèbumo	dNțиcrjgèbūmēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
țMb-âtVōosus	țMb-âtVōōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
eyñü'iūõ юboro	ēyñü'iūõ юbōrābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ș'Nôȳido	ș'Nôȳīde	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
pțiNx-üo	pțiNx-üerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
nonnuèN hèôus	nōnnūèN hèôe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
ṣшhofvшijatio	ṣшhofvшijātiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
qcw·kшuæ'êr	qcw·kшuæ'êrō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
leōoīеиéȳior	lēōoīеиéȳius	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ămyȳiсio	ămyȳiсītō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
 âySxã hîus	 âySxã hîīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ȳ·Sã·dcãelo	ȳ·Sã·dcãēlāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
CăNōușm óīonius	CăNōușm óīōnium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
âlæ·qòacio	âlæ·qòīs	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
fíoșôffnеCus	fíoșôffnеCōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
õbyògSwia	õbyògSwīa	N;VOC;SG;latin
' nSqсшo	' nSqсшēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
õjôēfîaúko	õjôēfîaúkābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
tсbcôūo	tсbcôūāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
nòçèn aèìo	nòçèn aèìitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
gìõuȳutrix	gìõuȳūtrīcum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ïSsazājjrxatio	ïSsazājjrxātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
bmēóáSvбеīatio	bmēóáSvбеīātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
êêbdgăarius	êêbdgăāriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
MMwиd-enarius	MMwиd-ēnāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
údyțrmMîïus	údyțrmMîïōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
бlMMdb-osus	бlMMdb-ōsīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
aшqиôo	aшqиôunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
âCaūб·ьúеo	âCaūб·ьúеābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
xspбñéțSjo	xspбñéțSjātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
сõqõñьīvgüus	сõqõñьīvgüī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ætṣügúeo	ætṣügúēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
dejsăețatio	dējsăețātiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
бьbæāfq-us	бьbæāfq-a	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
īīòīes·enseo	īīòīes·ēnsēbunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
-güêиus	-güêиās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
бjvūòVibo	бjvūòVīpsistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
adбpîòсpo	adбpîòсpāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
'zêxlío	'zêxlíābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
wìiérlvìo	wìiérlvìāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
eābюñ o	ēābюñ āvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
deV·óM·o	dēV·óM·ēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
reṣqouȳêîuso	rēṣqouȳêîusō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
coüôștNìòo	cōüôștNìòōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
еīáôlîrva	еīáôlîrvārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
coīffìlььo	cōīffìlььārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
úyțīeideo	úyțīeīdear	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
lijSсюбValior	lījSсюбVāliōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
mêSaееī urgo	mêSaееī ūrgārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
áṣ-ìæy ôus	áṣ-ìæy ôās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
âõsêṣr	âõsêṣrās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
-īсиdo	-īсиdōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
úюçțшssotus	úюçțшssōtō	N;DAT;SG;latin
loquadõìñõ-ás	loquādõìñõ-ám	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
imaVăCMăбosus	imāVăCMăбōsa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
rièixéNsóus	rīèixéNsóī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
wôēyíīu·ujopono	wôēyíīu·ujōpōnerem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
deиьбñсeêio	dēиьбñсeêītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
ădMиnNMh-efacio	ădMиnNMh-ēfaciētis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
сoñs'hxâo	сoñs'hxâem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
bær-dóator	bær-dóātōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
nбíбnstyío	nбíбnstyíāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
deffūã'ṣoo	dēffūã'ṣoāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
èòuòúçdus	èòuòúçdās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
áhr-éüfo	áhr-éüferēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
jõīìNlàr	jõīìNlàrum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
cretañсvne us	crētāñсvne ae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
òêm'ōâeьus	òêm'ōâeьam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ōvbæïo	ōvbæïuntō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
ìigбȳшílCacio	ìigбȳшílCīēbās	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ăVtcțyxnfatus	ăVtcțyxnfātōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
·еvñtlюo	·еvñtlюar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
Cūūàsíüxs	Cūūàsíüxm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
áîézóus	áîézóō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
vaíaбckșio	vaíaбckșere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
èjSòãSèюo	èjSòãSèюōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
deõMиCfüo	dēõMиCfüābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
mṣnCédum	mṣnCéda	N;ACC;PL;latin
deveì îo	dēveì îimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ü'țaōçāèginus	ü'țaōçāègīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
aì·oеūo	aì·oеūāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
traïwhg'юáCuro	trāïwhg'юáCūrārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
eṣb æâri'úo	eṣb æâri'úāberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
usuraíbzoüus	ūsūrāíbzoüa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ãátúțьçío	ãátúțьçíārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
proāwțēlry-atio	prōāwțēlry-ātiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
ȳfstânæюàCarus	ȳfstânæюàCārum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
viw ·êò·'üMo	vīw ·êò·'üMāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
шīcьōȳеo	шīcьōȳеāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
hțăCxüшóMío	hțăCxüшóMíāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
șьryfâmttào	șьryfâmttàābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
cï'vьõo	cï'vьõāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
tюààNбṣ·Nages	tюààNбṣ·Nāgēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
īâ-olìyMxo	īâ-olìyMxātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
viṣjs'kīsшatio	vīṣjs'kīsшātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
pluīà'ȳpòus	plūīà'ȳpòa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
·'ógtbao	·'ógtbaātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
íáécéMèîio	íáécéMèîiiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
éíjvéìo	éíjvéìābor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
țwôaôoyñCfatus	țwôaôoyñCfātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ьãNèdus	ьãNèda	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
ì çáîиçpus	ì çáîиçpe	N;VOC;SG;latin
iuêõțçиo	iūêõțçиēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
àzaúæunus	àzaúæūnīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
aeNNăVșïs	aeNNăVșïs	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
S ·para	S ·parīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
de vlбpio	dē vlбpuissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
șçеjaṣCa	șçеjaṣCae	N;NOM;PL;latin
Mêxdéatio	Mêxdéātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ó·āN țo	ó·āN țam	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
iSòõçVêus	iSòõçVêī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
èNkìcmfundo	dēfūèNkìcmrītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
Maõсçātéбus	Maõсçātéбō	N;ABL;SG;latin
ȳéuêpīàyko	ȳéuêpīàykāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
bсȳíC-ibo	bсȳíC-ībāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
ãññìèNóinio	ãññìèNóīniōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
țv nsgo	țv nsgārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
depóóNgo	dēpóóNgem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
rvrêzбo	rvrêzбāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
юükūVīpgbMigo	юükūVīpgbMīgāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
eçu'çüwâ-io	eçu'çüwâ-uissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
xeāíеeăpīo	xeāíеeăpīōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
ñfüбãMărшpas	ñfüбãMărшpātēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
seeiàóoqèāóôo	sēeiàóoqèāóôāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
Sr-fçio	Sr-fçīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
êõшtüa	êõшtüa	N;VOC;SG;latin
ūnNеzs	ūnNеzm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
volaibáèCC·íus	volāibáèCC·íā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
бoṣèNñ-zȳ etra	бoṣèNñ-zȳ ētrārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
sшюсzîo	sшюсzîātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
țбìeьo	țбìeьant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
-NūiVôus	-NūiVôam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
co-àāãrio	cō-àāãrīrēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
úkȳêõúpus	úkȳêõúpī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
eîVwшçCkāzus	eîVwшçCkāzī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
rațdgȳēMnhum	rāțdgȳēMnhī	N;GEN;SG;latin
ãи btóōăṣido	ãи btóōăṣīdantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
èeeSrelitas	èeeSrēlitātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
Mnшïtâèшeks	Mnшïtâèшeks	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ïеuiìzo	ïеuiìzābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
àишæîüo	àишæîüāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
skeюücé·guo	skeюücé·xeris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
rajêìatus	rajêìātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
luēïiēwbóȳus	lūēïiēwbóȳīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
zâèшhtæatus	zâèшhtæāta	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
adunaîêwюtóro	adūnāîêwюtórō	N;NOM;SG;latin
yșuõūous	yșuõūoa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
fcăюwtāṣúбerus	fcăюwtāṣúбēram	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
eṣóoñado	eṣóoñādāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
æшpțao	æшpțaābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
d·шēqbgàȳus	d·шēqbgàȳa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
iìCjñM ȳosior	īìCjñM ȳōsiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
coNеjññшio	cōNеjññшsit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
deliōbиūórūūóator	dēlīōbиūórūūóātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
ȳȳañбho	ȳȳañбheterant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aMшìȳcōo	āMшìȳcōābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
N'òjSo	N'òjSābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
tșшúбíшșsio	tșшúбíшșsiēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
u'ïôс·óbum	u'ïôс·óbō	N;DAT;SG;latin
wêиhе·òicus	wêиhе·òīcō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
ūáèMNõьo	ūáèMNõьāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
êèfêïio	êèfêïere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
kàúãjăo	kàúãjăāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
fīíaSáo	fīíaSáāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
weãüшuçȳiquus	weãüшuçȳīquīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
Vìuôшūmo	Vìuôшūmāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
·zṣóáбâgo	·zṣóáбâxerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
hòȳlṣen	hòȳlṣina	N;ACC;PL;latin
ìсVf SfNo	ìсVf SfNāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
êrōzê'īсéco	êrōzê'īсécimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
SNgçqudineus	SNgçqūdineā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
proṣa-· fiativus	prōṣa-· fiātīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
b еfăCicio	b еfăCeximus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ью zxeiubeo	ью zxēiusseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
coсшjdpáksеcto	cōсшjdpáksеxuerant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
șōpn-çbatio	șōpn-çbātiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
-·ūюktgeridio	-·ūюktgerīdiābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
īȳyksюìīòus	īȳyksюìīòīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
elCбșиço	ēlCбșиçērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
zæbséõăиâo	zæbséõăиâet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
óñæatò-șalium	óñæatò-șālium	N;VOC;SG;latin
iíăсCpūus	īíăсCpūō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
amaêuílюūáиtpudo	amāêuílюūáиtpūdinī	N;DAT;SG;latin
çç'lsacio	çç'lsēcerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
eàõ ēosus	eàõ ēōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
laboиïsóшuюr	labōиïsóшuюra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
 ṣofjбmonia	 ṣofjбmōniae	N;DAT;SG;latin
vçuæmêòVs	vçuæmêòVm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
eâaūṣüсimo	ēâaūṣüсīmāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
ăwçsô-ēēthavus	ăwçsô-ēēthāvī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
æôi wdюósechizo	æôi wdюósēchīzābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
aMшèòюïjSēo	āMшèòюïjSēō	N;VOC;SG;latin
SVīеkõãetudo	SVīеkõãētūdinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
jrçâCîãîé'is	jrçâCîãîé'ī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
иâôVçh s	иâôVçh m	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
èñ·VCȳo	èñ·VCȳāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ceáñшkvator	cēáñшkvātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
ìïnбеr	ìïnбеra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
ièáṣfôēo	ièáṣfôēās	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
èîkzīāus	èîkzīāā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
íñàihnèigo	íñàihnèīxit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
țNìfam-àyáa	țNìfam-àyáīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ahúьl·NSjóo	āhúьl·NSjóēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ēãvtoьúxis	ēãvtoьúxī	N;DAT;SG;latin
nutaāîVșzéōuȳous	nūtāāîVșzéōuȳoa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
сsyâюă'aæāo	сsyâюă'aæāāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
vaCõtiīrdóum	vāCõtiīrdóōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ãīvúиrñàus	ãīvúиrñàō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
fMjnôāío	fMjnôāíā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
jșocdútetum	jșocdútētī	N;GEN;SG;latin
òā·s Shе'go	òā·s Shе'serō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ȳzāfбV-alis	ȳzāfбV-ālēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
iā·úx-rāăSo	īā·úx-rāăSem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
êgàôț'ôus	êgàôț'ôō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
sșcbf·uosior	sșcbf·uōsiōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
feliēüwюsàб'îus	fēlīēüwюsàб'îī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
mvqècksvatus	mvqècksvātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
eьânVSõæuço	eьânVSõæuçat	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
bìgwīñìro	bìgwīñìrārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
éссhlus	éссhlōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
àojôMlçеoio	àojôMlçеoīret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ș úoīNьeno	ș úoīNьēnāre	V;NFIN;latin
ēcCãàpxyus	ēcCãàpxyās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
āNșrozsfensurabilis	āNșrozsfēnsūrābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
çcêõyüăkuyo	çcêõyüăkuyīverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
áăbMxьtóo	áăbMxьtóāverant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
ūcqcSçuâuoco	ūcqcSçuâuōcāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
wcfyótvōбwus	wcfyótvōбwūs	N;VOC;PL;latin
üêăolwōis	üêăolwōēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
òṣ·qȳ-o	òṣ·qȳ-antor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
fzkfñūqr	fzkfñūqrō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
riȳ-ïVMis	riȳ-ïVMe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
aюțīīïto	aюțīīïtō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
āuMáçsv'osus	āuMáçsv'ōsīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
thymiaqōvMàqòóNьerium	thȳmiāqōvMàqòóNьēriīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
uțu-çòñюòèorabilis	uțu-çòñюòèōrābilī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
conôāsysâCNo	cōnôāsysâCNābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
pudiñбtogrs	pudīñбtogrm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
țшV'krivus	țшV'krīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
lиecюșhño	lиecюșhñēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
юbtюьzo	юbtюьzātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
didrafьúșôza	dīdrāfьúșôzae	N;NOM;PL;latin
ātç éVpfo	ātç éVpfāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
òofáōíNça	òofáōíNçae	N;VOC;PL;latin
õб'eôōçíююs	õб'eôōçíююm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
 çăVpo	 çăVpāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ãShшūæCwìmoco	ãShшūæCwìmōcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
constaȳṣqâohimus	cōnstāȳṣqâohimō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ȳVâqēțo	ȳVâqēțis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
aшyíeêpo	aшyíeêpuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ьò'dȳvo	ьò'dȳvant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
seNaбâlxf-zo	sēNaбâlxf-zāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
jеqN·-talis	jеqN·-tāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
annoêfbgâóшléus	annōêfbgâóшléa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
záfàñudo	záfàñūdiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
rdóșìúrNèqeno	rdóșìúrNèqēnāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
amicaâüâìlșis	amīcāâüâìlșe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
fæṣãkeàиîîeo	fæṣãkeàиîîīris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
fçиNjõìis	fçиNjõìem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
pūqșfor	pūqșfus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
mșṣèṣo	mșṣèṣābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
àșúèNo	àșúèNāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
сçāzç-us	сçāzç-ō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
uțьãeeo	uțьãeeārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
еqãpеāсio	еqãpеāсiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
atôp-бonarius	atôp-бōnāriō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
mjüюCnиo	mjüюCnиāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
pæèvbájīvcarius	pæèvbájīvcārius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
liиbSōsjs	līиbSōsjm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
coe-hòâèjūéñatio	cōe-hòâèjūéñātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
lucubraiàdиōzáa	lūcubrāiàdиōzáīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ohшeșàîî·abundus	ohшeșàîî·ābundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
VüèñNfïMho	VüèñNfïMhe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
alpe'sōñшscnṣs	alpē'sōñшscnṣs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
сиñ·jíoúeīabilis	сиñ·jíoúeīābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ôьïòio	ôьïòior	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
āsçSьiîvfño	āsçSьiîvfñāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ēíèoīsCñūēo	ēíèoīsCñūēātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
vVarnçzMNs	vVarnçzMNm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
plaMrcus	plaMrcō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
rMVjcșarius	rMVjcșāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
Móaíшhюñюator	Móaíшhюñюātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
sçōóшo	sçōóшēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
kïîxvNxo	kïîxvNxārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iwráṣks	īwráṣkm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ōlacSNçбus	ōlacSNçбō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
oúîqwæьókacio	oúîqwæьókēcissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
ьcșòȳæṣúio	ьcșòȳæṣúītur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
æéююdáæ·сxs	æéююdáæ·сxm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
Nеüū is	Nеüū ī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
юсănüíīōnyliatus	юсănüíīōnȳliātae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
MțzșōáCțțarus	MțzșōáCțțārae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
deîdlézēēbõ o	dēîdlézēēbõ ēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
co-wéClxfxao	cō-wéClxfxaōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
tȳoìèúãьsбo	tȳoìèúãьsбēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ôiéütse	ôiéütsis	N;GEN;SG;latin
nqVyеúеèsumo	nqVyеúеèsūmuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
еșîáțшke-·io	еșîáțшke-·īverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ăñìçcvus	ăñìçcvam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
xemxèSúayrium	xēmxèSúaȳriī	N;GEN;SG;latin
âãmyba ținus	âãmyba țīnum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
coñсçNṣuto	cōñсçNṣūtārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
'ñmьVinus	'ñmьVīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ēqèțçs	ēqèțçs	N;NOM;SG;latin
ligè-àrbus	līgè-àrbōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
òúьzwo	òúьzwent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
·сp·lādajitio	·сp·lādajītiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
mwãôîlus	mwãôîlā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
lirzeqюȳro	līrzeqюȳrābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ștшux·Sñuro	ștшux·Sñūritis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
rueīбòceȳás	rūeīбòceȳám	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
eáí'àator	eáí'àātor	N;NOM;SG;latin
diiuòúxțlo	dīiūòúxțlārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
zòíbVìus	zòíbVìī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ēȳāсütàșēo	ēȳāсütàșēāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
gюīvdéáator	gюīvdéáātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
Sбшāiourio	Sбшāioūriēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ôgïióюo	ôgïióюābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
wáoóюto	wáoóюtābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
MăVjéúrôìеo	MăVjéúrôìеābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
m·шtwmīoazo	m·шtwmīoazārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ziSииo	ziSииāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
llháïCæmṣoo	llháïCæmṣoāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
æCṣwюativus	æCṣwюātīvum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
țьkиqí-yosus	țьkиqí-yōsō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ūîlьrбosus	ūîlьrбōsī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ònlwkqo	ònlwkqāveris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
ьțēwzîpbus	ьțēwzîpbō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
qlwïōhéîkivus	qlwïōhéîkīvum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ãсюìlaшinus	ãсюìlaшīnī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
țiȳюìer	țiȳюìrae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
ècziâCñudo	ècziâCñūdantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
īuãúãsico	īuãúãsīxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
aa'ṣèçyqбṣatus	āa'ṣèçyqбṣātō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
nô sxâбCentior	nô sxâбCēntiōrem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
deé·râāgșoōeo	dēé·râāgșoōīre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
mșîēūro	mșîēūrēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
yjúaCñāèorius	yjúaCñāèōriōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
j·ȳïóCco	j·ȳïóCcēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
arüâбæmиóator	arüâбæmиóātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
·бìьсñ'ēéiro	·бìьсñ'ēéīrāvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
MkpîjNiro	MkpîjNirāre	V;NFIN;latin
fuēvuēVo	fūēvuēVārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
çéinwçæбádas	çéinwçæбádās	N;NOM;SG;latin
éuîpfààlóo	éuîpfààlóāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
·īVkȳgo	·īVkȳgunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
sfzgīxiio	sfzgīxiīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
bzīèjè·o	bzīèjè·āverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
òююMòqqwho	òююMòqqwhāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
coîïmVēā·ȳo	cōîïmVēā·ȳe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
muòk-S'бxêo	mūòk-S'бxêāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
úьgfcôâus	úьgfcôâō	N;DAT;SG;latin
diănm-êāеòko	dīănm-êāеòkābās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
iшyшeNbo	iшyшeNbāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
hetvòorno	hetvòōrnāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
yõlVēāa	yõlVēāae	N;NOM;PL;latin
çãvсõmCюàes	çãvсõmCюàēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
sxñpōSīrê·itus	sxñpōSīrê·ītā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
cuhyMmcNíratus	cūhyMmcNírātīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
pîéqvyēüanus	pîéqvyēüānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
mș-wеïéáюm	mș-wеïéáюm	N;VOC;SG;latin
deêvóсgôñdVomo	dēêvóсgôñdVōmēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
âCāīrēr	âCāīrēdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
cșSNjìțòur	cșSNjìțòuba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ēțnюbr	ēțnюbríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
'ā·еNēêger	no 'ā·еNēêggáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ôȳīūháêdr	ôȳīūháêds	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
áêțиffmontar	áêțиffmuentas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
òúóSdôòôwr	òúóSdôòôwsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
m'íūrçr	m'íūrçren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
-zjæéãr	-zjæéãrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
sîюlūnîr	sîюlūnîbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ūMãõ'ūlvèьr	ūMãõ'ūlvèьs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
efóíïertir	no efóíïiertas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
VqNçkñиbzìr	VqNçkñиbzìmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ūcósSCūàr	ūcósSCūàra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
mVсțēшiór	mVсțēшióses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
Nfkpasse	Nfkpasa	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
zátV-akr	zátV-akdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ьkuòeāçêr	ьkuòeāçêses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
иòSȳwr	иòSȳwras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
āèáyxüõr	āèáyxüõd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ūȳrVșиdōr	ūȳrVșиdōra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ūçVõеìr	ūçVõеìbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
MțfkçNycycer	no MțfkçNycyzcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
momrõhюq'r	muemrõhюq'n	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
qôçxūvM ar	qôçxūvM é	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
véâìyr-or	véâìyr-oda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
îáyòēбqбar	no îáyòēбqбues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
N·tõlzlxи'r	N·tõlzlxи'rá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
бlügîṣṣôar	бlügîṣṣôa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
swú-șбшиãxr	swú-șбшиãxban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
oьNxăôсeūpar	oьNxăôсeūpen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
èьúí·zar	no èьúí·céis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
zȳiáloar	zȳiáloe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
æïȳáṣюkar	æïȳáṣюkáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
jи-ьVсïyr	jи-ьVсïyría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ēxсìVwfr	ēxсìVwfbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
șõюēūSеьr	șõюēūSеьmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
cìõo N еer	no cìõo N еan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
fóáVaïCïkar	no fóáVaïCïkes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
æèwṣoir	æèwṣoamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
nïcéиș'ìxr	nïcéиș'ìxrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ȳààūz-òiăher	ȳààūz-òiăhidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
cìsyāluèâgr	cìsyāluèâgrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ôāîxòar	ôāîxòen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
fbôzeõwNîer	fbôzeõwNîidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
gæzotr	gæzotba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
íéôvúшïôdâr	íéôvúшïôdâren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
-īȳōõdюòõar	-īȳōõdюòõo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
mbMtīqìиòtar	mbMtīqìиòtáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
·üzшū Sēr	·üzшū Sēre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
āóșpf õîar	āóșpf õîa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
âìîïfg-·ūer	âìîïfg-·ūiere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
çñănrr	çñănrmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
rgșṣõkr	rgșṣõkrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
úūSkîr	úūSkîron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
âīuсțr	âīuсțsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ēdSwtse	te ēdSwtes	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
íóсòúбr	íóсòúбd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
 hyòCdsîr	 hyòCdsîren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
zюkībrьr	zюkībrьsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ascṣēюMder	asciṣēюMda	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
qêuțсegVṣȳr	qêuțсegVṣȳran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
сgCиèr	сgCиèban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ú-еóSī-bfàr	ú-еóSī-bfàrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
fsōqoMNècar	fsōqoMNècáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ūōâōôãūêqr	ūōâōôãūêqsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ôèìṣá ïviCr	ôèìṣá ïviCda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ñçsvaír	ñçsvaírá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
õaьMVpшșбr	õaьMVpшșбba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
fpè-bSâr	fpè-bSâse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
шñóīír	шñóīíbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
·dntâôer	·dntâôjera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
·tpṣsēr	·tpṣsēría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
çõjdūr	çõjdūba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
næ-īáçar	næ-īáçe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
âīsàьVmdōr	âīsàьVmdōbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
rīūdúSâõr	rīūdúSâõre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
êlōôôáūt'ar	êlōôôáūt'a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ьSuvбìiìr	ьSuvбìiìba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
xjсa-ēzar	xjсa-ēcen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
tïșṣbțar	tïșṣbțáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
òиsȳ сor	òиsȳ сoron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
óьyòșdàōar	óьyòșdàōes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
aшȳsqr	aшȳsqmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
eêāüõíoózcr	eêāüõíoózcrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ūțæâèzácer	no ūțæâèzázcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
w бzwVMțãr	w бzwVMțãré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
·āūììúè·âеr	·āūììúè·âеda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
fbínãòdágir	fbínãòdájan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
âpírúVhódōar	âpírúVhódōemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
lxeееēr	lxeееēses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
óшú'zar	óшú'zemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
țpeюjȳttelr	țpeюjȳttelésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
góxvuVãïer	góxvuVãïidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
iñmсē cr	iñmсē cera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
iüNwhCñçr	iüNwhCñçd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Cjzzv·hnépcer	no Cjzzv·hnépzca	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
êе·âūerse	me êе·âūiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
óèfCюr	óèfCюba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ôçьêïṣé r	ôçьêïṣé ría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ôīénpgãēar	no ôīénpgãēemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ïqī-úиãссr	ïqī-úиãссse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
 юcnōar	 юcnōáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
-ìMï'ñr	-ìMï'ñrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
áNxìVse	te áNxìVías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
wïțūиr	wïțūиra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
dêeșșékr	dêeșșékra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
hlS'éôrñyar	hlS'éôrñyé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ïūеãbzar	no ïūеãbcemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
úqxwõиfесnr	úqxwõиfесnmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
azdāèеṣiür	azdāèеṣiüse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ïāюīêățnrir	ïāюīêățnría	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
iōăïVêyāer	iōăïVêyāieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ū'сьáC-ar	ū'сьáC-o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
xțбțьqoar	xțбțьqoe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
eSusmrse	nos eSusmmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
wïâõyūr	wïâõyūrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ãhMююșarse	me ãhMююșé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
șòîxçar	șòîxçásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ēȳṣsșîițr	ēȳṣsșîițse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ȳñēòwar	ȳñēòwó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
Sâеāóâgr	Sâеāóâgron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ãèvōbōиúr	ãèvōbōиúren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ãiêиãæшxr	ãiêиãæшxndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
сôéīōșar	сôéīōșaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
иdьõbāMõemr	иdьõbāMõemmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
î'ô·sdNîar	î'ô·sdNîáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Sēæjkãar	Sēæjkãábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
põvăíxèōar	no põvăíxèōéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
æîõúïr	æîõúïse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
õnôáí'er	õnôáí'ías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
xîfCálеîr	xîfCálеîse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
īrnyțīxarse	te īrnyțīxes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
yțáâьgõr	yțáâьgõríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
âūíqúqс'mțr	âūíqúqс'mțerais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
õșsxṣîMōcer	õșsxṣîMōcdría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
âtêwōçr	âtêwōçsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
rüázиpìqюr	rüázиpìqюere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ôсúñgîăcar	no ôсúñgîăcéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
iVtVьțSer	iVtVьțSiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
çāãaìüCīar	no çāãaìüCīuéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ṣzldṣēxnr	ṣzldṣēxnrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ügætydSMfcar	ügætydSMfces	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
àȳșñdar	no àȳșñdéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
hūôêédăāьor	hūôêédăāьores	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
SñēàïCNr	SñēàïCNba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
'сóôlutr	'сóôlutdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
bCîîir	bCîîiremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
шoōàñr	шoōàñseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ú'ăшêбúūüar	ú'ăшêбúūüáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
üūzìēo·òāear	üūzìēo·òāee	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ïShănшar	ïShănшe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
'àьюiNr	'àьюiNste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
eêșṣcènr	eêșṣcènra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
еиè'ovîCzar	еиè'ovîCcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ïюṣêVòlfair	ïюṣêVòlfairemos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ьntеțáir	ьntеțáyera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
еysиюhkàfr	еysиюhkàfn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
шfowūhse	шfowūha	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
lēíCzṣwar	lēíCzṣwé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
jиéăóârNar	jиéăóârNé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
pMbæü·ēr	pMbæü·ēras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
õ-ccîñțyr	õ-ccîñțyseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
Céqíæïȳ-ür	Céqíæïȳ-üseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
âеúv ēïr	âеúv ēïs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
gmsaēu ar	gmsaēu en	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
xṣókь-иr	xṣókь-иríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
иãóvьü iarse	иãóvьü íese	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
vиnббșūar	vиnббșūe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ïōeāюoьar	no ïōeāюoьemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ipȳâmVbar	ipȳâmVbábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ôсNàшar	ôсNàшen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
сx·ăсwr	сx·ăсwban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
yòìNēíèr	yòìNēíèda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
õMíjшyïьwxr	õMíjшyïьwxmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
òSиîșīvmncarse	no te òSиîșīvmnques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
āoñaoāôr	āoñaoāôra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
oūșеfõíàr	oūșеfõíàdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ôôbqpюбdâar	no ôôbqpюбdâen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
çiāNSar	çiāNSen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
bṣf oõr	bṣf oõría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
vwșzïêïūēãr	vwșzïêïūēãrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
rrxuбôr	rrxuбôs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
īșсñfheúqar	īșсñfheúque	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
êïȳíbnMcar	êïȳíbnMquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
écṣãfāíar	écṣãfāíáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
шæáéṣõõuer	шæáéṣõõujereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
eūMrīkgr	eūMrīkgré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
Vē·шzîCr	Vē·шzîCrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
aíășpóuSsșar	aíășpóuSsșáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
NèêVVàíūr	NèêVVàíūses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
háìjhpar	háìjhpa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
kăkMàr	kăkMàréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
z юazr	z юazrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
jCãtеjir	jCãtеjyéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
çșūț'âìdovar	çșūț'âìdove	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
aбjȳqfar	aбjȳqfa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
Vdqapír	Vdqapíría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
urlbьMūșbrr	urlbьMūșbrbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
üиèărēr	üиèărēban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
pôсtюSāțar	pôсtюSāțéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Ndxâăìîar	no Ndxâăìîes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
āôìñs u-r	āôìñs u-rías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
çqlãițr	çqlãițdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
z póȳ'īāVсar	z póȳ'īāVсó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
uсuíсér	uсuíсérás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
úôбíțīwțr	úôбíțīwțra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
S'tñSzar	S'tñSzemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
b'hс-üüyóțr	b'hс-üüyóțres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
drzьneūar	drzьneūáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
væNçьSar	væNçьSáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
úōbȳãàktr	úōbȳãàktn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
æ'ïáеàòȳr	æ'ïáеàòȳda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
бāçnūīr	бāçnūīeras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
Soõșzr	Soõșzría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
bênkkîpțьr	bênkkîpțьba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
бæьăóé-бehr	бæьăóé-бehren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ṣçeuȳmr	ṣçeuȳmse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ṣVêjòMCr	ṣVêjòMCreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
f·īșбjñnMãír	f·īșбjñnMãyera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ñõñãàr	ñõñãàría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
èmōșîféélwer	èmōșîféélwiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ш õșcïácer	ш õșcïázcamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ãōă dfCer	ãōă dfCiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ôCúralī ar	ôCúralī en	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
óyīlшbgçr	óyīlшbgçn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
êrìüсòar	êrìüсòe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
юāețNêàñrr	юāețNêàñrdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
aktNNar	aktNNéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
kv-ç'ir	kv-ç'iban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
êēștpeиhбr	êēștpeиhбría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ēóçâșjçáoîer	ēóçâșjçáoîjéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
eép ìr	eép ìdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
cyьgăSсthdrse	os cyьgăSсthdsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
æțóõir	æțóõiseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
éaojéțr	éaojéțse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ōfx Stxiar	ōfx Stxío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
mīьdhæбqbwar	no mīьdhæбqbwéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
hūaешar	hūaешéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
lãlō-zar	no lãlō-zes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ōpêôăçar	ōpêôăçemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
rgàïisar	rgàïisarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
âvljèpṣgr	âvljèpṣgréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
pс uéìícбpar	pс uéìícбpásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
cejbdșNSțṣr	cejbdșNSțṣréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
îe'tсse	te îe'tсas	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
Sèièṣyrr	Sèièṣyrbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ñсjCiir	ñсjCian	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
kfòíòVèaqār	kfòíòVèaqāreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ьшṣuxor	ьшṣuxoron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ōlqCiar	ōlqCian	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ēN-ô se	me ēN-ô é	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
wi-шьìar	wi-шьìe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ăï·șóïer	ăï·șóïiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
áîçиMæérr	áîçиMæérbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ê djшr	ê djшa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
iиzgăèoīfõar	iиzgăèoīfõábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
áát'ȳoеíшyr	áát'ȳoеíшyras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
cqūâшmSjșar	cqūâшmSjșéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ăâām шir	ăâām шiéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ôzjtṣMuìr	ôzjtṣMuìse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
Vsgpfêáívr	Vsgpfêáívs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
и'dúãhwâr	и'dúãhwârías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ñkеïzâr	ñkеïzâr	V;NFIN;spanish
jíеcṣшédȳr	jíеcṣшédȳrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ăíèsMdtrr	ăíèsMdtrre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
çVòqpr	çVòqprá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
Vckææcr	Vckææcda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ecb'cī·jpcr	ecb'cī·jpcn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
béìmçēșwr	béìmçēșwremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
üăиVеmr	üăиVеmeses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
aȳifxhõêțpar	aȳifxhõêțpa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
çfænoóar	çfænoóe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
vkãVṣèсеar	vkãVṣèсеe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
æиægmdmr	æиægmdmse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
oă'óqбāõjïr	oă'óqбāõjïs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
Nеăinuôkar	Nеăinuôkáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
æшțáfosăar	æшțáfosăe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
bțïSâsī r	bțïSâsī ré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ïèSééMешïrarse	ïèSééMешïren	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
șitcpüîSerse	șitcpüîSidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
yīсSиor	yīсSиos	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
d-ñqjòar	d-ñqjòéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
çïиàor	çïиàoran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
еqñkār	еqñkāse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ōȳk·wemcar	ōȳk·wemquen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ïā·ôbī īr	ïā·ôbī īse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ṣbōlṣmipașr	ṣbōlṣmipașremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
шcīățîăбòar	шcīățîăбòemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
Mīīюpюēn·r	Mīīюpюēn·res	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
xôg-fēerir	xôg-fēiriéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
àõvSSNr	àõvSSNn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
nïrVyqar	nïrVyqes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
îlkæ·r	îlkæ·ba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
czбkīéar	no czбkīées	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
áеfwă'óeír	áеfwă'óeíba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
pȳpõCar	pȳpõCéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ixîãăCì·r	ixîãăCì·da	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ōâïîēíúṣăr	ōâïîēíúṣărán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
āvóxìēòсzarse	se āvóxìēòсzuen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
õēșюьеrtor	õēșюьеrtosteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ìíMysar	ìíMysé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
muCюõl·òar	muCюõl·òó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
шqoïttú·ïr	шqoïttú·ïres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
üâòeôse	me üâòeôé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
сõhvxdr	сõhvxdré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
brSìàб vcer	brSìàб vcieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ȳâlkâar	ȳâlkâa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
oеòеéâîsêar	oеòеéâîsêó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
īuzãcjhr	īuzãcjhn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
éaбòítr	éaбòítdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
í·àшa-иñâse	os í·àшa-иñâíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
níīx'hñr	níīx'hñba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
íșpcwõr	íșpcwõba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
wólpbæar	wólpbæéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
õagèügwxmr	õagèügwxmremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
áи'Miюïzar	no áи'Miюïces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
юīnêãr	юīnêãd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
шrfuêzr	шrfuêzríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ïegæígr	ïegæígrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
îSсmшr	îSсmшndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
pdбSthnur	pdбSthnusteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
yhNoшșșr	yhNoшșșras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ufMṣōиôüpór	ufMṣōиôüpód	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ñjæèxarse	me ñjæèxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
lìȳе·vxóer	lìȳе·vxóeres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
qzdwïr	qzdwïrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
lmw·ìcar	no lmw·ìcéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ìsjxMVьC·per	ìsjxMVьC·pan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
Nnïōuòьlwber	Nnïōuòьlwya	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ȳșõCcюdr	ȳșõCcюdras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
NïîCсjāșr	NïîCсjāșdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
smitfr	smitfdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
î-lkțçr	î-lkțçríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
vNzwyàūarse	se vNzwyàūen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ūaă'pamar	ūaă'pamen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
 с'îõăеâīirse	me  с'îõăеâīí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
çèōбțsïçar	no çèōбțsïçen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
сlóèzqшr	сlóèzqшre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ôMãиáãüïr	ôMãиáãüïbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
yōьNúar	yōьNúó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
cñōcqhr	cñōcqhd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
rьșnòúr	rьșnòúr	V;NFIN;spanish
cggìõqțâcar	no cggìõqțâque	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
íȳșṣúæóar	no íȳșṣúæóes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
-ñ·xwīor	-ñ·xwīores	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ojūèVar	ojūèVo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
kS-çrnçwír	kS-çrnçwíbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
NVzdzdìr	NVzdzdìremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
 óà·oüēar	 óà·oüēásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ìñqībrse	te ìñqībbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
'oVkīr	'oVkīríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
r'Vekюyēlar	r'Vekюyēla	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ñиūCæāóir	ñиūCæāóiste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ișaôxcr	ișaôxcd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
sújêjr	sújêjra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
yиSиobár	yиSиobáríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
dçíSïôăar	diçíSïôăo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
îmuõóēò ar	no îmuõóēò emos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
îâtMzdarse	nos îâtMzdáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
çæșpkar	no çæșpkéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
néS-ur	néS-ureis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ețșéqNñdбr	ețșéqNñdбda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
rṣu ь·īìr	rṣu ь·īìr	V;NFIN;spanish
kõ-ñMñr	kõ-ñMñmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
jīxăSãõîar	no jīxăSãõîéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
lgrb-kōr	lgrb-kōste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ñüápyēvēbar	ñüápyēvēbemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ôCãæ·òbr	ôCãæ·òbra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
еxahMr	еxahMmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
lzblzíáȳnar	lzblzíáȳnáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ìбgé Sjzr	ìбgé Sjzse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
īpñíñõhar	īpñíñõhes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
uшțtNēr	uшțtNērán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
vóæãvódyèr	vóæãvódyèrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
êaòoüăr	êaòoüădo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
nqсvêvSr	nqсvêvSríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ztȳroūçmr	ztȳroūçmría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
fṣxúNēеêar	fṣxúNēеêáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
юébēnu-çur	юébēnu-çuste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
Sçsțбюcar	no Sçsțбюquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ēñòMSkuбecir	ēñòMSkuбigamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ãèīukbr	ãèīukbseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
еqьșóесôьсar	еqьșóесôьсes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
gkujkèár	gkujkèár	V;NFIN;spanish
âænèuar	âænèuó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
юēсemrṣr	юēсemrṣras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
VíàūCìvсr	VíàūCìvсréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ṣíôo'бçyïNr	ṣíôo'бçyïNre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
сăāreíMúr	сăāreíMúd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ò-tnqr	ò-tnqra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
бzôă'uâсcar	бzôă'uâсcemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
īṣSш sr	īṣSш sríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ãwūюNraиar	ãwūюNraиen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
õиçṣà·qṣór	õиçṣà·qṣóese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
áóilșuNwer	áóilșuNwíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
Nāóh'zwr	Nāóh'zwréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ūìȳoиxãarse	nos ūìȳoиxãábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
úhpțizюṣxar	úhpțizюṣxáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
бāôшuțóòhse	se бāôшuțóòhán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
qṣaçlîōóbr	qṣaçlîōóbdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
lâmgиyюțítr	lâmgиyюțítra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ythéi·Nr	ythéi·Nrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ăüșMțюâhr	ăüșMțюâhría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ș-êfdăr	ș-êfdăs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ōqïбòár	ōqïбòáese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
-îpāèēfòîr	-îpāèēfòîremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
mïîéēe r	mïîéēe rías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
íóеrtēg btr	íóеrtēg btdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
blsèláеnõr	blsèláеnõban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
fyVqrar	fyVqre	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
èïшCôr	èïшCôste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
cs·сūr	cs·сūda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
gçtésar	gçtésásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ебfúívь'îôr	ебfúívь'îôreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
Sózòpxuer	Sózòpxuan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
eсlnôáșбúr	eсlnôáșбúmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
ēījrăūе иr	ēījrăūе иren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
îuūāzSqr	îuūāzSqr	V;NFIN;spanish
ìïqīíyr	ìïqīíysen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
·óсrōdhиár	·óсrōdhиásteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
țāбügàcr	țāбügàcremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
zNēīîæwar	zNēīîæwo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ãсsæēçir	ãсsæēçan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
úíìē æōm r	úíìē æōm ba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
òlăīeāьuâr	òlăīeāьuâríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
Mбiqôсṣse	se Mбiqôсṣán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
óïcшæeuNãбestir	óïcшæeuNãбistieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ílrVбjènâNr	ílrVбjènâNríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ïõюèetṣar	ïõюèetṣáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
jñæSāüâбar	jñæSāüâбo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ōbиēqr	ōbиēqseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ìblgjțбr	ìblgjțбre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
úsufaáçêahr	úsufaáçêahríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
țzxmsuî·шer	țzxmsuî·шeréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
иôçìóúиtfoar	иôçìóúиtfoe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
yVxьæovmzNr	yVxьæovmzNren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ēțеōgfar	ēțеōgfemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
oюqdṣшor	oюqdṣшomos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
иuu·kîM tcollar	иuu·kîM tcuelles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
бdæSqVl·ar	бdæSqVl·ásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
móáòhătuьar	móáòhătuьarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ïюçȳеr	ïюçȳеremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
jpõāããsșjr	jpõāããsșjd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
țbâpôügьõr	țbâpôügьõra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ìéCdMMézar	ìéCdMMézé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
gáăāuwdșr	gáăāuwdșba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
âlMãocúеr	âlMãocúеrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
òéìoȳk'ьìocer	no òéìoȳk'ьìogas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
āãóиājșuar	āãóиājșúan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ìóhàzòar	ìóhàzòáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
gdoétьptxar	gdoétьptxes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
qv'Vúár	qv'Vúáran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
иjpü-ar	no иjpü-en	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ìqMmēúr	ìqMmēúríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
sсoghnèwVvr	sсoghnèwVvr	V;NFIN;spanish
бõîīь·r	бõîīь·ba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
u bSíder	u bSídimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
wqșwăюiīr	wqșwăюiīremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
'cūwȳkcăõar	'cūwȳkcăões	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ú-ótvyár	ú-ótvyárían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
qcеюшr	qcеюшses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ōfь  wṣer	ōfь  wṣyéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
бliñáçqê'ăar	бliñáçqê'ăáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
wêcSSoóiìr	wêcSSoóiìbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
MutæNăȳtr	MutæNăȳtremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
шòqōьcar	шòqōьquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
īkMôwüsr	īkMôwüsste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
 ṣébêṣr'êìcer	 ṣébêṣr'êìzca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ãiaáfãñtæеr	ãiaáfãñtæеren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
VtìóăсVióсr	VtìóăсVióсr	V;NFIN;spanish
îṣpk car	îṣpk quen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
qõ'kçēúbküar	qõ'kçēúbküáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Nèsшеæær	Nèsшеææmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
âczãyюtühr	âczãyюtühban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
gïálăar	gïálăáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
bîìшūêисfjarse	me bîìшūêисfje	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
çeagScmr	çeagScmbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
autpjar	autpjarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ulãuñoéózr	ulãuñoéózeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
 ú-élcxñьr	 ú-élcxñьre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
eóxțqâșrse	eóxțqâșos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
üèmvæābcór	üèmvæābcóbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
·xțhíūbăæсr	·xțhíūbăæсr	V;NFIN;spanish
yшиfșьãăar	yшиfșьãăáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ьȳõôêCñir	ьȳõôêCñin	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
gèṣSSîasr	gèṣSSîassen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
eшāfmàãrìr	eшāfmàãrìr	V;NFIN;spanish
иrā·iar	иrā·iásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
 íō'õr	 íō'õda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ьyâïiur	ьyâïiud	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
qünxiôvòr	qünxiôvòrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
òliègșir	òliègșáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
gübõîõ-çéar	gübõîõ-çéó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ьêòàçvtșr	ьêòàçvtșron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
lksâîr	lksâîreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
юôãṣãăăr	юôãṣãăăse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ïrсtñr	ïrсtñda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
'Nбāȳsêãсzar	'Nбāȳsêãсces	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
hãâcãēüã xr	hãâcãēüã xras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
VhbôáîNar	VhbôáîNe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ã-htõrctr	ã-htõrcts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ṣóNюér	ṣóNюéran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
üàuï·Nir	üàuï·Nyeseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ãMæe·pcar	ãMæe·pque	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
āúшșktãсr	āúшșktãсrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ìūgú'ā'ãr	ìūgú'ā'ãréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
égçàüī·ȳâir	égçàüī·ȳâen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
сșēner	сșēneremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
е t-jôbadr	е t-jôbadrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
uqbșîpāúr	uqbșîpāúran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
CíșеîиS 'ṣar	CíșеîиS 'ṣemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
àбupīrvóюrer	àбupīrvóюre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
cbóêсșúō·qar	cbóêсșúō·qe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
-бñb-īúāîór	-бñb-īúāîóse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
bïgiqtfóer	bïgiqtfódría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
иēшīnòr	иēшīnòreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ōNîuúāyōar	no ōNîuúāyōe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
pcàṣïõarse	no os pcàṣïõéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ãèúuìbȳr	ãèúuìbȳda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
éōspȳhòr	éōspȳhòrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
êàoïnṣfaüar	êàoïnṣfaüábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
xfțrбr	xfțrбréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
áòsūāshvr	áòsūāshvron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
qâūarfüqr	qâūarfüqdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
-ügfwnìowxarse	me -ügfwnìowxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
wcсеi zar	wcсеi cemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
uțïtçj-er	no uțïtçj-amos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
eçCkìīr	eçCkìīren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
VōōüCșurșír	VōōüCșurșíre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
uṣãáNētî zar	no uṣãáNētî zemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
бceōwțbar	бceōwțbemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ibaèòêюr	ibaèòêюrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ïăôwñr	ïăôwñse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
xáìrdar	xáìrdásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
hȳctṣăr	hȳctṣărais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
lxq iбüêòr	lxq iбüêòron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
·āêvюà-ar	·āêvюà-a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ānиnîțar	ānиnîțásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
óxéьîyer	óxéьîyímos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
çsш'owr	çsш'owreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
nfòшaăr	nfòшaăre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
z-tюьkxar	z-tюьkxemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
юñbrшcеar	юñbrшcеéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ṣqăçșMuar	no ṣqăçșMúes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
duohīar	duohīes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
éhgcVr	éhgcVs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
tиri-ōăñar	tиri-ōăñemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ñōōīсár	ñōōīсáras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
idVhюïir	idVhюïían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
'õqéaNer	'õqéaNieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
Vhübòer	Vhübòiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
â fwóìVîover	â fwóìVîueve	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
m-'jgìser	m-'jgìsía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
âīlaṣVṣr	âīlaṣVṣres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
yèсuṣr	yèсuṣmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
íkăȳVypьar	íkăȳVypьáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
icbww hpir	icbww hpidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ṣw-sеьlcș·ir	no ṣw-sеьlcș·yamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ōbá-æèyr	ōbá-æèyr	V;NFIN;spanish
zбăюatr	zбăюatría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ñlkбSeìüar	ñlkбSeìüábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
lūaãòãr	lūaãòãría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ōánfór	ōánfóríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
sô uCèr	sô uCèríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
bjxkçCūar	no bjxkçCūemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
éfát ækVñīr	éfát ækVñīmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
xȳõVpюar	xȳõVpюen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
țh·fòâzar	țh·fòâce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ȳāūиdr	ȳāūиdre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
æhmo·ānìo'r	æhmo·ānìo'rán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
óōVjNьdóṣjar	óōVjNьdóṣjó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
uòuшjīr	uòuшjīban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
dNohüar	no dNohüéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Sè Su īCбór	Sè Su īCбóremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
àcòNьdSuar	no àcòNьdSúe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
--dṣãrr	--dṣãrmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
țõSȳār	țõSȳāban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
rhàюáōìīr	rhàюáōìīd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ăct -ō-r	ăct -ō-remos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
e êpsumr	e êpsumsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
tküfñr	tküfñba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ēódsãúxțr	ēódsãúxțs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
âuVõittrlâr	âuVõittrlârá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
zçjVãqéfr	zçjVãqéfra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
adàãîõî xarse	nos adàãîõî xábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
pNāēnr	pNāēnba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
æwrSôCáăyr	æwrSôCáăyses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
tebūçr	tebūçste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ьсóSçīúar	ьсóSçīúen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
áMwúàlcir	áMwúàljera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ãSшȳñïr	ãSшȳñïd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ômúьбăfr	ômúьбăfdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
èêюhàcífójar	èêюhàcífóje	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ñшgMbïr	ñшgMbïbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
zwõāòarse	zwõāòémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
èășyṣkшбy·ar	èășyṣkшбy·ábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
lætSràer	lætSràisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ylсúăaqgsēr	ylсúăaqgsērías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
îfcòьjr	îfcòьjdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
wmìașlúeсær	wmìașlúeсæsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
NṣàbôеCâeer	NṣàbôеCâeéis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ôksūaîеñr	ôksūaîеñs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
zь·àîиsñer	zь·àîиsñías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ȳgṣеìṣar	no ȳgṣеìṣes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ū·uCtțo-óêr	ū·uCtțo-óêd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
șlîõūáìāētr	șlîõūáìāētba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ușNoēшêr	ușNoēшêse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
n юpiqneюrr	n юpiqneюrd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Stcç'ṣCȳсăr	Stcç'ṣCȳсăre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
xìьócñṣ'r	xìьócñṣ'ra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
Sãcêer	Sãcêeses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ьшjàqar	no ьшjàqes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
òéwcиoбertir	òéwcиoбierten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
áьușêap·r	áьușêap·seis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
rst-'xбēar	rst-'xбēáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ìç·hátèSrr	ìç·hátèSrra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ȳdêdsíxr	ȳdêdsíxendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ôēCītçar	ôēCītçásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
īuсgêíóșar	īuсgêíóșáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
tȳóvóâūüNir	tȳóvóâūüNid	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
a'ȳCbar	no a'ȳCbemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
āyîèMNr	āyîèMNda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
țuxūqar	no țuxūquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
иéóNóar	иéóNóemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
еîōüñēar	еîōüñēáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ãnăиáț ю·r	ãnăиáț ю·mos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
çntüă'suxêr	çntüă'suxêremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
еyбSicar	еyбSique	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
òe'ишțāeșar	òe'ишțāeșemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
îfúmīūáójar	no îfúmīūáójues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
āūãdkôr	āūãdkôres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
āVgṣVar	āVgṣVe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ñìsfqàïerse	se ñìsfqàïía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
сиdsúб'ăсíar	сиdsúб'ăсíásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
 cêиêr	 cêиêríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ōīüсimr	ōīüсimr	V;NFIN;spanish
cyñwégar	cyñwégemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
qàāòzoṣVar	qàāòzoṣVe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
âбиîиòoêcwr	âбиîиòoêcwd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ṣțüșlr	ṣțüșlré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
lsqcúíṣúxr	lsqcúíṣúxra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
dygīzàшç ·r	dygīzàшç ·ríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
êăriăqætvvr	êăriăqætvvrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
zrēpfsnr	zrēpfsnría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
юæȳvvr	юæȳvvron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ṣìēkjṣēēúir	no ṣìēkjṣēēúyáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
fьōzìæç·еr	fьōzìæç·еremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
сс'ūCāìcjãar	сс'ūCāìcjãa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
v·óéóêkr	v·óéóêks	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
óàüьèóēiSr	óàüьèóēiSréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
àìClȳü·er	àìClȳü·iéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
îăC-tr	îăC-tren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
übãelkuèíjar	übãelkuèíjo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
òqm rсóñr	òqm rсóñmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
æб'õеrr	æб'õеrre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ьôôбMese	se ьôôбMeán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
aoSyg·иmáìr	aoSyg·иmáìdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
îì dăoæSr	îì dăoæSba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ținюсшăsgrir	ținюсшăsgréremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
swáñpăr	swáñpămos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
n·íшnàr	n·íшnàremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
eüxìüjôìmerirse	eüxìüjôìmiriéndose	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
üzāсæiīâór	üzāсæiīâómos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
îvиúinar	îvиúine	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
képôeoбcmrse	se képôeoбcmba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
bbьēbîr	bbьēbîd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ȳàîmшōr	ȳàîmшōres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
zæuюūêîæāker	zæuюūêîæākdrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
çeсōiar	no çeсōie	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
hьãápибmăàr	hьãápибmăàres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
zkōàaMcr	zkōàaMcra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
cȳabêsjar	no cȳabêsjen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
aáqgNçsar	aáqgNçsarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ūàçõbpìr	ūàçõbpìses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
jиtòzSr	jиtòzSran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
üúVṣær	üúVṣæda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
vïõишâ'eeir	no vïõишâ'eeamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
īMú-òr	īMú-òr	V;NFIN;spanish
ōcôzēar	ōcôzēáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
væìáăōõar	væìáăōõáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
qōòōèr	qōòōèdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
wюhrNюâgиrse	te wюhrNюâgиste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
юqād r	юqād rán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
wātæôSăarse	nos wātæôSăáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
wwīCjūxóú'car	no wwīCjūxóú'ques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
õбāōdir	õбāōdíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ktíegēàò-r	ktíegēàò-d	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Cfeūcairse	se Cfeūcaían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
âîtáSr	âîtáSere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
-òūduìkсr	-òūduìkсdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ófSbсor	ófSbсora	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ьūâNoïr	ьūâNoïba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
Mgàxṣь·rюur	Mgàxṣь·rюusteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
áj-aèȳ'ar	áj-aèȳ'en	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
llюvшar	no llюvшen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
sMūdnu íșеr	sMūdnu íșеseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
jăpjàr	jăpjàba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ìììиMæar	no ìììиMæuemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
еюümvṣ'бar	еюümvṣ'бáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ujfmõșíMgse	me ujfmõșíMgé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ā·Væиheáîr	ā·Væиheáîba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
áãôgyeáюúgr	áãôgyeáюúgría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
áīlzcr	áīlzcríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ȳzhō r	ȳzhō n	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ôzòçtilertar	ôzòçtilierta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
q'ēõsvê·r	q'ēõsvê·ría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
urçcvȳkțăшr	urçcvȳkțăшrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
е шCeesăиãar	е шCeesăиãe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
rсncóíîir	rсncóíîyese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
óībșjбââr	óībșjбââremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
eñNèkr	eñNèks	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
óirōțārбr	óirōțārбste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ūïhîndõlvar	no ūïhîndõlves	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
îсâuxōar	îсâuxōemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
tqòN-pr	tqòN-prais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
æxêVōсzar	æxêVōсcen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
pçiîсyôVìṣr	pçiîсyôVìṣrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
q frюjиr	q frюjиseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
Sôìòoīr	Sôìòoīdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
eéiíSróçVôr	eéiíSróçVôremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
юüêâō·ãxózar	юüêâō·ãxócéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
t·qzqșr	t·qzqșrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
eúhmizăzzr	eúhmizăzzran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
eōōсhií·qr	eōōсhií·qrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ōrübṣōū-ú-r	ōrübṣōū-ú-ndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
irсSãșlm r	irсSãșlm ríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ăиaеier	ăиaеiemos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
áūo·ãqMбr	áūo·ãqMбré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
jüāêьō'ér	jüāêьō'éría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
țāMìàãеюсir	țāMìàãеюсía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
jūl vèïüVar	jūl vèïüVó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
еïõīír	еïõīín	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
aqropáïhșar	aqropáïhșáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
CāoaVNer	CāoaVNan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
wvkūúéб-īãr	wvkūúéб-īãmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ūj èêçéær	ūj èêçéæbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
бț șhōr	бț șhōría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ccóòjodlN-ir	ccóòjodlN-es	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
Cюêeujr	Cюêeujrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
īãnñârțr	īãnñârțseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
иṣsūsçMшar	иṣsūsçMшó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ūōòéțîбrr	ūōòéțîбrdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ăīòæămar	ăīòæăma	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
vqsîunar	vqsîunéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
úsīfj ar	úsīfj en	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
fçoюeīьōõse	os fçoюeīьōõíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
āNúàæar	āNúàæe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
úèmxьñăar	úèmxьñăemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
еupеăuvcrñer	еupеăuvcrñiese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ïçeăcбāiar	ïçeăcбāíense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
gæútṣæêl-rse	se gæútṣæêl-se	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
nиâõсmēCzar	no nиâõсmēCces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
xaṣCōïhar	xaṣCōïhe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
xuбnpse	te xuбnpás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
hæñáūqíāzar	hæñáūqíācemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ãūjkееá'gr	ãūjkееá'gda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ñwōab gvr	ñwōab gvsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
'îsīmrse	me 'îsīmba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
jebuиNюlgr	jebuиNюlgdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
cиôytebar	cиôytebásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ôīMíctșñkar	no ôīMíctșñkemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
hēсeеìar	hēсeеìa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ȳcíükfrger	ȳcíükfrgga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
-ōссkar	-ōссkáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
·Vеóâìīñ·r	·Vеóâìīñ·bais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
sшñòddеìar	sшñòddеìa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
úCs-eNar	no úCs-eNes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
сúēiăr	сúēiărías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
bçēô·êíenir	bçēô·êíiniera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
jáçíьür	jáçíьüré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
nàìrūdîr	nàìrūdîremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
mlêăçrīhjzr	mlêăçrīhjzste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ïydvăáar	ïydvăáes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
Cюüúair	Cюüúaían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ȳçCï-ïentir	ȳçCï-ïintamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
pēnyūzṣõar	pēnyūzṣõemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ôьōâúñMçjṣar	ôьōâúñMçjṣemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
vCyk'xvar	vCyk'xváis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Nеnīñàar	Nеnīñàáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
oàãïvȳysr	oàãïvȳysreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
Sìügxшюóṣȳr	Sìügxшюóṣȳse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
àā·еjacar	no àā·еjaquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ügìáüar	ügìáüáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
VqMNьr	VqMNьrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
rzædê moṣr	rzædê moṣr	V;NFIN;spanish
сșüсCarse	nos сșüсCáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
óxóVț-mюr	óxóVț-mюdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
CNâæțjár	CNâæțjáseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
Vfâkrșîcar	Vfâkrșîque	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
áãbaVюșCaúr	áãbaVюșCaúmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
éēиNõíyr	éēиNõíyréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
юtSj'r	юtSj'rás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
иmиgājg·wțr	иmиgājg·wțrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ìawn-ar	no ìawn-éis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ōnêăwSCtar	ōnêăwSCtó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
úbNrâaáer	no úbNrâaáa	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ā'țpzțôar	no ā'țpzțôemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
mèíиюfăSōīr	mèíиюfăSōīban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
 ēюêòüpMéher	 ēюêòüpMéhiera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ājC·īīVșcçr	ājC·īīVșcçmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
mе'éwātir	mе'éwātís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ȳnșārzar	ȳnșārce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
VmCsòbékìse	os VmCsòbékìais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
çoōиyCсíór	çoōиyCсíóseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
hdōyōase	nos hdōyōaíamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
sьíшioônar	sьíшioônó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
àwdìțèiēьzar	no àwdìțèiēьces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
eèxêșêīéar	eèxêșêīééis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
lȳíyìr	lȳíyìrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
 rfōVnxNãar	 rfōVnxNãa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
dviüȳèúer	dviüȳèúí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
akbvò·r	akbvò·ra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
âtjNèīr	âtjNèības	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
tcV-īṣãhúar	no tcV-īṣãhúéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
шslwvr	шslwvse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ãòléțM-ar	ãòléțM-e	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
awSìúéfșar	awSìúéfșes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
xàьīñr	xàьīñendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
mȳьyüpp-r	mȳьyüpp-ras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
âê·haìшlr	âê·haìшlría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
fCjēíсшtr	fCjēíсшts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
êMzmиná îar	êMzmиná îa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
'aāьüfer	'aāьüfigan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
V'tkzîényar	V'tkzîényé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
sVêxdōñиar	sVêxdōñиábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
üVpuôr	üVpuôste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
üqsMVtkr	üqsMVtkrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
еșīá-țõivçr	еșīá-țõivçr	V;NFIN;spanish
ókjãēīăr	ókjãēīăseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
úçūjшk·æ kr	úçūjшk·æ kba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
áшиòìrbr	áшиòìrbmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
jwnpêfìáúer	jwnpêfìáúedos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
-ț nțīīòjr	-ț nțīīòjré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
Sîеюéюr	Sîеюéюdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ubcōMar	no ubcōMéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
еVêșfàсúar	еVêșfàсúe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ïpîióoīar	ïpîióoīemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
иȳèoir	иȳèoirais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
huCеóv юir	huCеóv юamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
u vwzr	u vwzres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
bt ōшõr	bt ōшõndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ôhSgSar	ôhSgSó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
еjе-ízxæVnr	еjе-ízxæVnren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
юkMūюSêSсáar	no юkMūюSêSсáue	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ú qwбșūar	ú qwбșūáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ȳãvéCr	ȳãvéCsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
âêízсïgbàȳar	âêízсïgbàȳábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
xoïàбar	xoïàбa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
rS-ôț'ãfrar	rS-ôț'ãfráis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
òóșñgCbсr	òóșñgCbсr	V;NFIN;spanish
gebVj r	gebVj d	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
cеюõüNejár	cеюõüNejáría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
íēиihvvyār	íēиihvvyārá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
kî'írkr	kî'írkste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
bï'юakCar	bï'юakCé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ьãïюçãalnar	ьãïюçãalnarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
Cb·çșNcòr	Cb·çșNcòse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
еūшțhr	еūшțhseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
hīàoăеür	hīàoăеüran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
țezãxfèr	țezãxfèremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
èțюçáătvar	èțюçáătváramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ïâüăïjar	ïâüăïjen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
zȳáæююgMdpr	zȳáæююgMdpdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
áâwæNlhr	áâwæNlhría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
gãîcjzбbîr	gãîcjzбbîron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
Nсdææehoblar	Nсdææehueble	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
guêoīcúqüijar	no guêoīcúqüíjen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
fClăçr	fClăçrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
Nçxyēîúéșñar	Nçxyēîúéșñáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
n- ìūdnéòr	n- ìūdnéòda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
dtjgder	dtjgden	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
SNīюzyar	SNīюzye	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ïȳñиṣür	ïȳñиṣüsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
mzôfqìr	mzôfqìse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ȳîeVacr	ȳîeVacron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
căūâîr	căūâîron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
сиôoюñar	no сиôoюñemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
иāmãoïeguir	иāmãoïiguierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
Sās ăèbNCSr	Sās ăèbNCSs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
Cȳ-ìSс àāar	Cȳ-ìSс àāó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
șьâșünzâr	șьâșünzâre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
épõtīēyar	épõtīēyáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
q hībnæar	q hībnæe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
còmqádáVar	còmqádáVábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ñdcȳenuzr	ñdcȳenuzron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
èSúăSharse	èSúăShémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
tsбüшôàăar	tsбüшôàăáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ãjæшnâCãr	ãjæшnâCãdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
çzpaüь'еșr	çzpaüь'еșn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
dâuеîrсr	dâuеîrсren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ãăójwbîar	ãăójwbîábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ì-lqnMòwiñarse	se ì-lqnMòwiña	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
șãzïcæMr	șãzïcæMste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
gāáò-mxèsqr	gāáò-mxèsqbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
tшибеkèãmpr	tшибеkèãmpseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
lVuōixer	no lVuōixas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ehgṣlcar	no ehgṣlques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
wâcшbêpkr	wâcшbêpkres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
 lūudar	 lūudábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
'бdsxr	'бdsxre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ȳoōhar	ȳoōhase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
Cjqôīìar	Cjqôīìéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
xúhú-·egir	no xúhú-·ijan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
übшædçr	übшædçríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
xd·mwêюȳàer	xd·mwêюȳàisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ò MôõSykar	ò MôõSykéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
șôīõmṣxhr	șôīõmṣxheras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
īōю·бòãôar	īōю·бòãôéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ōшcесünóoner	ōшcесünóusierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
yfțàîсîr	yfțàîсîren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
àțMijúr	àțMijúres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
qxăïâōсxбecir	qxăïâōсxбijéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
çlсuбmãr	çlсuбmãese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ôиpȳfúṣíeèr	ôиpȳfúṣíeèba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
cāãàgVșеr	cāãàgVșеseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
oâñbtã·ôr	oâñbtã·ômos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ēūãáõȳēhSVr	ēūãáõȳēhSVría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
hiúnñmcar	hiúnñmqué	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
юènpjfòdr	юènpjfòdre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ãoM-pr	ãoM-pses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ēñmSūīr	ēñmSūīsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
áNēzmãбáêar	áNēzmãбáêábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
·î-fñkеèar	·î-fñkеèé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ēăééôṣdr	ēăééôṣdríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
x--ō ăиr	x--ō ăиban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
rṣckíṣxar	rṣckíṣxáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
uxït r	uxït rán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
-uбæizmòkwer	-uбæizmòkwieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
içñfòôюxиçr	içñfòôюxиçrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
 òüàòиr	 òüàòиn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
socjn шânūar	suecjn шânūo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
îfdéV-ear	îfdéV-ee	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
îúeçgicharse	îúeçgíchense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
țí·ēl·æpürse	țí·ēl·æpüos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ìxēfõzar	ìxēfõcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
âwmüübñj·zar	âwmüübñj·za	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
vhæūõcṣr	vhæūõcṣra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ewdaиñir	ewdaиñyeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
natōõr	natōõríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
yîóy-üō'M-r	yîóy-üō'M-mos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
íюyóīṣir	íюyóīṣira	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
SCzdzṣïr	SCzdzṣïn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
àteshr	àteshba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
Vșeãwār	Vșeãwāera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
zíìêl·юæïar	no zíìêl·юæïen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
áadăaSõSSyr	áadăaSõSSyron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
rümnāpjõr	rümnāpjõba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
-a-ãāfr	-a-ãāfremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ãàkèe-egur	ãàkèe-eguría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
шñșowr	шñșowsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ïcMwăìêúr	ïcMwăìêúse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ȳeüūúzõr	ȳeüūúzõban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
jãoōīkôúьr	jãoōīkôúьsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
zṣțivar	zṣțivemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
иlîkиàîr	иlîkиàîban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ôьóldàSūr	ôьóldàSūseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ìóсjāīõóüír	ìóсjāīõóüíre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
Nsьqãir	Nsьqãiría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
açdæwíyar	açdæwíya	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
hãjîôuììr	hãjîôuììeres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
sшaæ-ìê·óìar	sшaæ-ìê·óìe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
iqüēîr	iqüēîdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ò·'âīr	ò·'âīremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
сlyььàNr	сlyььàNn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
dñțюñúmjeguir	dñțюñúmjiguiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
бюnmúr	бюnmúren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
duméȳpïfr	duméȳpïfses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
шõõăíūr	шõõăíūdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
êqhuuñ Nsr	êqhuuñ Nsdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
mеægеr	mеægеse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
íæīMbшr	íæīMbшreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ñznduñçсar	ñznduñçсábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
üīaæ·kr	üīaæ·kran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ūnmōókwfȳar	ūnmōókwfȳéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ãиéèõñuarse	se ãиéèõñúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
cúașvzêr	cúașvzêban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
-éjfNçôșr	-éjfNçôșra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ìsMuиp-r	ìsMuиp-steis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
îMюhюr	îMюhюse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
éшu'āorse	nos éшu'āomos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
übjìüô jxr	übjìüô jxmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
õoïеáwzțvjr	õoïеáwzțvjr	V;NFIN;spanish
lṣьúâar	lṣьúâé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
zìgāmaar	no zìgāmaemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
юțèïе-cfvr	юțèïе-cfvseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
çipȳfqâcr	çipȳfqâcste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ìбō-õohíar	no ìбō-õohíe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ṣșōátfìă zar	ṣșōátfìă zábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
êéé'esêūеNer	êéé'esêūеNíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ñndhNCșиNr	ñndhNCșиNron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
xuôēèr	xuôēèdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ōȳlkVæ-r	ōȳlkVæ-steis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
сsy'qõȳêbôr	сsy'qõȳêbôd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
òìh'ldòr	òìh'ldòrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
Cțwāòăér	Cțwāòăéra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ìlfțkr	ìlfțkréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
vеàmãôū-ór	vеàmãôū-ód	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ūV-òṣ·dar	no ūV-òṣ·déis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ȳjfìkfzșar	ȳjfìkfzșuviste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
Sorfêēr	Sorfêēreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
çduõnēīíñțr	çduõnēīíñțràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
êtсūrVеar	êtсūrVеéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
cõMògсCôсr	cõMògсCôсdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ShîюCor	ShîюCorà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
Vaūeīzar	Vaūeīzem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
qūnâșkțlMçr	qūnâșkțlMçren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
сæczõaewïēar	сæczõaewïēuéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
шqáсбkțnar	шqáсбkțna	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
hâțēuòìáȳcar	hâțēuòìáȳqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
'иwæōțr	'иwæōțnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
юaesuVcúшrar-se	юaesuVcúшràvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
èCæúăīòr	èCæúăīòres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
bkțóюoaar	bkțóюoao	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
aȳюaõîvbr	aȳюaõîvbts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
țṣìșăшjmír	țṣìșăшjmíres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
сí-úór	сí-úónt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
xyêam·ṣбure	xyêam·ṣбguéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
сVjlàwr	сVjlàwdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
еcбñõṣN r	еcбñõṣN da	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
àuеlîar	àuеlîen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
 с'-jlúr	 с'-jlúts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
crræqēar	crræqēes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
сSîSîюVr	сSîSîюVré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
wgțàoar	wgțàoés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ōāxюauar	ōāxюauessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
бюelăèMr	бюelăèMm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ñ'ñqбиȳar	ñ'ñqбиȳàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
lbxīCkȳūwïar	lbxīCkȳūwïí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
mkq-úț·Nêūar	mkq-úț·Nêūessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
parèuàçē r	pareuàçē m	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ūăvñибиr	ūăvñибиràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
zсzæêvtüSar	zсzæêvtüSa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
zààòсkpjòãr	zààòсkpjòãreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ñjwșns·ar	ñjwșns·í	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ôâōdfeíuar	ôâōdfeíuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
órúitб-se	órúitбeu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
wòbxlzôr	wòbxlzôríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ajītáaóCànyer	ajītáaóCanyíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
boșjããvç-car	boșjããvç-quis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
òiиōbèàpur	òiиōbèàpuren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
CșïnшāSfsur	CșïnшāSfsuts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
āàíçjázgêpr	āàíçjázgêpríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
îòиáūēSar	îòиáūēSo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
íôȳipr	íôȳipm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
gôú-ūhr	gôú-ūhran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
sōçьhôdr	sōçьhôdr	V;NFIN;catalan
ēNSoàar	ēNSoàeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
SadíéìeéCar	SadíéìeéCem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
sêætrïfr	sêætrïfrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
i'kdwusṣügr	i'kdwusṣügríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
иá-bSōkaNar	иá-bSōkaNàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
CVàсæсar	CVàсæсem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
V еüír	V еüíria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
n uwsæиēure	n uwsæиēïa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
sȳáȳêar	sȳáȳêàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
Căuâ'vîqzèar	Căuâ'vîqzèés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
țūàaīâr	țūàaīâràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ãīlnïNȳVțar	ãīlnïNȳVți	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
īpãșōaker	īpãșōakeria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
d'dfēyīr	d'dfēyīria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
eюãăsюèàir	eюãăsюèàiria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ēnVéõîír	ēnVéõîíren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
țríviChjïșr	țríviChjïșva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
юíêlfezиxr	юíêlfezиxva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
Sиwâòxē-r	Sиwâòxē-ràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
pVьmьūkir	pVьmьūkís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
-bfjhgсr	-bfjhgсria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
yçgáúr	yçgáúva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ddecôïeūeNe	ddecôïeūeNia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
·aNьlr	·aNьldes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ñō æȳxar	ñō æȳxéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
jègiîthar	jègiîthés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
văocbar	văocbessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
tõāijar	tõāijueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
Shȳuеlar	Shȳuеlessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
wēüútr	wēüútr	V;NFIN;catalan
auhtóar	auhtóarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ï-áC -se	ï-áC ies	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
áluvêóâdre	áluvêóâguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
qеñшaar	qеñшaàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
īãȳbèōnшșьar	īãȳbèōnшșьessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ôõиāzjljSăr	ôõиāzjljSăr	V;NFIN;catalan
șvìб·ar	șvìб·em	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ágjjíеeêìar	ágjjíеeêìi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
șîNôüсir	șîNôüсí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ókṣvvnr	ókṣvvnva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
slò-ьr	slò-ьrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
nìofáqar	nìofáqessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
rpkêáēauüîir	rpkêáēauüîeix	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
òaeátar	òaeáteu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
бīvl-ōr	бīvl-ōríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
șȳ·īlcēNìr	șȳ·īlcēNìven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
îv îôhçr	îv îôhçres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
iüīсõar	iüīсõem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
çcMpMôsyhdre	çcMpMôsyhgueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
reghxсSqjSar	circhxсSqjSin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
baāūæīr	baāūæīr	V;NFIN;catalan
'ьбjñõàçsūar	'ьбjñõàçsūàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ōüṣgôïar	ōüṣgôïeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
âшбșāñMṣăar	âшбșāñMṣăa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
çôéúçzсsre	çôéúçzсsen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
еîüyêõôájr	еîüyêõôájts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
aúìțsetr	aúìțsetran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ȳеwélюбpăìar	ȳеwélюбpăìà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
bçzqúār	bçzqúāries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ñãêîoônk dre	ñãêîoônk gueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
еē·wṣēír	еē·wṣēínt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
'êqóocíar	'êqóocíàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
yêüāīèruNr	yêüāīèruNdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ïpìбCȳōr	ïpìбCȳōria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
eьwvsnfăāqr	eьwvsnfăāqdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
pmjсabüьr	pmjсabüьr	V;NFIN;catalan
mCãóeüà'fōcar	mCãóeüà'fōquem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
шãшãèr	шãшãèves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ьNvscznàьar	ьNvscznàьàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
cñȳbțlúà ar	cñȳbțlúà a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
·Mzfiиevēюar	·Mzfiиevēюeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
yîеṣàīâlr	yîеṣàīâlrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ōpdVççar	ōpdVçces	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ūgиāсMhāsõar	ūgиāсMhāsõéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
'qjqaìбàier	'qjqaìбàieríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
lбúòülìjmèar	lбúòülìjmèàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
vṣōgьar	vṣōgьes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ã·uюò·șir-se	ã·uюò·șíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
Vиïõṣȳ'hïțr	Vиïõṣȳ'hïțreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
znăюñr	znăюñria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
k·-éūCegMre	k·-éūCegMéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
væóțoțbMar	væóțoțbMeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ütmôīõибMyar	ütmôīõибMyeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
иúNèNCôюkìar	иúNèNCôюkìà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
oьòãìxar	oьòãìxà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
rM'юи'C'ir	rM'юи'C'eixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
sfüe ar	sfüe eu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
çnvîMîgбțar	çnvîMîgбțem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ìñeèêïbì·ure	ìñeèêïbì·guessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ìoóé·ȳàyVar	ìoóé·ȳàyVo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ēckúCьr	ēckúCьria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ïōMȳõīar	ïōMȳõīessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
-āpâár	-āpâáva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ãçãúvgdóãoir	ãçãúvgdóãoís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ìíu'ьcar	ìíu'ьcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
pșèúdии·îldre	pșèúdии·îlíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ñê·ūṣȳMfar	ñê·ūṣȳMféssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
ākâèàūar	ākâèàūàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
áьшvâ'r	áьшvâ'res	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
sôбn ăyar	sôбn ăyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
oãсșxãar	oãсșxãueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
úéшbṣár	úéшbṣáres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
zmàsă'wïăcr	zmàsă'wïăcria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
iMtdokMhæir	iMtdokMhæir	V;NFIN;catalan
ō·nsõwȳar	ō·nsõwȳessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ьōfhòórrer	ьōfhòorri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ȳqqp-ūir	ȳqqp-ūïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
òiaōȳcôNwéixer	òiaōȳcôNweixéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
dòеõ·r	dòеõ·ven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
esîījsduêr	esîījsduêva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
çzMdpsãr	çzMdpsãran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ìс-âюōce	ìс-âюōcíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
șíVC áãr	șíVC áãva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
oō·mdáṣcțpr	oō·mdáṣcțprà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
rïMèбqhшdìr	rïMèбqhшdìres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ē-сgtēCmr	ē-сgtēCmm	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
é xNōr	é xNōren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ȳf'fïr	ȳf'fïran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
-еiâóar	-еiâóàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
òyēñæúñr	òyēñæúñrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ī''бãïṣr	ī''бãïṣven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
vāüêdiaçóar	vāüêdiaçóin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
īèь Sȳïnar	īèь Sȳïnem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
măīdеyclбcar	măīdеyclбqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
xàfьrшșôíâar	xàfьrшșôíâueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
dbиõñar	dbиõñàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
kïìcysdțbar	kïìcysdțbàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
oòеāúãàNæmar	oòеāúãàNæmàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
áfî'lăCêr	áfî'lăCêran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
yxúrtVpóõlr	yxúrtVpóõlves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
jæ'ef'шôoe	jæ'ef'шôoien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ălhшhàíir	ălhшhàííem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
eȳtæбCar	eȳtæбCa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
êиîсjиâr	êиîсjиârem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
mqãg-áăõjr	mqãg-áăõjr	V;NFIN;catalan
tú·шîṣjar	tú·шîṣjàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ôṣyNōюfcar	ôṣyNōюfquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
zqxеșiNêjīar	zqxеșiNêjīin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
j éîțō'òar	j éîțō'òessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
șīVеófálșar	șīVеófálșen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
fqêvquVVr	fqêvquVVries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ṣvăíòar	ṣvăíòïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
vebóôzf'zure	vèiebóôzf'zm	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ñêúē-mar	ñêúē-mïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
pюâuzūēüбydre	pюâuzūēüбyguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
сеьōsúmqьr	сеьōsúmqьr	V;NFIN;catalan
VwvсMar	VwvсMàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ușdágnâăar	ușdágnâăeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
VCшjnjсr	VCшjnjсven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
icīídōr	icīídōríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
çñșrkṣьar	çñșrkṣьa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ūîțã·īue	ūîțã·īuà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
rkиyéxqkcmre	rkиyéxqkcmeren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ñujeбr	ñujeбria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
б-Sàájar	б-Sàágéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
lеūȳ-ьir	lеūȳ-ьïen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
sеpüei·cr	sеpüei·creu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
īgláōlæzēõr	īgláōlæzēõda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
cиlȳеìlãr	cиlȳеìlãr	V;NFIN;catalan
āeSïьàqcar	āeSïьàqquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
иîrȳò 'сàdre	иîrȳò 'сàgués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ñáyéN иèrṣar	ñáyéN иèrṣàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
wôeNlar	wôeNla	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ūnVuqar	ūnVuqéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
lçṣyēpōñxõr	lçṣyēpōñxõgui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
æüdē'hcшïшr	æüdē'hcшïшria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
Vșīuшtūū ïr	Vșīuшtūū ïré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
bîñSôìCr	bîñSôìCda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
òüwюnsóüеīar	òüwюnsóüеīo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
șSâNCr	șSâNCràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
umõишoàgyr	umõишoàgyva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ãūáêcñV·ьr	ãūáêcñV·ьnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
úttuюã·r	úttuюã·va	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
kṣеиfjìoúæar	kṣеиfjìoúæi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ūVêhærmæar	ūVêhærmæa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
б êsõar	б êsõés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
iбú·âā·ar	iбú·âā·es	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
òdjiбar	òdjiбés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
iCóçáxekar	iCóçáxekis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
oи·aēzàсdre	oи·aēzàсgui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ôçrȳrēr	ôçrȳrēr	V;NFIN;catalan
îшòijṣuar	îшòijṣuàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
юôMóxrMar	юôMóxrMàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
íēîMшțïor	íēîMшțïossin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
áVõс'āòxhar	áVõс'āòxhàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ãímббxhbpr	ãímббxhbpràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
SègèăexMéwar	SègèăexMéwàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
еãqbvиéãar	еãqbvиéãà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
fțæõă'òèixer	fțæõă'òegueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
 иìwMqēkr	 иìwMqēku	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
sæȳôūìær	sæȳôūìæran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ȳеьïăārhSór	ȳеьïăārhSóríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
byèēucr	byèēucnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
àuMūuēr	àuMūuēr	V;NFIN;catalan
útuwàêūrиxr	útuwàêūrиxreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
īükéæVõõar	īükéæVõõo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ūídbeīær	ūídbeīæt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
zhâméSbr	zhâméSbries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ā·lgsâmìòmar	ā·lgsâmìòmà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
dçóеôr	dçóеôré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
бmnærîgõdеr	бmnærîgõdеr	V;NFIN;catalan
mçñ'sruSáar	mçñ'sruSáo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
sēеl-êNr	sēеl-êNria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
úuíy'ôòàȳce	úuíy'ôòàȳce	V;NFIN;catalan
eшfюèbìCбr-se	eшfюèbìCбm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
Cauahāñбêar	Cauahāñбêeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
deêogâNâr	deêogâNâva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
wxãăsê ír	wxãăsê íves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ṣbqjèçьnar	ṣbqjèçьnessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
v-oсwêæehr	v-oсwêæehves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
meēr r	meēr ré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
gūìbеNhtdre	gūìbеNhtia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
çNjNüáNr	çNjNüáNria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
èṣãuüàsf'ar	èṣãuüàsf'à	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
bâīōòsb'ōar	bâīōòsb'ōessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
wpápâir	wpápâí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
áóббure	áóббuin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
júpãюm·r	júpãюm·ves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
yMôpàir	yMôpàí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
būеMȳM r	būеMȳM rien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ṣâr'abqabúr	ṣâr'abqabúva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
qõēïüôüVxîr	qõēïüôüVxît	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
oVesyiwăer	oeVesyiwăexo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
SçVoeюüиSr	SçVoeюüиSren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
юсăãàfíàūmcar	юсăãàfíàūmquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
çærîūdar	çærîūdem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
'yvñсì·eēar	'yvñсì·eēueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
óekCõâéàîíure's	t'óekCõâéàîígueres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
nxōkāqãjēñar	nxōkāqãjēñessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
dçônиūwr	dçônиūwrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
á ñю-dбюì·ar	á ñю-dбюì·essis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
--ïüæSâьzr	--ïüæSâьzres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
Nzfìōōdõar	Nzfìōōdõàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
jpdïūr	jpdïūràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ââjбṣȳț'cбar	ââjбṣȳț'cбàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
nțïáêr	nțïáêria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
-lzsṣ·zsr	-lzsṣ·zsnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
kNсю ēāāgícar	kNсю ēāāgíqués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
óæïCdòñæâr	óæïCdòñæâríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
-ōmьyēȳurr	-ōmьyēȳurria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ocêe'ṣoMr	ocêe'ṣoMves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
vqбиōāar	vqбиōāa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
Cīṣúūúr	Cīṣúūúven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
țшabúcayṣlar	țшabúcayṣlà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
Nш·ãìtir	Nш·ãìtíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
îюóāqssr	îюóāqssríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
zìсiìêâbбār	zìсiìêâbбār	V;NFIN;catalan
pméqàáe	pméqàáà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
āеæìüéwywțr	āеæìüéwywțr	V;NFIN;catalan
țtzшūuîenir	țtzшūuîingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
CfïsuãбéoMr	CfïsuãбéoMres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
юxóeqeblvdar	юxóeqeblvdi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ôCwшñâr	ôCwшñâr	V;NFIN;catalan
ãóьñōcar	ãóьñōqui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ōbüwâüṣúâdar	ōbüwâüṣúâda	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ïkqfiúgar	ïkqfiúgen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ьjêèâjar	ьjêèâgin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
āfpCõбôūyar	āfpCõбôūyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
áánшбar	áánшбem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
æ·âúór	æ·âúória	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
kâсиx'''īortir	kâсиx'''īurt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
mțīă mir	mțīă meixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
deēñmюar	deēñmюàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ãtpuсrarwhr	ãtpuсrarwhràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ṣâôòāæMre	ṣâôòāæMeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
oēyюçywqr	oēyюçywqríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
wSе saar	wSе saa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
oеfíìîșure	oеfíìîșguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
íqб иâțíōar	íqб иâțíōem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
jțdêlььēìair	jțdêlььēìaí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
еīgсòotïēar	еīgсòotïēeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ògïSōídar	ògïSōídin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
șīáVspáwr	șīáVspáwren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ōõсíCjtar	ōõсíCjto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ãеâ-òoьendre	ãеâ-òoьès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
mzșxбcar	mzșxбquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
cSèvãjSăьōir	cSèvãjSăьōeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ōõà êсnr	ōõà êсnen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
oójM'еkMõar	oójM'еkMõin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
gqеñphar	gqеñphàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
sб·tōьïr	sб·tōьïr	V;NFIN;catalan
qêéâdar	qêéâdem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
awôkzòdre	awôkzòguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
ōehçиNar	ōehçиNareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
wïebfèr	wïebfèríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
õêāòиjcNar	õêāòиjcNà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
еiюȳààçar	еiюȳààcen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
mèêgàīendre	mèêgàīès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ēь·ēeșar	ēь·ēeșéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
qwzVиyãæçar	qwzVиyãæçi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
hhãlôçșure	havhãlôçșm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
бdțбõ·ar	бdțбõ·em	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
·g eyь-ar	·g eyь-uessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ūюçjtnSfr	ūюçjtnSfda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
tgèovir	tgèoví	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ēnvóьȳr	ēnvóьȳven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
xiñcVnir	xiñcVnirem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
NîqиóàVr	NîqиóàVreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
èюâìCar	èюâìCi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ēúCptr	ēúCptries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
qCănõqȳūlеr	qCănõqȳūlеven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
êCpăōóczmr	êCpăōóczmnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
N wbéшìāбar	N wbéшìāбeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
'úfztôór	'úfztôóda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ṣ-ăommxūcar	ṣ-ăommxūqueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ēiâdiir	ēiâdiíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
udīlcrdcar	udīlcrdquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
fïïæSáюóеr	fïïæSáюóеr	V;NFIN;catalan
rvúțrибair	rvúțrибaïssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
gшăñ'r	gшăñ'ven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
C ñVsNydar	C ñVsNydi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
NōбlíōixSr	NōбlíōixSr	V;NFIN;catalan
õüêïōeæюear	õüêïōeæюeés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
bòōиqõtjr	bòōиqõtjnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
·côīьMr	·côīьMven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
'fl ēar	'fl ēés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
vmVauMâṣar	vmVauMâṣuis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
dívoȳSgсr	dívoȳSgсssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
бwсāșár	бwсāșáres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
vwzàìæèāìr	vwzàìæèāìríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ócjowãюyr	ócjowãюyré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
jbqòMиmūr	jbqòMиmūries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
-cdVhCar	-cdVhCàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
иckьntar	иckьntés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
-õálшțar	-õálшțàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ōñ'Stôõiúar	ōñ'Stôõiúeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
rȳиé êad·óar	rȳиé êad·óem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
v-ăìxàēvūar	v-ăìxàēvūés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
kñáțieōшèncer	kñáțieōшencérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
úmxбlăr	úmxбlăríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ïædțMõиar	ïædțMõиés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
vsюzãбMir	vsюzãбMíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
иōVbșvdçr	иōVbșvdçré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ôюfșìir	ôюfșìeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
șīïãиNSure	șīïãиNSgui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
-j șāv 'ôr	-j șāv 'ôda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
îôayóir	îôayóís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ūzæюáōà-ar	ūzæюáōà-à	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
írn·ñюr	írn·ñюran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
gеéèăbóșțr	gеéèăbóșțnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
uçæfìêkíõdre	uçæfìêkíõies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
báюhMeoìjar	báюhMeoìgis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
chêdbêkgar	chêdbêkga	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
àoēāò qar	àoēāò qo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
gêüàèóюar	gêüàèóюà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
VéN-ēētr	VéN-ēētré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
u-еaâér	u-еaâér	V;NFIN;catalan
yoSõсīr	yoSõсīnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
țșwéîsr	țșwéîsnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
xVюaóqr	xVюaóqdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
âīgōțāvюçr	âīgōțāvюça	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ēâlиkçqSîS-se	ēâlиkçqSîSeu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ōnеõêCсuar	ōnеõêCсuà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
șüțwv'Coar	șüțwv'Coeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
сcâqhūqrr	сcâqhūqrria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ьpiôxșr	ьpiôxșré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
zyytōuáíxr	zyytōuáíxrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
byaáțwxюbõr	byaáțwxюbõrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
еvàēxījæar	еvàēxījæàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
еjïgêиéюăir	еjïgêиéюăíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
æ'bã éear	æ'bã éeis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
pīïюüṣqr	pīïюüṣqdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
òисfaòqütr	òисfaòqütrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
āșóāvîoēNñr	āșóāvîoēNñré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
Sõyṣeïeç-r	Sõyṣeïeç-ria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
cюæzьíar	cюæzьíem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ôшáē·ñf cōr	ôшáē·ñf cōries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
--ṣеçr	--ṣеçr	V;NFIN;catalan
áSиьnséar-se	áSиьnséis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
l yæîMьar	l yæîMьàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
qôzàôеtar	qôzàôеtàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
īюшèшir-se	īюшèшíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
nyeȳíèhenir	nyeȳíèhindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ìsj·Nr	ìsj·Nran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
așæōfndïàl-se	așæōfndïàlàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
sSwìãсpar	sSwìãсpa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
óūvcgar	óūvcgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
yèōсipьçxrar	yèōсipьçxrem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
VméõбôsVïar	VméõбôsVïui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
'Sâzé-se	'Sâzéen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
tNwzkar	tNwzkés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
éhăvăfânбãar	éhăvăfânбãen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
jvoсjr	jvoсjran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
еăSь-har	еăSь-hes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
еyădár	еyădáràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
шtózãyōahar	шtózãyōahis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
lkàõæâar	lkàõæâin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
æyīewrēNsrr	æyīewrēNsrreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
cсdüakdêíre	cсdüakdêíi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
āȳăfhuбkqțar	āȳăfhuбkqțessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
âôrçcr	âôrçcr	V;NFIN;catalan
ãvașfâar	ãvașfâuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
éôîṣîar	éôîṣîin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
lсrēúownNēar	lсrēúownNēessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
crōçṣă·xr	crōçṣă·xts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
еéțõ óir	еéțõ óí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
Cìòævòeone	Cìòævòeoníem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
õșțìngôr	õșțìngôria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
dfCūū'SVajar	dfCūū'SVages	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ṣbiеибiиеear	ṣbiеибiиеeem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
âevȳиȳ-jar	âevȳиȳ-geu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
pиișúōūr	pиișúōūrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
и·сóúsāNюșr	и·сóúsāNюșrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ñóиmçâxkrlr	ñóиmçâxkrlran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
iìāwNSõr	iìāwNSõres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
 ṣáhòar	 ṣáhòessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
úõuán-șâōwr	úõuán-șâōwries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
úèsxqēbar	úèsxqēbem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ôvāñVwlar	ôvāñVwléssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
úȳCnōzōaóшr	úȳCnōzōaóшríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
Mțelüòáòfīèixer	Mțelüòáòfīeixeran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
r·wvōàиюetr	r·wvōàиюetries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
бìpèãr	бìpèãr	V;NFIN;catalan
y·īæècqсr	y·īæècqсrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
țeēànțбar	țeēànțбen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ūsюеóшèzr	ūsюеóшèzrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
sqaāīăuțêpr	sqaāīăuțêprien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ñêză·zNàêr	ñêză·zNàêrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
Mqíázīțēīācar	Mqíázīțēīāquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
îṣmïūSér	îṣmïūSédes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ьqșNïnбjir	ьqșNïnбjís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
djâbvqVóúr	djâbvqVóúria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
Vrьcñ eбōîr	Vrьcñ eбōîven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
wtmțțar	wtmțțem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
kyêN'hеs'r	kyêN'hеs'rem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
păvșò ăiôr	păvșò ăiôreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
èqæеdеNNclr	èqæеdеNNclries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
çшиcMóăȳr	çшиcMóăȳr	V;NFIN;catalan
õNomïúgāõir	õNomïúgāõit	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
êèãsxõíkSñar	êèãsxõíkSñin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
èбãqàшēr	èбãqàшēnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
òcãnzшór	òcãnzшóva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
uyààrüu-se	uyààrüuan	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
èavñwkzar	èavñwkzem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
īæMrиâcqñar	īæMrиâcqñes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ìwê·ôéāàr	ìwê·ôéāària	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
юobçdSræcr	юobçdSræcves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ăCbõț'ōиēir	ăCbõț'ōиēeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
bóuбȳcir	bóuбȳcïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
òáȳgīătr	òáȳgīătt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
cațzqdárdre	cațzqdárguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
āèôyсr	āèôyсm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
aăvwznSòar	aăvwznSòàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
òég qoēslèixer	òég qoēslegueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
òèj·qNtr	òèj·qNtts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
æuæçfpéêr	æuæçfpéêria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ьõ íàgãîr	ьõ íàgãîm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ьõpapnīшílar	ьõpapnīшíla	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
wálu tsfar	wálu tsfin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
yCõjsr	yCõjsssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
bīñcVShшér	bīñcVShшéva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
y'сăōfōīupar	y'сăōfōīupem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
òббr'fSar	òббr'fSen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
āènpьàbōedir	āènpьàbōedïu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
юéCuír	юéCuíres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ișèaylṣqr	ișèaylṣqres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
țxïémrr	țxïémrnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ñúțțzxr	ñúțțzxdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
NîCõvțesr	NîCõvțesrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
Sōțozor	Sōțozoen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
kìvбjar	kìvбjàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
șīxșeсar	șīxșeсi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
tăсțìbggMure	tăсțìbggMguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
rzzюõāyсòăr	rzzюõāyсòăreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ìõowMr	ìõowMreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
īfhшáqrnyr	īfhшáqrnyr	V;NFIN;catalan
ătyṣntxãar	ătyṣntxães	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
Sбgzãòsar	Sбgzãòsessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
'еēț·r	'еēț·ries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
èõōīṣõñír	èõōīṣõñíren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
yvgNюēCzçбar	yvgNюēCzçбí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
næșgô-êêúar	næșgô-êêúo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ñNшáūr	ñNшáūran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
иṣoNMSzēzïir	иṣoNMSzēzïïu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
еṣNеuīruóïe	еṣNеuīruóïà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
tMrsâS'ãṣьar	tMrsâS'ãṣьàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
âюlejõkecar	âюlejõkequem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ô çkшēâṣkbar	ô çkшēâṣkba	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
âюțzсír	âюțzсíva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
rttшlmr	rttшlmria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
íúwìēqar	íúwìēqi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
üúwьhdбюâr	üúwьhdбюâré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
üqqâôеvr	üqqâôеvren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
țânemhr	țânemhts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
fōíăõîçyMére	fōíăõîçyMéi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
 Væīи'ūar	 Væīи'ūéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ìxōāṣ'cr	ìxōāṣ'ca	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
hzîlçqсàar	hzîlçqсài	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Meè'úāáar	Meè'úāái	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
iéṣd·păar	iéṣd·păéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
ṣúțōюüoăar	ṣúțōюüoăin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ēȳ ôMr	ēȳ ôMu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
áșSièă·âjúe	áșSièă·âjúàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
íшîãyс·kcar	íшîãyс·kà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
x-vбõr	x-vбõrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
șūéázúã-r	șūéázúã-va	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
óvãtȳiylr	óvãtȳiylves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ìq-îюōxcar	ìq-îюōxqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ēknkúеьígre	ēknkúеьígia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
èkăȳá-țr	èkăȳá-țda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
сãõîáir	сãõîáeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
jțòrи·r	jțòrи·da	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
līàãfêmȳyrar	līàãfêmȳyrem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
hâãâōиázpgir	hâãâōиázpgïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
àâçăvmhūçьar	àâçăvmhūçьo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
шSâèpṣçьuìr	шSâèpṣçьuìré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ybțwòïr	ybțwòïríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
úăsēșçòшjîar	úăsēșçòшjîàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
īīMсzиȳçбrar	īīMсzиȳçбra	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
pfēlāõlar	pfēlāõleu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ṣóñștíymgr-se	ṣóñștíymgt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
cēpȳCpãèшCr	cēpȳCpãèшCria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ñãvwüìtVr	ñãvwüìtVria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ínьñzòtîqюar	ínьñzòtîqюí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
áțSиzōar	áțSиzōis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
õpêììusàr	õpêììusàrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
xñzшïâāçar	xñzшïâācí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
'еăé' aõdre	'еăé' aõguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
àcìabr	àcìabran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
y·æsr'íir	y·æsr'íí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
с иCшbбr	с иCшbбu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
üñhïàêenir	üñhïàêingudes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
 jacfVȳgyr	 jacfVȳgyreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
o'yõítfșCr	o'yõítfșCríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ēòбfjdr	ēòбfjddes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
úègāьwūeș'ar	úègāьwūeș'à	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ãīyNbóüilar	ãīyNbóüilí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
șōg- юMr	șōg- юMr	V;NFIN;catalan
òãôqubìdre	òãôqubìguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ìmșvæar	ìmșvæes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
 eiCN'cшóar	 eiCN'cшói	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
·tkесбìсūr	·tkесбìсūria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
nd'zrúșô'ar	nd'zrúșô'em	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
néiṣásṣüw·tr	naiṣásṣüw·tria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
иxṣȳ-ēõṣSār	иxṣȳ-ēõṣSāves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
āxcôsáбȳcr	āxcôsáбȳcré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ьmr-ãNar	ьmr-ãNessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
èòșбūvblwr	èòșбūvblwrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
īșbnóar	īșbnóem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
euírjьgar	euírjьgares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
būàsjqpr	būàsjqpva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ïȳNü țõsr	ïȳNü țõsm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
āmaṣàr	āmaṣàràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
sȳúcăliāиfar	sȳúcăliāиféssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
úhagïòсar	úhagïòсeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
æv'gúōáăar	æv'gúōáăà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
añîgéюvêultre	añîgéюvêult	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
wílīăyșēèüar	wílīăyșēèües	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
nīwCjnkьõñar	nīwCjnkьõñàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
üCîīNgmìar	üCîīNgmìes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
īиюîãr	īиюîãts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
Nēàyиü·и'ṣar	Nēàyиü·и'ṣin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
eoybòõqiêir	eoybòõqiêeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
 и eáfauasar	 и eáfauasa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
aNSșíNшæmir	aNSșíNшæmïssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
gãwñȳõíòïēr	gãwñȳõíòïēda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
éțãóVr	éțãóVva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
dVkìиìāèixer	dVkìиìāeixeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
īȳzāvkar	īȳzāvka	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ñkhõtar	ñkhõtàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Viyw·xȳr	Viyw·xȳràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
NcozCqMr	NcozCqMrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
âиúānшêìaure	âиúānшêìau	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ã-máyir	ã-máyiríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
uá-īьȳòсáьar	uá-īьȳòсáьeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
bcbáòeçéyr	bcbáòeçéyres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ōūēæ tar	ōūēæ to	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
vCôūfrv·í'ar	vCôūfrv·í'a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
îrheáюoür	îrheáюoüu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
àūCсékțar	àūCсékțeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
íi'ñycar	íi'ñycà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
īzcàș ar	īzcàș em	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
haóhoèixer	haóhoeguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
stòóæqțéăure	stòóæqțéăguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ümxôübòur	ümxôübòuven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
baâñVìhrьr	baâñVìhrьria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
 ãòă-òmar	 ãòă-òma	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
hōê-lkoūre	hōê-lkoūí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ózaVīiar	ózaVīiem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
fdîиCr	fdîиCves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
qà-wüshîar	qà-wüshîem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
tиíñțãir	tиíñțãí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
móȳvōеcbó'ar	móȳvōеcbó'àveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
șóēCêṣsj r	șóēCêṣsj ran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
lсõăfr	lсõăfren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
meúsȳCVr	meúsȳCVssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
üjõòhìtïe	üjõòhìtïíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
réyâìer	réyâìaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
müюșáov-r	müюșáov-ves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
dṣ-Cюīюar	dṣ-Cюīюin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ōúsìб-ar	ōúsìб-is	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
bìīaбçxvtòenir	bìīaбçxvtòindríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
kvNț·ïpMõáar	kvNț·ïpMõáés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
юcVgèabб-se	юcVgèabбes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
bæȳūuîṣdre	bæȳūuîṣguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
zиoirōnāìïr	zиoirōnāìïven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ìăxșç-ír	ìăxșç-ír	V;NFIN;catalan
sjrhṣme	sjrhṣmien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
æьizūzòr	æьizūzòré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
dшímpaîr	dшímpaîm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
eūāüōncr	eūāüōncrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
àīīóṣmíюсwar	àīīóṣmíюсweu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
сtVèhfehar	сtVèhfeho	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ôrdôcôfyșoar	ôrdôcôfyșoa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
-ôшîaCòar	-ôшîaCòessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
lnjōâ·hă'r	lnjōâ·hă'ries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
NâVàòōēr	NâVàòōēria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
úūăīpr	úūăīpdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ōьôшvșūr	ōьôшvșūva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
âȳCеàõиãSr	âȳCеàõиãSts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
obūȳwür-se	obūȳwüssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
qatêhir	qatêhíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
txã·ьgar	txã·ьgeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
âăévțmCcțücar	âăévțmCcțüquí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
âü·fsuweюNr	âü·fsuweюNts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
éēôòãenir	éēôòãindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
pfnбSăiqêar	pfnбSăiqêeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ьihómār	ьihómārien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
Cpr āюōure	Cpr āюōies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
иíçõqóar-se	иíçõqóes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ãì-óaбzdóar	ãì-óaбzdóeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
sveèîбüèzcar	sveèîбüèzqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
oyōéõwr	oyōéõwr	V;NFIN;catalan
·īиõjūr	·īиõjūràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ēōtMî'uūir	ēōtMî'uūeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
gṣayéṣñr	gṣayéṣñrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ñōșȳæri·ar	ñōșȳæri·em	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
āōæéеüеúe	āōæéеüеúia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
rījшìñēṣïdar	rījшìñēṣïda	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ìzxиNr	ìzxиNràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
qūìkæfею·ar	qūìkæfею·em	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
wrōāȳStnr	wrōāȳStnres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
kòìcúôar	kòìcúôàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Ssæшõțoīr	Ssæшõțoīríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
êиsсVir	êиsсVeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
sиzōîсбr	sиzōîсбrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
Vigebr·car	Vigebr·quen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
merèSdaVțīбădr	mereSdaVțīбădré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
olȳr'r	olȳr'ssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
шьōūêr	шьōūêries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
iàȳpüier	iàȳpüiet	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
j'leVSdсure	j'leVSdсvent	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
·peVеNy r	·peVеNy rem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
țxchfr	țxchfda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
fpшîySndre	fpшîySn	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
бêеștи'ar	бêеștи'o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
câfьar	câfьaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
kuиūюṣìæar	kuиūюṣìæàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ôāfpṣpêàar	ôāfpṣpêàí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ṣīwūьí·иeìar	ṣīwūьí·иeìeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
üssīfōar	üssīfōem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
--uãāìwбr	--uãāìwбran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
M'ãăqNr	M'ãăqNreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
SNNeиèȳr	SNNeиèȳries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
иkăógvr	иkăógvren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
etVьCir	etVьCeixen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
esçNúṣvóar	esçNúṣvói	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ñāsțim r	ñāsțim ries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
pwüáьïar	pwüáьïàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
MștēCfar	MștēCfeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
-ūбōîSшr	-ūбōîSшts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
SăēsüVüí·āar	SăēsüVüí·āi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
bvlõãâïir	bvlõãâïeixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
tăbpVõr	tăbpVõran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
fsūr·Mūôenir	fsūr·Mūôindria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
irgaSôar	irgaSôueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
jpю'éar	jpю'éin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ldrâșиōmær	ldrâșиōmæreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
бìè'òNmer	бìè'òNmerem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
SóóȳNāȳar	SóóȳNāȳuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
·çuūkzcar	·çuūkzquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
nbæьúwârōdre	nbæьúwârōíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
çūéoâa·îr	çūéoâa·îr	V;NFIN;catalan
áшrюcwãr	áшrюcwãrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
viììòçr	viììòçreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
sēăóbáar	sēăóbáessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ndhșvoijïir	ndhșvoijïeixin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
·rāâūçar	·rāâūcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
gwt-ēènyer	gwt-ēenyéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ïāìfìṣhюcar	ïāìfìṣhюqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ēdīxâr	ēdīxâva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
oNvohsgáor	oNvohsgáoré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ȳūrêю·'ñwr	ȳūrêю·'ñwr	V;NFIN;catalan
óюāêșuàCăNar	óюāêșuàCăNàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
сúNqîlбçtr	сúNqîlбçtria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
SáSâNpoеar	SáSâNpoеeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
í·àñȳsCbüиr	í·àñȳsCbüиdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ldé'nюrúr	ldé'nюrúts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
шçfīăñșr	шçfīăñșts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
е zeoāar	е zeoāeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
шúòíēor	шúòíēova	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ȳVpüqar	ȳVpüqo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ñш èbēсar	ñш èbēсeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
Căwãṣçvēaòar	Căwãṣçvēaòis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
eõóōüñăVēr	eõóōüñăVērien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ȳc- еq·âar	ȳc- еq·âàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
-ìȳōēzvnkеar-se	-ìȳōēzvnkеo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
õе iūюȳсūdre	õе iūюȳсūen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
osèшõar	osèшõessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
jțiéæCuțre	jțiéæCuțí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
еVālN'иr	еVālN'иda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
wasCgиir	wasCgиeixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
zokṣțâr	zokṣțâríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
mpNzбōàăuar	mpNzбōàăüessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ifáîȳyìNar	ifáîȳyìNessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ç àó·wçe	ç àó·wçe	V;NFIN;catalan
úqiūVôбar	úqiūVôбàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
úzooõīar	úzooõīi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
dæàà'·éve	dæàà'·évia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ïáеādiér	ïáеādiéts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
éüñìvàr	éüñìvàríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
сāòïșьr	сāòïșьva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
SçшôwiVmylr	SçшôwiVmylríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
uyrySCkkr	uyrySCkkria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ōdâæCéțar	ōdâæCéțem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ăsãшsõēkdre	ăsãшsõēkeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
-āoa-īìōwr	-āoa-īìōwrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
 jиlccar	 jиlcqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
шīãtìшr	шīãtìшran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
бüōюōVSr	бüōюōVSr	V;NFIN;catalan
юèñãMōțvváar	юèñãMōțvváessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
vôuòșar	vôuòșem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
sṣnoáăMar	sṣnoáăMés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
èaVpúürr	èaVpúürrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
иMíēVîtìar	иMíēVîtìéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
lиaxSбàdюar	lиaxSбàdюa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ceajMnâar	ceajMnâi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
сàlбàyyar	сàlбàyyessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
hiюor·mēar	hiюor·mēàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Nxzwиeñn Cr	Nxzwиeñn Cssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
сēбõèdre	сēбõèguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
hțôdéñr	hțôdéñrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
çmçzsõjpшar	çmçzsõjpшàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
NCшñwсțàrljar	NCшñwсțàrlgéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
qãèifmkíñmar	qãèifmkíñmés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
юãkñбēwбar	юãkñбēwбessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
yēñōuãшt'r	yēñōuãшt'va	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
egàéær	egàéæves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
óòààxtбș jar	óòààxtбș gessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
Mcîòеюar	Mcîòеюes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
v-êwécmóõre	v-êwécmóõut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
cVrjîbkar	cVrjîbkà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
·cèmíxfgòéar	·cèmíxfgòéí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
iиxojr	iиxojt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ōеVnkgxvīõtre	ōеVnkgxvīõt	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
Nс·ôю yr	Nс·ôю yes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ȳMSçêâóшr	ȳMSçêâóшva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
yá-nиzāfêmr	yá-nиzāfêmran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
íșțóhō-r	íșțóhō-res	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ōîíæknr	ōîíæknr	V;NFIN;catalan
ióșutCmòSar	ióșutCmòSin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
újrșиьṣïómar	újrșиьṣïómis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
îwjnшêшōr	îwjnшêшōts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ioбSòar	ioбSòàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
țaūбgar	țaūбgi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
upüeiiõwr	upüeiiõwr	V;NFIN;catalan
jbbvVиr	jbbvVиva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
jfíȳkñшàăюr	jfíȳkñшàăюren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ăà'Vfêcyhqar	ăà'Vfêcyhqeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
dSêSõñr	dSêSõñran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ézwhVr	ézwhVria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ôsòwxēōșhr	ôsòwxēōșhven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
бōmõnre	бōmõnin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ōfyóâVar	ōfyóâVin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
üсókfr	üсókfren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ç'еúôyāar	ç'еúôyāeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ȳ·óюS-úбūar	ȳ·óюS-úбūés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
qéṣâoar	qéṣâoí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ēáеēwar	ēáеēwuin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
íünSïōçr	íünSïōçran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ïæuukúígr	ïæuukúígt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
Nèvêir	Nèvêirem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
yiшüāòūêèixer	yiшüāòūêeguis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ākìāиængVzar	ākìāиængVzeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
òáâtdãnсr-se	òáâtdãnсda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
üîȳhpicar	üîȳhpiquessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ñan·pșNMar-se	ñan·pșNMí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
-xiõàMar	-xiõàMàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
jbēaòșübūr	jbēaòșübūts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
'lșãшr	'lșãшré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
Cìãȳunиar	Cìãȳunиi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
bāljêpr	bāljêpríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
иìâáeȳū-ar	иìâáeȳū-eu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
yeéòwбб-țñenir	yeéòwбб-țñingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ī·u-ïVar	ī·u-ïVà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
áyNçuббúir	áyNçuббúeix	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
xx·сôtòиșr	xx·сôtòиșren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ôæбmrCgüar	ôæбmrCgüa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ăSôzбьodær	ăSôzбьodær	V;NFIN;catalan
ülNñсs-ar	ülNñсs-i	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
áúMgeg'r	áúMgeg'des	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
pīvNиaîàr	pīvNиaîàren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
-wțtṣñir	-wțtṣñís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
Cеãqīìēсïr	Cеãqīìēсïva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
áēzæшcMhar	áēzæшcMhin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
òuюóglar	òuюóglem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ăjсâ·var	ăjсâ·va	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
gókxúfVr	gókxúfVnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ìñmNrxōьpr	ìñmNrxōьpva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ṣ Cxjæābüpir	ṣ Cxjæābüpeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
úyrèãr	úyrèãria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
еãēvtōòr	еãēvtōòren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
yvvjiăïar	yvvjiăïessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ȳ ишșr	ȳ ишșt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ôȳvеVãòcçwdre	ôȳvеVãòcçwgué	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
xшfüCNaшsar	xшfüCNaшséssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
dosțCr	dosțCven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
āqôâăMàsoar	āqôâăMàsoàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ūîșuófūar	ūîșuófūeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
Stcêțīсe	Stcêțīсà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
Văqwbāṣkr	Văqwbāṣkríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
úiюâēșьéиr	úiюâēșьéиres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
·dprōwr	·dprōws	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ṣâ-raūîūr	ṣâ-raūîūré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ēmdVqfȳar	ēmdVqfȳeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
țuSzkшar	țuSzkшes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
áubṣchìwr	áubṣchìwreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
regxóymgr	circxóymgren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
èòñçaïpr	èòñçaïpda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
büăièyūtoar	büăièyūtoa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
jãшuçьõNȳxr	jãшuçьõNȳxríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
Myîkбțæìuar	Myîkбțæìuàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ñbсюôd'zr	ñbсюôd'zrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
шúèьdmer	шúèьdmdreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ãюycbâar	ãюycbâa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
șõшptnìSwr	șõшptnìSwrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
mzwaiюr	mzwaiюu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
szãiwâю Vïar	szãiwâю Vïàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ñюMNezãar	ñюMNezãis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ṣōūьñțar	ṣōūьñți	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
aVиjk-āțar	aVиjk-āțeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
țdõw- çñCar	țdõw- çñCeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
шē·úwșNjVir	шē·úwșNjVíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
uaūSțàar	uaūSțààreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
zfòṣtn-șиr	zfòṣtn-șиen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
·ñnîñiyūür	·ñnîñiyūüen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
iqâxnьwиre	iqâxnьwиuda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
kāèvṣVMūñar	kāèvṣVMūñà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
āíбaиr	āíбaиria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
āçáNgshюсюar	āçáNgshюсюem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
mgqySwver	mgqySwuries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
pMñìjōīoar	pMñìjōīoàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
țì-ṣииar	țì-ṣииà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
êlūúò-ṣSбcar	êlūúò-ṣSбqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
kq·çшríwjar	kq·çшríwgés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
еócàūkr	еócàūkven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
Cma-îâár	Cma-îâáves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
șòсìher	șòсìheràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
óíu·jæôdver	óíu·jæôdveres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
eшīюálōNșNar	eшīюálōNșNin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ōoșìüC-ar	ōoșìüC-a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ühæãñeбgr	ühæãñeбgves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
pdēnrütr	pdēnrütré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
iи'kиmшâMar	iи'kиmшâMem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
êij'īcar	êij'īqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ȳāóюbīr	ȳāóюbīrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
è·oêèōSoèjar	è·oêèōSoègis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ăoīq'úlãir	ăoīq'úlãiran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
j·zьknVâjar	j·zьknVâgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
tюNôdir	tюNôdís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ìvиmjar	ìvиmjin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ilpïcșr	ilpïcșnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ók еpNar	ók еpNuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
īș'àăiôṣr	īș'àăiôṣda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ï·NsăьêjíCr	ï·NsăьêjíCt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
Nêsôgar	Nêsôga	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
azvjçū·C-Vr	azvjçū·C-Vria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
æâwCīièиtâar	æâwCīièиtâo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
yïiuс·ar	yïiuс·is	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
wzweеdar	wzweеdessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
dīfCcr	dīfCcres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ubvqbēmôir	ubvqbēmôeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ь-kиür	ь-kиüts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ôcиúсr	ôcиúсria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ь·ūwoinìr	ь·ūwoinìria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ìCsеmkr	ìCsеmkran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
Cèæebar	Cèæebues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
юk·ññMbr	юk·ññMbres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
oбuhṣSr	oбuhṣSrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ayātòíCõkar	ayātòíCõkàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
āñmxêâòfCr	āñmxêâòfCríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
bìóīNdure	bìóīNdguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ōzïotīúæbar	ōzïotīúæbem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
w·èbâțêãmjar	w·èbâțêãmjï	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
àбñkéar	àбñkéí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
NáNūür	NáNūüria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
wțюōñșfdzar	wțюōñșfdzem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
eēïlkеfder	eēïlkеfts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
nàCMwüekиvar	nàCMwüekиvis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
sàïáсzбar	sàïáсzбessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
qāīyrMr	qāīyrMries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ævóшиè·S r	ævóшиè·S u	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
fcюh'òrr	fcюh'òrríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
o-ü'ér	o-ü'éran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
r'īüàūțàr	r'īüàūțàràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
êсс-Vwõбс'r	êсс-Vwõбс'res	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
Māṣ-ȳjăpSvr	Māṣ-ȳjăpSvria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
wjzșíисr	wjzșíисnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ьdtòăòar	ьdtòăòàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Vxly'r	Vxly'ven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ēæиNúvar	ēæиNúvàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Cædèēenir	Cædèēinguts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ñrffèüatèær	ñrffèüatèædes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
bwū-țешèar	bwū-țешèessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
àfm ȳlkar	àfm ȳlkéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
șfṣCēiôbю ir	șfṣCēiôbю ïm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
 ṣvôõôòdure	 ṣvôõôòdu	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ò'çcîîr	ò'çcîîré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
pSbāсȳbió·r	pSbāсȳbió·va	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
rîuâюaæīar	rîuâюaæīa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
gjèevшешôNar	gjèevшешôNi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ddVōdar	ddVōda	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
āâVMшúzūōzr	āâVMшúzūōzré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
tãuæṣfdèfãir	tãuæṣfdèfãíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
s·rêbюr	s·rêbюríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
áüьóñïCōr	áüьóñïCōven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
núppūxïâr	núppūxïâda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
kík'Cfaæíīar	kík'Cfaæíīi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
Vюàsgkaçiôar	Vюàsgkaçiôa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
üzâúxàïñèaar	üzâúxàïñèaa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
âvãnílcеr	âvãnílcеnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ôcó·mfṣñxr	ôcó·mfṣñxves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
rSîzMюVêCr	rSîzMюVêCrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
qpçàșpxar	qpçàșpxa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
oăòш·eшr	oăòш·eшves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ddшoiñú ar	ddшoiñú ueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
rîōiòcar	rîōiòquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ȳpñеēéhr	ȳpñеēéhràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
lиjìVīr	lиjìVīva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
èāriNï-ure	èāriNï-guin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
aîîçNēïar-se	aîîçNēïessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
l õșóêòeеr	l õșóêòeеré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
cVíjwfr	cVíjwfda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ūCсkNVgr	ūCсkNVgva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
bṣиõсūțgar	bṣиõсūțgen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
oēæóNиkhбoir	oēæóNиkhбoíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
î·s áar	î·s áàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
á·qбC iéșsar	á·qбC iéșsin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ȳūfêшăòCtqar	ȳūfêшăòCtqa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ьmсrṣoòjVure	ьmсrṣoòjVguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
'Māòr-иьúãar	'Māòr-иьúão	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
шvàïõyer	шvàïõyets	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ybíțï·lofar	ybíțï·lofa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
npéбõíиьVfr	npéбõíиьVfva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ș-'ētеlcõzr	ș-'ētеlcõzrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ômvawȳêюNеr	ômvawȳêюNеran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ăbvñvr	ăbvñvr	V;NFIN;catalan
ztNîсcbbMr	ztNîсcbbMríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
àсòèîìиir	àсòèîìиí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
rgòéēбqțțar	rgòéēбqțțo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
бtòmṣlCar	бtòmṣlCem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
SīCzóâūеNïure	SīCzóâūеNïsquérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ājш'útzr	ājш'útzries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
lȳ țбr	lȳ țбnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ṣfzNNnr	ṣfzNNnz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
б'șīç'er	б'șīç'ât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
zfçòæеțqéêer	zfçòæеțqéêasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
üüíòбrьindre	üüíòбrьmons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
âznoñxēfer	âznoñxēfe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
țeñcCkSoêor	țeñcCkSoêorai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
Ndúôçzoer	Ndúôçzoe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ôwèñêæamàer	ôwèñêæamàant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
õéâæèòăóer	õéâæèòăóâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
hóí'ȳéer	hóí'ȳée	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
țșьà-nr	țșьà-nr	V;NFIN;french
èïț'vüșr	èïț'vüșs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
'àxбõsær	'àxбõsæras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
SNéüî'bébr	SNéüî'bébra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
Cúèюōьсçgr	Cúèюōьсçgras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
nVеcюr	nVеcюront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ñMṣah'îVêer	en ñMṣah'îVêant	V.CVB;PRS;french
rеmьmèfțer	rеmьmèfțait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
oâêïnler	oâêïnlassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
nènzàṣñьer	nènzàṣñьât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
бíбgæaбyèMr	бíбgæaбyèMrois	V;COND;2;SG;french
сțrSōēáfîr	сțrSōēáfîs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
Sæboī er	Sæboī ions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ī nâ·бîjer	ī nâ·бîje	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
oш ūqюāer	oш ūqюāé	V.PTCP;PST;french
i'ïț-õyôndre	en i'ïț-õyôgnant	V.CVB;PRS;french
æïNеāper	æïNеāpassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
mNюboer	mNюboaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
aüáсȳьkr	aüáсȳьkra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ьбçdñàēúшSr	ьбçdñàēúшSrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
țSюáñeãusqr	țSюáñeãusqriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
бitgMèȳgîper	бitgMèȳgîpâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
·ãdăhr	·ãdăhraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
kmpqjCáhr	kmpqjCáhrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
áāvеsylr	áāvеsylrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
īuеdk юâwer	īuеdk юâwasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ôõvêqãbîcñier	ôõvêqãbîcñeriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
Vzюvîpaшür	Vzюvîpaшünt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
adfVìējvrer	adfVìējvriez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Sjьnfìftxler	Sjьnfìftxus	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
еw'șеиxюer	еw'șеиxюais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ptjxïēîíēór	ptjxïēîíēórons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ükêdæNíшaire	ükêdæNíшîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
toàtsxbr	toàtsxbra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ṣyé sqer	ṣyé sqassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
òā·Vbиjюher	òā·Vbиjюha	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ôá·êâïæcer	ôá·êâïæciez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
yшjlkôer	yшjlkôâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
nk·fyūer	nk·fyūât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
gê'úífçer	gê'úífçe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
șCṣāh êzyr	șCṣāh êzyraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ãé rper	ãé rpais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
xètюțîzșer	xètюțîzșa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
 Múgțr	 Múgțz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
oêcâper	oêcâpai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
Sáиyãêfíȳnier	Sáиyãêfíȳnasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ápixïâer	ápixïâèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
hkawш-ṣer	hkawш-ṣe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
Mbz·ăȳiîVbr	Mbz·ăȳiîVbrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
õăiNшôvr	õăiNшôvs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
z-ȳūcțer	z-ȳūcțe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
бNzmyúñCber	бNzmyúñCbe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
â·üюnьuier	â·üюnьuasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ōSȳæpîóyer	ōSȳæpîóye	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
èaūvsșer	èaūvsșassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
tūVmṣer	tūVmṣassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
gñèæāsâVqīer	gñèæāsâVqīâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
vMēȳçgăúer	vMēȳçgăúassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
po·NoêSīqkr	po·NoêSīqkrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
áīшhjăer	áīшhjăe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
иșCâür	иșCâür	V;NFIN;french
itfhcqer	itfhcqa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
èìNiеȳшeæer	èìNiеȳшeæa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
âcçțyçakãer	âcçțyçakãssoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
xç'Ceиhr	xç'Ceиhssions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
næãMñkofr	næãMñkofras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
Nōúăîtfȳndre	Nōúăîtfȳgnissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
бēēCéier	бēēCéeroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
găpюànlî'áier	găpюànlî'áoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
tVmgōæsшьâer	tVmgōæsшьâais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
òȳбefucōfьr	òȳбefucōfьrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
юșāqNoyer	юșāqNerrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
āáбūMser	āáбūMsasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ишããóír	ишããóírai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
eïswper	eïswpas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
gíțṣp étrer	gíțṣp ètre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
nSīçMșóvr	nSīçMșóvriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
bn'èindre	bn'èignoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
yoăeólêrwîer	yoăeólêrwîassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
âæōsCqder	âæōsCqdais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ibvшtēṣpr	ibvшtēṣpras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
sâă'сkāder	tâă'сkādasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
üawuxe	üawuxons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
țzmēāșțàōVr	țzmēāșțàōVs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
gaozler	gaozle	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
fṣиuxcer	fṣиuxcessons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
 dìSāór	 dìSāórez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ьîșïmhéír	ьîșïmhéírois	V;COND;1;SG;french
țkóîū  duer	țkóîū  due	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
óèīhȳбáMēérer	óèīhȳбáMēèreriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ūvbьшe'r	ūvbьшe'nt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
wōmb-cr	wōmb-ct	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ṣēèfștțr	ṣēèfștțz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ēweVsoòr	ēweVsoòraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
wūmámūr	wūmámūnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
óюfбēgсr	óюfбēgсs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ēíæe'mōáșer	ēíæe'mōáșe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
Màónююjer	Màónююjant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ôæ·üçr	ôæ·üçssant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
MïîlzCyNr	MïîlzCyNriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
üíüēoímser	üíüēoímsassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
êóçdш·yer	êóçdш·ye	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
 êàzūmivdxer	 êàzūmivdxais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
иaṣNюīбCr	иaṣNюīбCr	V;NFIN;french
ñxüāççr	ñxüāççr	V;NFIN;french
glō'üaõer	glō'üaõais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
àdVīír	àdVīírons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
yôшебōer	yôшебōais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
õSиzêōseer	õSиzêōseassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
íēēacr	íēēacrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
Cíì' юér	Cíì' юérai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
CnNсwbcvbqr	CnNсwbcvbqnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
oșțâg-üь'er	oșțâg-üь'e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
'zúiôçr	'zúiôçs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
hrăăçȳéler	hrăăçȳèle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
qóșàæçC·pher	qóșàæçC·phassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ôṣSșàșесir	ôṣSșàșесeraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
h NMиer	h NMиe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
óūюēăòō er	óūюēăòō e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
éSuãăīūVàеer	éSuãăīūVàеiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ȳï'Nd Vguer	ȳï'Nd Vgué	V.PTCP;PST;french
y àâwoèȳr	y àâwoèȳrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
hōèfīler	hōèfīliez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
иuræãktor	иuræãktot	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
â·īz'б-er	â·īz'б-e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ó'eīlfeór	ó'eīlfeórez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
бūūSqcxиcōr	бūūSqcxиcōz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
rcúțMōer	rcúțMōèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
jáă'ăker	jáă'ăkiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
owăVâìlõōсer	owăVâìlõōсâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
uàюbtñсш·âer	uàюbtñсш·âastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
oс·ș'er	oс·ș'ions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ūnò-ger	ūnò-gâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
qSì·jjòCüfer	qSì·jjòCüfassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
àé·p·er	àé·p·as	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
юm-шïqhtьïer	юm-шïqhtьïons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
țCitker	țCitké	V.PTCP;PST;french
V'óôçr	V'óôçront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
òyllïìiCíer	òyllïìiCíons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ójìtlūbôer	ójìtlūbôé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ētàиêer	ētàиêasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ȳiçVser	ȳiçVsais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
шomūïre	шomūïe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
hMiсnõôer	hMiсnõôai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ïсīqīnvȳr	ïсīqīnvȳriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
SсīбсuìьūCer	SсīбсuìьūCais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
 qȳwjsser	 qȳwjssa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
nȳSmàṣbìиfer	nȳSmàṣbìиs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
иōSиūuvç·юeter	иōSиūuvç·юète	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
țь țêCer	țь țêCassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
údиèüMeéner	údиèüMeènerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
êúáçõer	êúáçõiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ïêãüucer	ïêãüuçant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
uūēсuièqVūer	uūēсuièqVūèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
tmkțõсāāsиer	tmkțõсāāsиasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
-kșvsțsier	-kșvsțses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
qfhиCpor	qfhиCpont	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ñêrьèVêào'er	ñêrьèVêào'ions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
-oшóиāVõ r	-oшóиāVõ ra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
têïqșer	têïqșions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
áòqțñçoir	áòqțñçoissez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
qюȳéjer	qюȳéjèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
îkōèjãr	îkōèjãrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
țéеNēíñr	țéеNēíñrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
êhào·er	êhào·iez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
hōpșìwzstбer	hōpșìwzstбiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
fиúṣьïшеqеr	fиúṣьïшеqеrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
иeácíюсjșăr	иeácíюсjșăs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
òṣuciìшr	òṣuciìшssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ūôшbõwjōwger	ūôшbõwjōwjames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
qoōNSer	qoōNSe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
òсiãṣōюpôer	òсiãṣōюpôe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ìwhVеâer	ìwhVеâe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
îògqgsájer	îògqgsájé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ñrìkăṣãēer	ñrìkăṣãēassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
kșçüū·tr	kșçüū·tra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
M-NNyбsȳúьer	M-NNyбsȳúьèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
Sō'ьeder	Sō'ьede	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
fNюpqqer	fNюpqqiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
exrōqшṣvăur	exrōqшṣvăuz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
NwшlScSr	NwшlScSs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
gúSwNï-er	gúSwNï-asses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ōkшSьg er	ōkшSьg e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ísțkòēfõer	ísțkòēfõe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
tMiìer	tMiìent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
șсá'æer	șсá'æai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
mеâuædrer	mеâuædrons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
óææéüyr	óææéüyr	V;NFIN;french
șūç-ir	șūç-iz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ūūțiæMбīr	ūūțiæMбīs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
lVбāfcc êer	lVбāfcc êais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
àíīzfzār	àíīzfzāront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
òímmCdeer	òímmCdeé	V.PTCP;PST;french
hôшñâérer	hôшñâèrerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
àír-ãêæìer	àír-ãêæìassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
fèāV·r	fèāV·ra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ēfăvñūеțler	ēfăvñūеțaut	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
óbçсwüôger	óbçсwüôge	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ààrááюьìeìer	ààrááюьìeìât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
sNìNVSūpшâr	sNìNVSūpшârons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
jéfбõ iMer	jéfбõ iMant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
âбâāzer	âбâāze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
vêúеuïdf-țcer	vêúеuïdf-țça	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
hmaōeбüïvfer	hmaōeбüïvfions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
îæfăNSxṣr	îæfăNSxṣz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
gū-cbtașer	gū-cbtașât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
mōșvòer	mōșvòèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
æhæēêīaoer	æhæēêīaoait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
eeìбS·Cer	eeìбS·Cassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ñеíúvwgher	ñеíúvwghe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
òțȳãæyhvüer	òțȳãæyhvüas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
êêSț· òюir	êêSț· òюîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
dçèzìr	dçèzìz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
extrairhū·юăe	hū·юăN	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
qpīVMôier	qpīVMôent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
rūиūr'юūer	rūиūr'юūé	V.PTCP;PST;french
jurșMçèyàlȳr	jürșMçèyàlȳriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
éūfṣõībrer	éūfṣõībrons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ï еVãer	ï еVãions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
 àçñúòr	 àçñúòz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ú''kēȳnmáōer	ú''kēȳnmáōé	V.PTCP;PST;french
 lшūõṣê-wr	 lшūõṣê-wssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
nééaшăèr	nééaшăènt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
mcuиîer	mcuиîons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ôçòāăsüīìker	ôçòāăsüīìkant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ñõêSòhsâer	se ñõêSòhsâe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
èúéCSer	èúéCSe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
țu·a·áьюìer	țu·a·áьюìons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ãțе'éer	ãțе'éait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
Srh áãber	Srh áãbons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ilьṣé'õe	ilьṣé'õaient	V;COND;3;PL;french
èSă' îjñõer	èSă' îjñõassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ōшMìfшeeòer	ōшMìfшeeòé	V.PTCP;PST;french
xīīüner	xīīünât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ívēpMlaâāиer	ívēpMlaâāиant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
íxīdaā'éīèer	íxīdaā'éīèâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
bgcêNēr	bgcêNērions	V;COND;1;PL;french
aбhшCēyer	aбhшCēyassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ñMiqôюr	ñMiqôюrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
vVīбìever	vVīбìèveras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ьçSSūсêVr	ьçSSūсêVnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
mшjæȳgaraôr	mшjæȳgaraôroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
úüCuàNȳnȳr	úüCuàNȳnȳras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
șãṣṣàūшír	șãṣṣàūшíraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ūôægcêer	ūôægcêons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
òéïe nеefkr	òéïe nеefkz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ōCòMeìăVȳr	ōCòMeìăVȳrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
qṣtliь'er	qṣtliь'as	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
àèNȳюp'ñrer	àèNȳюp'ñré	V.PTCP;PST;french
mqбòéwopre	mqбòéwopent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
юïèиlțpt·șer	юïèиlțpt·șiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
oqalôsșser	oqalôsșsât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
īșrüïrêббdr	īșrüïrêббdrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
aráṣtoer	aráṣtoons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
бtaêkbáюèer	бtaêkbáюèons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
lnpuȳékúr	lnpuȳékúront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
owxбdóiòcier	owxбdóiòçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ìuеțlòьiVer	ìuеțlòьiVions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
 pàze aSñbier	 pàze aSñba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ṣéõscãìбêver	ṣéõscãìбêvs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
çz õêюiNrxr	çz õêюiNrxnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
uòȳïõMgier	uòȳïõMjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
æadxūrçéder	æadxūrçède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
óéêômáînōer	óéêômáînōé	V.PTCP;PST;french
àVjṣṣwиюêer	àVjṣṣwиюêe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
éidaíqr	éidaíqssais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
uiSшюwr	uiSшюwras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
 âwьVāшеñ·r	 âwьVāшеñ·z	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ūñáēqèæеer	ūñáēqèæеe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
шūSêêhdьür	шūSêêhdьürions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ïfțgōzCCr	ïfțgōzCCriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
шVtādiìãier	шVtādiìãoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ièàôūor	ièàôūoras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
òxàíéor	òxàíéoroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
bNaê·óñkyer	bNaê·óñkyassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
õõyxîеr	õõyxîеrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
òqucìшòșșer	òqucìшòșșe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
șñSCjñēeqkr	șñSCjñēeqkras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
āсúhyîoõr	āсúhyîoõz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
'óçoier	'óçoions	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
oеúîçōȳr	oеúîçōȳras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
èço-'r	èço-'ront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
șMïseãer	șMïseãe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ezlîkünMîõer	ezlîkünMîõassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ю-Cñïae-r	ю-Cñïae-rai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
Mțá·êóūúer	Mțá·êóūúe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
 ȳgüiôêțNier	 ȳgüiôêțNe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ukă-âg·r	ukă-âg·s	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
tb-căūæōçr	tb-căūæōçrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
lçwà'dsgáṣr	lçwà'dsgáṣz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
lSCxrūyr	lSCxrūys	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
iôеìuóēșer	iôеìuóēșoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
òxç-ler	òxç-lais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
îdltāíóțr	îdltāíóțs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
súSasbēōtr	súSasbēōtr	V;NFIN;french
àsôáúūõer	àsôáúūõiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
w sêvțr	w sêvțsses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
conсôōqVāîèr	сôōqVāîèiens	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
сoVшwōer	сoVшwōe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
еgăîȳàbюágr	еgăîȳàbюágs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ьkàéór	ьkàéórions	V;COND;1;PL;french
éoțyfîïēer	éoțyfîïēasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
çāChçér	çāChçéra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
MâdvūáMwr	MâdvūáMwrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
шáèNáïюer	шáèNáïюèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
hylшçèшr	hylшçèшront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
·ṣüeêr	·ṣüeêz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
tȳōèюōșсàr	tȳōèюōșсàrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ãătū-юdār	ãătū-юdās	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
qfaxeêN'ãer	qfaxeêN'ãa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
rMzútȳ ier	rMzútȳ asses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
çâbíô·ādàr	çâbíô·ādàrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
dnaōbеr	dnaōbеrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
yghàôțшer	yghàôțшâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
'vțlarmer	'vțlarmassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
óbãàõxer	óbãàõxiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
àéȳaaer	àéȳaae	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
юrсíM'-ñVr	юrсíM'-ñVrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
īбȳбïūôó'ar	īбȳбïūôó'az	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
éíczvьer	éíczvьons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
sеgēhuāăr	sеgēhuāăz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
qṣágfker	en qṣágfkant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ænõãdvòer	ænõãdvòaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
jxjSúsr	jxjSúsnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
·ubwòáçr	·ubwòáçrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
rp sàèюìer	rp sàèюìe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
-ôñàSer	-ôñàSiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ã'ìṣíüer	ã'ìṣíüant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ṣббmòpüMhier	ṣббmòpüMhassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
·юàgtшcer	·юàgtшcas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
oсgòSrсâ-ēr	oсgòSrсâ-ērent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
lhñòzzèșgier	lhñòzzèșjoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
șбúfêbvzkūer	șбúfêbvzkūassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ñyyóaíqer	ñyyóaíqions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
z·éwcâôóVr	z·éwcâôóVs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
māwãшu er	māwãшu e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
óM hôr	óM hônt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ūéiiюàáCăюr	ūéiiюàáCăюraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
âaõîósMōóèr	âaõîósMōóèas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
MV-îúMer	MV-îúMe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ógdk MCaqïer	ógdk MCaqïassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
jieâdṣer	jieâdṣaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
Vòqțâaõèсîer	Vòqțâaõèсîiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
át·șáer	át·șáais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ьnæ·jaître	ьnæ·jus	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
óюṣrkener	óюṣrkèneriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
àсèv-sr	àсèv-sz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
aãxṣōūeìkper	aãxṣōūeìkpions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
vīxtxqr	vīxtxqront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
cvеóсzier	cvеóсzant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
wçsMьer	wçsMьassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
șnxríwbgqór	șnxríwbgqóons	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
бțòōî'er	бțòōî'ant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
sóădNer	en sóădNant	V.CVB;PRS;french
țlāN-ôcēьæer	țlāN-ôcēьæassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
aūzVfиer	aūzVfиaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
klçmjSeer	klçmjSeasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
á-ojêēс'r	á-ojêēс's	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
vôCelșier	vôCelșiais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
 ïSuNсîNōâer	en  ïSuNсîNōâant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ñ ccūSr	ñ ccūSroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
ēшȳîqçier	ēшȳîqçasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
āãìūyíиwecr	āãìūyíиwecrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ṣиșdMṣеr	ṣиșdMṣеrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
șòçbñ lier	șòçbñ le	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ешpqhr	ешpqhssaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
MônkCēșñr	MônkCēșñrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
üț·jūțeler	üț·jūțèlerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
pшīṣúMNшr	pшīṣúMNшraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
wzōSeíqhr	wzōSeíqhrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ṣúàüwьzynr	ṣúàüwьzynrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
бūqx-xēr	бūqx-xēr	V;NFIN;french
'сìī'æeqer	'сìī'æeqèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
awzсêuôȳèer	awzсêuôȳèoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
бégyṣсer	бégyṣсé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ēūòìàeger	ēūòìàegassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ñ-vèsшêer	ñ-vèsшêant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
g-ãyæüer	g-ãyæüassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
e-æNé viôæer	e-æNé viôæai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
юxlàt iSmter	юxlàt iSmt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
'sīōhNíшcôr	'sīōhNíшcôz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
éqāMæhlqõиr	éqāMæhlqõиra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
uNīèāàiaūter	uNīèāàiaūtassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ujю íțwòwer	ujю íțwòwant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
qșsеhjȳswār	qșsеhjȳswār	V;NFIN;french
èqe'àVиyNpourvoir	èqe'àVиyNvu	V.PTCP;PST;french
zúæpdāеtbr	zúæpdāеtbr	V;NFIN;french
twwиüânt-âr	twwиüânt-ârez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
еMVеèăaier	еMVеèăaeroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ьăèàêer	ьăèàêassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ìbïNñóuar	ìbïNñóuassent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
tvïcóer	tvïcóe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
òî-õkuraætre	òî-õkuraæsse	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
fьúõ·æier	fьúõ·æasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
'wzȳ·òàúór	'wzȳ·òàúórai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ēáьjowȳber	ēáьjowȳbasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ețlõx'fCvíer	ețlõx'fCvíasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
NîátVvr	NîátVvrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
иVs·īer	иVs·īassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
usS ēūder	usS ēūdiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ṣuăõc·rer	ṣuăõc·rait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ȳàfóéSr	ȳàfóéSrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
cVêNèàMr	cVêNèàMront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ūoh'Cfãyer	ūoh'Cfãyas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
õuюș-êr	õuюș-ês	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ēíãv·hhcer	ēíãv·hhcé	V.PTCP;PST;french
wêslçr	wêslçnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ãàhéMVer	ãàhéMVais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
çьáVçwéser	çьáVçwèsent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
âbqàьșțīer	âbqàьșțītes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
шjьñrvr	шjьñrvz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
Vüàèíțçer	Vüàèíțçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
exìșăqger	exìșăqjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ñuēìsṣr	ñuēìsṣai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
úgkțюdēr	úgkțюdēr	V;NFIN;french
·Nêē er	·Nêē iez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
bьâfșhеefüer	bьâfșhеefüaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
gījеpuj'hóer	gījеpuj'hóons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ărnïzòávr	ărnïzòávrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ăîьjītr	ăîьjītrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
kāváшer	kāváшions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
w ēmôêr	w ēmôêraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
à-iīdãtșkzr	à-iīdãtșkzs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
qеyииòvyfàr	qеyииòvyfàra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ééиòâōMaire	ééиòâōMerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
иòeṣVjjéder	иòeṣVjjède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
àиrиyyvr	àиrиyyvrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
çrêṣșer	çrêṣșe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ȳæñênеtàmȳr	ȳæñênеtàmȳroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
'Nõaher	en 'Nõahant	V.CVB;PRS;french
īīñüver	īīñüvassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
àpūóūrer	en àpūóūrant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ozīNuer	ozīNue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
иxmшăer	иxmшăé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ffīoeer	ffīoeai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
gãnqènNer	gãnqènNiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
b'üisьr	b'üisьrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
üȳNȳxеCocier	üȳNȳxеCocerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
íòūïlpr	íòūïlpz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
nьmzüôir	nьmzüôons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
æNȳkōwter	æNȳkōwtais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
иmòwīre	иmòwīsis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
èy-vzõ·ишer	èy-vzõ·ишent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
шac·ar	шac·ar	V;NFIN;french
õюôàȳăãìder	õюôàȳăãìde	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
u·áúôhãkṣer	u·áúôhãkṣons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
qrăCșre	qrăCșs	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
m·'zwòóìíer	m·'zwòóìíais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ózoеVăNvier	ózoеVăNverai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
șшṣqCer	șшṣqCé	V.PTCP;PST;french
pfsiSfer	pfsiSfa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ṣēeьñțer	ṣēeьñțe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ôcēlçfer	ôcēlçfât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
õāòīzyr	õāòīzyroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
 еovиțàéer	 еovиțàéasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
üNīgfazюсòer	üNīgfazюсòastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
râьgj íer	râьgj íé	V.PTCP;PST;french
õăăSițmèrir	õăăSițmèrais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
kC mnwer	kC mnwissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
еxțrșìre	еxțrșìve	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
adîlñìer	adîlñìèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
сô·еú·er	сô·еú·ons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
hìtqSàr	hìtqSàs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
nñșoæspîer	nñșoæspîe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
noțbs qcer	noțbs qçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
țáæă-ăzwîer	țáæă-ăzwîe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
îipāsVer	s'îipāsVoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
èõб-îèr	èõб-îèras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
dz çṣer	dz çṣât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
cюōșNȳr	cюōșNȳz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
lúõ ô-ēr	lúõ ô-ēra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ȳăьr-īer	ȳăьr-īions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ēсStçàïșôr	ēсStçàïșôrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
шìçêàüder	шìçêàüdions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ība·īwjñ cer	ība·īwjñ ce	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
шñō üьnr	шñō üьns	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
jāõáãr	jāõáãrois	V;COND;2;SG;french
еūlàvc·õir	еūlàvc·õîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
 ōNēopbãñr	 ōNēopbãñriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
úxēñNwсìer	úxēñNwсìai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
иcūtNákr	иcūtNákrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
t-üvN·eиSbr	t-üvN·eиSbras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ap'Sēer	ap'Sēe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
çá·ñáīçbrиer	çá·ñáīçbrиassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ăīMqìCSúd-r	ăīMqìCSúd-rais	V;COND;2;SG;french
jroéoer	jroéoâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
țâãȳòSāsшoer	țâãȳòSāsшoassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
vlбшîeer	vlбшîee	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
íșюāâêààe·r	íșюāâêààe·rais	V;COND;1;SG;french
iéjшrbīvьer	iéjшrbīvьons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
tșdāwàhSer	tșdāwàhSiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
õăsüāñиzáer	õăsüāñиzáai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
éNūuMàæéer	éNūuMàæéait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
kõnjnaéaãer	kõnjnaéaãe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ãxüиiṣíéner	ãxüиiṣíènes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
fíNáv-yãșre	fíNáv-yãșssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
nô'auer	nô'aue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
nmàéoüer	nmàéoüiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ăôáиNr	ăôáиNroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
șzūStēer	șzūStēoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
Sēy'dиu xr	Sēy'dиu xroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
y·jMшer	y·jMшe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
xwbиè'er	xwbиè'asse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ñuçõāwбzиеer	ñuçõāwбzиеe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
soqâp'er	soqâp'e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
шvôеker	шvôеkâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
țjṣq шçver	țjṣq шçva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
oíhyexzi·er	oíhyexzi·asse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
æúáæúюàeюer	æúáæúюàeюa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ēaâêfâüímèr	ēaâêfâüímèrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
ūòyVncer	ūòyVncais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
Cgkбnиūșruer	Cgkбnиūșruiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
æéús'láāor	æéús'láāoras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
pixçéìmàșeer	pixçéìmàșee	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
VMbūtāper	VMbūtāpais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
èkьdēюæer	èkьdēюæais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
cdaõgшCer	cdaõgшCé	V.PTCP;PST;french
сшNb·er	сшNb·ons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
æhàăиюьr	æhàăиюьz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ìbyúúçàìrrer	ìbyúúçàìrrait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
tīăgu'nșfer	tīăgu'nșf	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
lníjãôer	lníjãôassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
Vtêüèôìīer	Vtêüèôìīai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
шțçwrk Nâșer	шțçwrk Nâșons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
âȳãüãer	âȳãüãé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ū'î- ïсzer	ū'î- ïсzoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
nbmш'crăer	nbmш'crăe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ōюeõæă-ñzocer	ōюeõæă-ñzoçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
amīālópõàr	amīālópõàra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
 kāezбôāSиr	 kāezбôāSиs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
M'nеeqșSюre	M'nеeqșSюais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
țõf Mzer	țõf Mzassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
gxéNñṣáMqr	gxéNñṣáMqr	V;NFIN;french
ȳèoūțnjuшNer	ȳèoūțnjuшNe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
țdсk'íṣwюre	țdсk'íṣwюisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
-iṣsíwqir	-iṣsíwqiras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
sṣyïìeìșr	sṣyïìeìșr	V;NFIN;french
ьúãzbăьīer	ьúãzbăьīions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
 ōNNpшr	 ōNNpшrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
câtcшrvõr	câtcшrvõs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
êefêser	êefêse	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
еēьVô'шtre	еēьVô'шssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
qsüxiCïúçer	qsüxiCïúçe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
oigìlăer	oigìlăâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
·òиímr	·òиímas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ăvtюüămúăer	ăvtюüămúăerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
dVāâwlMeьr	dVāâwlMeьraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
oèьuxbNer	oèьuxbNiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
-ãõăēusMr	-ãõăēusMrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
cbȳàăire	cbȳàăyait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ūæâê'õíșïȳer	ūæâê'õíșïȳâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ì zюăíçer	ì zюăíçoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
шîhcñéder	шîhcñède	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
oáсàбï Séшer	oáсàбï Séшons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ьpsюōer	ьpsюōe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
àюîplïr	àюîplïrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ãēcȳсéюȳìêr	ãēcȳсéюȳìêriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ã·lfber	ã·lfbiiens	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
gwètaē'êr	gwètaē'êssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
íkgõōSer	íkgõōSions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
òīt MбêqV-re	òīt MбêqV-sais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
CáюçSmôñlr	CáюçSmôñlras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
бMб иьlher	бMб иьlhassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
âṣ-w'çсãcer	âṣ-w'çсãce	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
oqiòyæьsиbr	oqiòyæьsиbr	V;NFIN;french
'îūêñãïóer	'îūêñãïóe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
mg-văCèVér	mg-văCèVésses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
úsю wer	úsю wé	V.PTCP;PST;french
bMC·ṣlaCr	bMC·ṣlaCz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
twūюMr	twūюMrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
èсãòfyîsier	èсãòfyîsiasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
бáióñюir	бáióñюïssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
бьcke-țer	бьcke-țèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
òêâēțVaôшer	òêâēțVaôшât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
áxóààòṣer	áxóààòṣe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
víȳélōrr	víȳélōrriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ȳõеhtlérúãr	ȳõеhtlérúãrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
qțōījïyeler	qțōījïyèle	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
șбúuâeer	șбúuâeissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
dñufækñиóer	en dñufækñиóant	V.CVB;PRS;french
CñêîVōbr	CñêîVōbr	V;NFIN;french
yáõиȳçòшr	yáõиȳçòшrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ã  cбüoéсеtre	ã  cбüoéсеṣisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
üēñíȳr	üēñíȳr	V;NFIN;french
prīoбre	prīoбait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
fmбôìr	fmбôìrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ãkeïc бqxr	ãkeïc бqxras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
шçVSæ'er	шçVSæ'ais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
éhâюfzōxdre	éhâюfzōxez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
jñwjóenir	jñwjóiendra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ôãūrlúper	ôãūrlúpassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
svūúõqher	svūúõqhiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
·aN-Sãpïer	·aN-Sãpïons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
àkxtïósãe're	àkxtïósãe'saient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
июmīfбer	июmīfбions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
êōă·ue	êōă·uons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ȳīăíyer	ȳīăíyât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
táâqúer	táâqúaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
qpmáòūïçcer	qpmáòūïççais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
y·еhṣòèMòr	y·еhṣòèMòs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
cèïēïílædr	cèïēïílædra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
āīïSofōõóre	āīïSofōõósissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
dóșvqr	dóșvqr	V;NFIN;french
mõSàzér	mõSàzéraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
dôîCégiе ōer	dôîCégiе ōassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
сtç'aMór	сtç'aMónt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
hīVṣéê·hdãer	hīVṣéê·hdãâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
wăâòñdcaler	wăâòñdcalions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ōyṣq·éhūшâer	ōyṣq·éhūшâiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
qüúõúïr	qüúõúïr	V;NFIN;french
сābôïïrir	сābôïïert	V.PTCP;PST;french
õuēütсüagVer	õuēütсüagVteraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
CēvæSer	CēvæSe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
sțpшīxS·Mer	en sțpшīxS·Mant	V.CVB;PRS;french
SṣNlюjdr	SṣNlюjdrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
k'yvòmhhòer	k'yvòmhhòas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
çūшqēūær	çūшqēūærait	V;COND;3;SG;french
Nææèber	Nææèbe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ṣé-ьīбõúȳer	ṣé-ьīбõúȳions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ăūMpôōer	ăūMpôōais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
īVoSáer	īVoSáiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
иáæāpCwír	иáæāpCwíz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
mïòuāMюóеkr	mïòuāMюóеknt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
dсüīaюer	dсüīaюassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
īên-țr	īên-țras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
üwhézk·fūer	üwhézk·fūa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
éMySd èxr	éMySd èxs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
boipeиīfâdvte	bepeиīfâdvtiiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
zюgȳner	zюgȳnai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
бüoSkkir	бüoSkkîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
âôиīSer	âôиīSent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ūêgīãfiṣer	ūêgīãfiṣâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
Sеyюyiīer	Sеyюyiīât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ãkkèyer	ãkkèyiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ãííéшgnr	ãííéшgnras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
SssfCr	SssfCrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
fcîñīmdre	fcîñīmsist	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
gìçym-yer	gìçym-ie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
àhïsNkpüăr	àhïsNkpüăsse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
'õūș cбver	'õūș cбvames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ãiбmhr	ãiбmhrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
āìījюzer	āìījюzais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
юшNãèíCēīr	юшNãèíCēīrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
īȳṣșāVmīxtçoivre	īȳṣșāVmīxtcevons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ăüwàhpóser	ăüwàhpósions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ïșédăr	ïșédănt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
tkcçшapr	tkcçшaprois	V;COND;1;SG;french
hyle-er	hyle-asse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ouêtîr	ouêtîrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
cțén-ôdr	cțén-ôdz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
иkeâzjzaâer	иkeâzjzaâast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
bсиwăõúer	bсиwăõúons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
'ȳytuCer	'ȳytuCe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
Mhaw'óper	Mhaw'ópa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ñ'õqюvCMier	ñ'õqюvCMoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
eMyxovrьr	eMyxovrьssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
tóàбüūсnõçer	tóàбüūсnõçasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
nNs-Mиāсdíer	nNs-Mиāсdíaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ovVàãòïïuer	ovVàãòïïuiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ȳslcțсer	ȳslcțсassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
kllṣūvMìzer	kllṣūvMìza	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
cfxíșfíèūăer	cfxíșfíèūăoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
apūțotnillir	apūțotnudront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
еèïSfиȳwer	еèïSfиȳwasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
kīîюôwr	kīîюôwra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
Cṣìrylṣr	m'Cṣìrylṣroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
csçhīner	csçhīnèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ōșwæâr	ōșwæârions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ē ócx r	ē ócx ssiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
dáúnă éi'èier	dáúnă éi'èeroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
fîoeïMêe er	fîoeïMêe e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
eăūâqôшtr	eăūâqôшtnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
-ȳzōiSylfer	-ȳzōiSylfaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ôgî·îer	ôgî·îassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
osîиțlиer	osîиțlиiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
üãpôïæ r	üãpôïæ z	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
uuqāбáб·r	uuqāбáб·z	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
и cеcūāõær	и cеcūāõæroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
âàCшãgier	âàCшãgiais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
gévqï cüvōбfr	gèvqï cüvōбfra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ïkçãtlēȳṣver	ïkçãtlēȳṣvions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
îôōеnïer	îôōеnïâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
бVeшzer	бVeшzait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
Nzqpægêæ-ser	Nzqpægêæ-sé	V.PTCP;PST;french
iшbișkțüer	iшbișkțüe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
wȳсīсṣcñer	wȳсīсṣcña	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
lьrgüvr	lьrgüvras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
gā'pNēïvser	gā'pNēïvsé	V.PTCP;PST;french
zxcStāMer	zxcStāMâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
êóãàcìr	êóãàcìriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
õæüzūr	õæüzūrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
mïtеçser	mïtеçsé	V.PTCP;PST;french
wбCuóīxjébier	wбCuóīxjébent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
lqìnSVàбеrer	lqìnSVàбеre	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
vsvM ier	vsvM oient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ïüāj-ăer	ïüāj-ăe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
eóaálãшqcïer	eóaálãшqcïe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
 ndêūdr	 ndêūdr	V;NFIN;french
jvdíhu hòrer	jvdíhu hòrast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
Cшăãxòl·юñr	Cшăãxòl·юñra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
-êōãūr	-êōãūrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
юàà-сșryMnr	юàà-сșryMnrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
úicõqçcсxer	úicõqçcсxiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
xVrúеóer	xVrúеóa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ofȳóéuer	ofȳóéuons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
Cшēiȳre	Cшēiȳiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
юāōííțîérer	юāōííțîère	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ēṣç-иbrker	ēṣç-иbrke	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
kMōțõшC·úer	kMōțõшC·úassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
peúïülmr	pèúïülmrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
zāșdSer	zāșdSé	V.PTCP;PST;french
óhușêòêīăúer	óhușêòêīăúé	V.PTCP;PST;french
dvekMr	dvekMs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
'qoéNrțr	'qoéNrțrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
fьêæüâer	fьêæüâasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
õyîșgr	õyîșgrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
êæíSeūr	êæíSeūrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ñеìéhòсôer	ñеìéhòсôais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
qwеāVer	qwеāVasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
'Mṣ·-úr	'Mṣ·-únt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
Cúífînçer	Cúífînçiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ïMюășMvălr	ïMюășMvălr	V;NFIN;french
icīaíáçïer	icīaíáçïait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
шyzlæ-ṣãr	шyzlæ-ṣãra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
s·aôțsser	s·aôțsse	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
юéyeūzer	юéyeūzât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
rvñâver	rvñâvant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
vjwсnndre	vjwсngne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
Vсnájnr	Vсnájnrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ïșóS qшer	ïșóS qшant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
éāeNșьōófīr	éāeNșьōófīs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
бòūьșier	бòūьșeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
vūïjSōser	vūïjSōse	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
  dwéìсãăîer	  dwéìсãăîât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
qêàīāgqer	en qêàīāgqant	V.CVB;PRS;french
wêănūSdjìer	wêănūSdjìe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
nwCexúvț·er	en nwCexúvț·ant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ówzuílNшéer	ówzuílNшéât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
pkykūjer	pkykūje	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ūüáеõьjàāgillir	ūüáеõьjàāgli	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
d·qōõ-r	d·qōõ-s	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
āk'gúôúfsàr	āk'gúôúfsàrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
kñóljãknușer	kñóljãknușassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
õühȳlñer	õühȳlñons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
rháèțSeēеer	rháèțSeēеas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
țzSbìSóьier	țzSbìSóьeroiz	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ãqSюdVxr	ãqSюdVxt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
rúīyșne'sdier	rúīyșne'suz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
íālсMêȳer	íālсMêȳe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
rvVb·ȳсеr	rvVb·ȳсеr	V;NFIN;french
țâSțkărnmzr	țâSțkărnmzra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
-îсю·oиer	-îсю·oиais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
nș üümCáêer	nș üümCáêassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
-y·Sxcr	-y·Sxcra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
VèēilṣNīúșer	VèēilṣNīúșèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
lиеxȳiī-xîover	lиеxȳiī-xîuissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
óêyVyr	óêyVyr	V;NFIN;french
ìшèõq·qòōбeir	ìшèõq·qòōбïstes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
âȳzkюoer	âȳzkюoiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
üéndçīãdиyr	üéndçīãdиyrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
úsṣwônьer	úsṣwônьé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ăuçvē õer	ăuçvē õions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
·snüqçиlor	·snüqçиloz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
Vrêáoer	Vrêáoe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
еkсāclhéшr	еkсāclhéшssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
çpïȳăCer	çpïȳăCâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
úóôьăūer	úóôьăūais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
āCyиoȳñkCendre	āCyиoȳñkCît	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
îèūnȳōçæmer	îèūnȳōçæme	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
шMșббsșбm ier	шMșббsșбm erons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
tàwqNSеæēr	tàwqNSеæēra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
tdân'б·òúîer	en tdân'б·òúîant	V.CVB;PRS;french
'·бMüæir	'·бMüæi	V.PTCP;PST;french
eȳеMșr	eȳеMșraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
еēеșkúüer	еēеșkúüe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
õиnïíféwr	õиnïíféwrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
zbē·hôuñeṣer	zbē·hôuñeṣa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ciélīMōnçñer	ciélīMōnçñâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
сṣ·ō cber	сṣ·ō cbois	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
l ūèбиer	l ūèбиant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
òoìïher	òoìïhai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
lsjáîlr	lsjáîlnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
шNúopюtwr	шNúopюtwz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
hūòóīюyr	hūòóīюyrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
Cṣãdésbaeoir	Cṣãdésbaoiriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
íêīç-ær	íêīç-æz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
е ȳpēâôr	е ȳpēâôriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ìyшбōțer	ìyшбōțions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ïfrhюеōbr	ïfrhюеōbrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
иèfiyer	иèfiye	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
rьшú·fàwlndre	rьшú·fàwlgnez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ōè-ê-áôêloir	ōè-ê-áôêdrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
p țьṣNer	p țьṣNèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
áьmèбеeõjer	áьmèбеeõje	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
сìShdé'der	сìShdé'dassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
yȳīkōer	yȳīkōai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
- t-ьшva·er	- t-ьшva·e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
jбãóсīl-rr	jбãóсīl-rraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
e- iȳCáīr	e- iȳCáīrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
шæ·îkōer	шæ·îkōâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ôyîfæïâãer	ôyîfæïâãiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
dgăoòñk ger	dgăoòñk gions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
kшȳüç·bïāбtre	kшȳüç·bïāбsant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
Sșwōēêyîæer	en Sșwōēêyîæant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ьūȳșCюylr	ьūȳșCюylraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
āșldot'òcer	āșldot'òçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
aqȳ-îer	aqȳ-îaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ōxñtknīāсver	ōxñtknīāсvé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ó шюōjñ·ür	ó шюōjñ·ürai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
бyíáCèlqсérer	бyíáCèlqсèreront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
kș·еhòr	kș·еhòz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
iéjNьmxșīur	iéjNьmxșīuz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
zatMàer	zatMàoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
шюôflîwáîer	шюôflîwáîe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
îqōăzduòбçer	îqōăzduòбçe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ñêèиaVsиăr	ñêèиaVsиărais	V;COND;1;SG;french
юâțwìánìyfer	юâțwìánìyfaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ōpaymбrlì·er	ōpaymбrlì·ons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
êеvwlōueūțr	êеvwlōueūțnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
çюеăôjãăgr	çюеăôjãăgrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
àSõи Vãcer	àSõи Vãçasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ūçâóìter	ūçâóìtassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
țèàă·óer	țèàă·óe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ṣàwpīN étrer	ṣàwpīN ètres	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
pgmbaõșyиer	pgmbaõșyиs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
kâúòțêб er	kâúòțêб ant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
mg'pxr	mg'pxra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ēddbhr	ēddbhs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
peì-ñçôyer	peì-ñçôierions	V;COND;1;PL;french
tcïstèêer	tcïstèêais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ôèțçcnzr	ôèțçcnzrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ñēyqrer	ñēyqrât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
gbбc-oNüjier	gbбc-oNüjeassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
porшqer	porшqe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
úair'v ver	úair'v va	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ȳqpōîî·Meôr	se ȳqpōîî·Meôront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
qMcéhre	qMcéhsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ȳdōxaàțeker	ȳdōxaàțekions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
Môîjüer	Môîjüoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
aoēūьú'rer	aoēūьú'rasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
țbōlvVer	țbōlvVions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
șæfïfnēōr	șæfïfnēōz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ìãṣîī ēṣer	ìãṣîī ēṣassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
sNtCáCer	sNtCáCions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
oúбãyçáéțñr	oúбãyçáéțñz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ovdvüòha··ire	ovdvüòha··usse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
aē ôȳæver	aē ôȳævions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
àxmíiaer	àxmíiaissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
lrxãCscer	lrxãCsçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
âtюátīer	âtюátīait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
uōtï'ôōrr	uōtï'ôōrnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
èxàõăebzmer	èxàõăebzmèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ṣȳíà'hàer	ṣȳíà'hàiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
úropюì'иer	úropюì'иâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
yxVṣòșer	yxVṣòșassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
êCbqypеer	êCbqypеaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
oбшìMcer	oбшìMcons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
dсgōóúvr	dсgōóúvront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
yăyqēăõcюer	yăyqēăõcюât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
āãhzūăítre	āãhzūăísoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
Sș·юnære	Sș·юnæions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
çfúzænãber	çfúzænãbé	V.PTCP;PST;french
hìā-еàkr	hìā-еàkrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
fjìsuòâmer	fjìsuòâmant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
úíēṣnqgár	úíēṣnqgáras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
Cārшîíèôer	Cārшîíèôait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
zürīūqшбīór	zürīūqшбīónt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
wțqâtсr	wțqâtсrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
enváêâer	enváêâiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ē-Cfșçîr	ē-Cfșçîront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
юиūzïúVwéãer	юиūzïúVwéãasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
êțsțūàсMсer	êțsțūàсMсe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
oàiõóàer	oàiõóàassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ū'úōиqìer	ū'úōиqìait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
æüNьdāăr	æüNьdāăriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
oxjzâxoCier	oxjzâxoCiassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ïSúșь ier	ïSúșь iai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
nêìúüro'àьr	nêìúüro'àьr	V;NFIN;french
üóṣá·бeшêer	üóṣá·бeшêions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
wь'bzòer	wь'bzòast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ldô āwr	ldô āwra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
NVúütr	NVúütrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ãcxîбçēșéer	ãcxîбçēșéâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
Mïîwjшéì·r	Mïîwjшéì·rais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ïo·úțòșȳpèer	ïo·úțòșȳpèiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ánó'bkcr	ánó'bkcrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
àôìcêr	àôìcênt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ṣíôïónâmбer	ṣíôïónâmбa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ă'îçôȳî·'ïer	ă'îçôȳî·'ïant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ȳеu-zjter	ȳеu-zjtâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ūūеúàб'yMăr	ūūеúàб'yMăraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
bôиêh r	bôиêh rez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
rSlúō-ver	rSlúō-ve	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
vyшсюb·Câr	vyшсюb·Câs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ьsóSNиȳеâшer	ьsóSNиȳеâшait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
d·Sȳvòzer	d·Sȳvòze	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
à nnāvúiìr	à nnāvúiìrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ăâMôjbr	ăâMôjbrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
tepühьv·ṣer	tepühьv·ṣai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
rîxéMoăkâer	rîxéMoăkâât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
jxqêçer	jxqêçe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
óēî'Séюer	óēî'Séюais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
CNjăúêr	CNjăúênt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
VãílçuàVuer	VãílçuàVuasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
mNdūlyfître	mNdūlyfissez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
'ü-ìniê-r	'ü-ìniê-ssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
uügïшūüír	uügïшūüírait	V;COND;3;SG;french
è îūgS çtæier	è îūgS çtæe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
kиñrõсбaor	kиñrõсбaoriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
-lgóófæyer	-lgóófæyassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
süáóîãuer	süáóîãuons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
qüjdïer	qüjdïiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
jшțtzr	jшțtzrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
·æwōóшшCir	·æwōóшшCîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
 vnèCsoéMfr	 vnèCsoéMfz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
'é'qgēиébrer	'é'qgēиèbres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
âēâюfkü-er	âēâюfkü-asses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
fkârgõCcier	fkârgõCz	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
êююexçSer	êююexçSâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ōdçplre	ōdçplsiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
moxātиer	moxātиèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
üm·gáaúr	üm·gáaúrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
Vсеāēițīñeer	Vсеāēițīñeiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
шáòMzhk·sVer	шáòMzhk·sVions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
bækñеMer	bækñеMaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
cìnéoēăenir	cìnéoēăiens	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
șșwtīer	șșwtīassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
îеçiáссtr	îеçiáссts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
-udîæū'·ür	-udîæū'·ürais	V;COND;1;SG;french
àñōklzье-jer	àñōklzье-jais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
mMōsеțer	mMōsеțiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
xюș Vr	xюș Vz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
iVôòīç-àaer	iVôòīç-àaassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
 ól-c-er	 ól-c-ât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
сãwaãúddãr	сãwaãúddãr	V;NFIN;french
óõēçâer	óõēçâais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
çplõü'еSrer	çplõü'еSre	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
íṣq-ōqr	íṣq-ōqr	V;NFIN;french
eqãïūçüīìиer	eqãïūçüīìиasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
yōsCșîer	yōsCșîoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
шxjhó·xær	шxjhó·xæras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ôīnáșer	ôīnáșe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ūkăīюvr	ūkăīюvrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
añsejoyer	añsejerrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
wMSã-trvō r	wMSã-trvō nt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
NâsæсēīNîer	NâsæсēīNîiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
èūvhaérr	èūvhaérriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
pīgaôpãh·r	pīgaôpãh·ront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
pēòuúélerre	pēòuúéliere	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
aеô mtōsсérer	aеô mtōsсèrerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ê'càõNсr	ê'càõNсront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
eæwiīwôer	eæwiīwôais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ndêбuer	ndêбue	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
õсyzïbjr	õсyzïbjront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
Míбrîúoṣ fr	Míбrîúoṣ fras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
xãnèyîtfêer	xãnèyîtfêe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
çihphléer	çihphléast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ànéàlxNțlndre	ànéàlxNțlgnis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
Mшìăīășer	Mшìăīășèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
·Cīōmir	·Cīōme	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
nîf'káū-ôr	nîf'káū-ôra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
óeaiṣàcîèîr	óeaiṣàcîèîraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
âîṣemr	âîṣems	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
úí'юṣdâkíjr	úí'юṣdâkíjs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
юMaăṣátzjier	юMaăṣátzjièrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
zwēṣxwfr	zwēṣxwfriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ôçȳсNìlôсver	ôçȳсNìlôсvèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
yoūbímеéșr	yoūbímеéșriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
èmMôьíiçсr	èmMôьíiçсssions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
zmеeqьr	zmеeqьra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ì'dmāVíòr	ì'dmāVíòs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
șȳçiupăfr	șȳçiupăfrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
Sșèuūívșr	Sșèuūívșnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
-июædvēиer	-июædvēиaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
oòkãdèw-r	oòkãdèw-s	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
éеS úor	éеS úoz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ēávюōer	ēávюōa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ìеȳúȳсéuyr	ìеȳúȳсéuyr	V;NFIN;french
rrlíьqïyr	rrlíьqïyssons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ṣе· qr	ṣе· qra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
qæSàmæzser	qæSàmæzsassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
vàcuâсêér	vàcuâсêér	V;NFIN;french
n·Cбïtdôúăr	n·Cбïtdôúărais	V;COND;1;SG;french
Mиcyșer	Mиcyșait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
o āеõêl-er	o āеõêl-assiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ãwțMtõиюȳ er	ãwțMtõиюȳ iez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
z úwíaиáūer	z úwíaиáūe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
zlūю'òìer	zlūю'òìassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ōȳaшôüṣьM·er	ōȳaшôüṣьM·asse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
íшoúșzȳиțar	íшoúșzȳиțarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
íqdìãwar	íqdìãwásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qugшьVbиr	qugшьVbиis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ïpси Ndúr	ïpси Ndúria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
țеãæõēìár	țеãæõēìávas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çxjoyõãtr	çxjoyõãtndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
vеClüñbr	vеClüñbdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
âzì īzíer	âzì īzíer	V;NFIN;portuguese
îixúyqçúr	îixúyqçúrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ūēīütúõ-âüar	ūēīütúõ-âüe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
i·ьo-MSikôar	i·ьo-MSikôássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
açăwuM-ōr	açăwuM-ōr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ēSsxkçar	ēSsxkce	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
-éòCбæêсáar	-éòCбæêсáem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
îwNkïzt'çr	îwNkïzt'çr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
шòõVjãèìar	шòõVjãèìuem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
иbarñьr	иbarñьr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юngițCViбìr	юngițCViбìr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ç·сgшăzmqar	ç·сgшăzmqámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
țnюîȳr	țnюîȳstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·ìvȳbdkìюшr	·ìvȳbdkìюшdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ïMōãwir	ïMōãwam	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
üāNkbôphar	üāNkbôphou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
uáúwсksēéõar	uáúwсksēéõámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
èxāшсr	èxāшсmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
bōzсdMюvübar	bōzсdMюvübe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
õñïбīhdca'ar	õñïбīhdca'ávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üxбá-î ôar	üxбá-î ôes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
-ébbgănúdar	-ébbgănúde	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
gçgæer	gçgæer	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
jipȳâr	jipȳâsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìьșюCCr	ìьșюCCrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
aoõN ãr	aoõN ãres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
æoôqà-r	æoôqà-rão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
n'ōsūr	n'ōsūdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
yюиeȳāhrr	yюиeȳāhrr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ō qvCvr	ō qvCvrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Szṣìiar	Szṣìiou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ṣínàîágāúr	ṣínàîágāúríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
Vьèüá·oēюúr	Vьèüá·oēюúndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ōòmævr	ōòmævdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
jūúdюиuюīïr	jūúdюиuюīïr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
бшxõ'wCCòmr	бшxõ'wCCòmrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ôeê с'ar	ôeê с'es	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
uyȳúzpentir	uyȳúzpinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
pōāōkcêar	pōāōkcêei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ṣиșdlir	ṣиșdlíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãSúóșníêvar	ãSúóșníêve	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
õâwyôăgr	õâwyôăgras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
áãȳib·шMr	áãȳib·шMrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
бCSVșíбyar	бCSVșíбyes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
çpōîqbțSìzr	çpōîqbțSìzríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
éãseьr	éãseьvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
órdōàākVzr	órdōàākVzstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
îpmáāṣar	îpmáāṣe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
géсèSbьæsar	géсèSbьæseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Cúlīcñr	Cúlīcñr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
h'yê ir	h'yê irem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ăxбçсr	ăxбçсssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōбâеnôdr	ōбâеnôdra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ь-ãnèúir	ь-ãnèúíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
țqòbaálouSr	țqòbaálouSs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ücawpVюòôar	ücawpVюòôásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
èсбpè-r	èсбpè-dos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ôixjțr	ôixjțsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hNю'ròṣṣȳr	hNю'ròṣṣȳva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
muloçòcarr	muloçòcarvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tãnсișôsar	tãnсișôses	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ìêit üõșæâr	ìêit üõșæâreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ūôибyṣdnr	ūôибyṣdnis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
akllnr	akllnres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
u ótjpúēar	u ótjpúēáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Maшx r	Maшx remos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
'âсîasíæjVr	'âсîasíæjVrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
æșúòбr	æșúòбremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
īéиçegr	īéиçegres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
fюdqáșíôr	fюdqáșíôstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cklîōqéōéSr	cklîōqéōéSa	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bsāêrār	bsāêrārem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
kydçír	kydçístes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
êòñêш·rñér	êòñêш·rñér	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ēpfиюoî ūюr	ēpfиюoî ūюreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
qhūhV'Sūqr	qhūhV'Sūqres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
kcîībâæṣqrr	kcîībâæṣqrremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
qéwVur	qéwVum	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
īьrfkNkar	īьrfkNka	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
еțufṣãr	еțufṣãm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
okaōVr	okaōVdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
jāțMõlr	jāțMõlr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
s сāīèàîȳșr	s сāīèàîȳșstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
jh-сsț'r	jh-сsț'ria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
xñȳslhnr	xñȳslhnrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
īāōōâNrr	īāōōâNrrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ț-vspçиr	ț-vspçиríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
rgwbб īkr	rgwbб īkdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
Ctcãhwúr	Ctcãhwúra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
órьstVtî'îr	órьstVtî'îssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·'l·hlzar	·'l·hlzem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
êṣmíàьеbar	êṣmíàьеbeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
kāzuàóé çzar	kāzuàóé çzo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
íeSиâбar	íeSиâбámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
nьMêeãhȳzer	nьMêeãhȳzamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
qqótméăr	qqótméăvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 ȳuïṣæar	 ȳuïṣæa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
òbpсwțàr	òbpсwțàr	V;NFIN;portuguese
țб'üx-Vr	țб'üx-Vr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
d-еúê'õēxbr	d-еúê'õēxbram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
u'cñēáNсrfr	u'cñēáNсrfra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Nōgãéoìàmr	Nōgãéoìàmrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
V íеzьāеbr	V íеzьāеbis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
àбiúir	àбiúirei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ôábīèar	ôábīèes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
юьræîṣpVar	юьræîṣpVáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
êsăñuāãr	êsăñuāãrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
шōсz'ȳàar	шōсz'ȳàa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
éjьюtar	éjьюte	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
àîpââбшMr	àîpââбшMndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
j-сã-ãòçir	j-сã-ãòçíam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'Vúqibâçar	'Vúqibâcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
SpS'ōécar	SpS'ōéque	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
dédCūár	dédCūádo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
бíqz''ó·ar	бíqz''ó·ia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
beaшim par	beaшim pe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
plüõcbôicшar	plüõcbôicшemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
yçȳьìьămMær	yçȳьìьămMæste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
g-xìcmr	g-xìcmrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ençțuíáеp r	ençțuíáеp ria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ogõòșțôr	ogõòșțôsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çbṣiyar	çbṣiyemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ăbôqьvr	ăbôqьvis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
mlpmñôzkaṣr	mlpmñôzkaṣdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
jñèșVzr	jñèșVzi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
iõȳбàèoüñìr	iõȳбàèoüñìssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īqoæpсюõr	īqoæpсюõdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
òwȳtôaбhãr	òwȳtôaбhãvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qéSèūüür	qéSèūüüva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àtбgræṣìfr	àtбgræṣìfram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
kúñCoțbьōhr	kúñCoțbьōhs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
atvMgõn r	atvMgõn rás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
òàc' oúȳar	òàc' oúȳa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ььàpltcèkjar	ььàpltcèkjáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
nìsonSépfmr	nìsonSépfmva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
сvtnbímkibr	сvtnbímkibram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ȳCü·bCáhr	ȳCü·bCáhva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éüūeбõeguir	éüūeбõigas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
jòjnbṣïar	jòjnbṣïáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōbiṣсîMr	ōbiṣсîMdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
āCâçbmïēCar	āCâçbmïēCes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ьôiCkìoиar	ьôiCkìoиávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
āíбqóáôar	āíбqóáôei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Mēoaótсuzr	Mēoaótсuzjais	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èâãtzțCr	èâãtzțCria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
èivVshnr	èivVshnvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òõVêkwr	òõVêkwria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
VиāNсót иr	VиāNсót иríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
fgiàsMdfīr	fgiàsMdfīrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
jsìāpr	jsìāpríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
cúáxjCar	cúáxjCei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
áMb ·с Cеr	áMb ·с Cеda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
ìêбõьtmr	ìêбõьtmrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ăbṣúãюldñfr	ăbṣúãюldñfra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ã'jrjșãdïсar	ã'jrjșãdïсáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
īmj·svor	īmj·svoas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Côìôçcer	Côìôçça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ōíшеâyr	ōíшеâyrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
pnxьhhr	pnxьhhste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ñexlțmétbеr	ñexlțmétbеste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
wêàkg'bSár	wêàkg'bSáres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
éиNьyìr	éиNьyìvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
emdãеoér	emdãеoéva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 tjxgr	 tjxgrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țìï·âar	țìï·âa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
·çṣõCțr	·çṣõCțr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
éêōeybngór	éêōeybngóra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ṣxpvúār	ṣxpvúāra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
-шísшar	-шísшem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
шãсügьar	шãсügьámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
-dScbáar	-dScbááveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·kqbir	·kqbir	V;NFIN;portuguese
mzõ-wеr	mzõ-wеriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
и-éì ar	и-éì áramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
dsиã-r	dsиã-va	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ófюyïáȳțúir	ófюyïáȳțúíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣóaȳ wnèCюr	ṣóaȳ wnèCюras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
làю' üNr	làю' üNi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ygmèâçSzècr	ygmèâçSzècra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
kȳeēuMbSr	kȳeēuMbSra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·ṣnãhr	·ṣnãhrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ìțóSaìāōõr	ìțóSaìāōõr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dàìшбá ïar	dàìшбá ïa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ñqășâVr	ñqășâVrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
pîõwō'r	pîõwō'ndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
-fбsapdVīr	-fбsapdVīstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
smãnăàr·pèar	smãnăàr·pèie	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
èеțь-ьtfcr	èеțь-ьtfcra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
сtеț oāVçæar	сtеț oāVçæue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
'Vîéêbṣpêèr	'Vîéêbṣpêèste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
wюgpwîüōbmr	wюgpwîüōbmreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
·ôSсòșoyr	·ôSсòșoyria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ūșêūбyиïçar	ūșêūбyиïçemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
y·ьīèj-ьNyar	y·ьīèj-ьNya	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
èeeîkar	èeeîkásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иôíhêçôȳér	иôíhêçôȳér	V;NFIN;portuguese
ú'Nmçjxȳwar	ú'Nmçjxȳwe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țzçhêxir	țzçhêxem	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
hãāьeár	hãāьeásses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
opvãбxūar	opvãбxūem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
úkáâar	úkáâava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñõkúwyar	ñõkúwyáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
'ôvãиNr	'ôvãиNrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
îNtțêr	îNtțêríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
zu·ăàrér	zu·ăàrés	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
u·ecșttr	u·ecșttras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ñldăcór	ñldăcórmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
y'îàáV r	y'îàáV rem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юб·MqêVr	юб·MqêVram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ámwóñpqr	ámwóñpqsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьnkmMíNaюr	ьnkmMíNaюram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
еt-kútáévr	еt-kútáévremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
hkzīkSеṣqar	hkzīkSеṣqes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
jиêoиьîdr	jиêoиьîdsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cjævбr	cjævбrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
·ïjōsс'r	·ïjōsс'ndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
-ōnâügr	-ōnâügrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
'ãüühīNnar	'ãüühīNna	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
êāèçgpnozr	êāèçgpnozvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șêjóVóòó'r	șêjóVóòó'ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
cюicor	cюicormos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çüāVqr	çüāVqsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьbiyoCūxīar	ьbiyoCūxīem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
iюbīēhmtMr	iюbīēhmtMrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
jюiìãSar	jюiìãSa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ăīôâôбr	ăīôâôбríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
gSlîyrlșícar	gSlîyrlșíquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
qьȳūfr	qьȳūfsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
yиешă·б ūnr	yиешă·б ūnm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
rïèsráȳõcwcar	rïèsráȳõcwquemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ïrȳāșlr	ïrȳāșldos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
бīrdvеnr	бīrdvеnsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïîzqȳíbâr	ïîzqȳíbâria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
tbkõòțmæqvar	tbkõòțmæqvia	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
еsehăgāir	еsehăgāíssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
VntшVãqcсr	VntшVãqcсres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
áúvxa·ïCC'ar	áúvxa·ïCC'ámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
oè íCar	oè íCemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
yuțmCюl r	yuțmCюl r	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rñvêv·ór	rñvêv·ói	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
nēaṣñjr	nēaṣñjrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
srюīnçr	srюīnçndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
úpõópìlr	úpõópìlrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
țhêlюr	țhêlюis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
exjādūīt-or	exjādūīt-orá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ü'óynar	ü'óynáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
kțvqetr	kțvqetríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
·èpáar	·èpáavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
èсâáõṣéVolir	èсâáõṣéVula	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țâ·āizьr	țâ·āizьria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
k'юrsêr	k'юrsêstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
yбcõgáîãr	yбcõgáîãndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ādõâkеṣṣr	ādõâkеṣṣras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
háêwVеèò-fr	háêwVеèò-fer	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ybæsōôar	ybæsōôe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
иṣõьVòr	иṣõьVòvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳNșшMwir	ȳNșшMwíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
tñszdwhr	tñszdwhsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
énăán·îr	énăán·îda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
éCțmюlñmîar	éCțmюlñmîáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
üшcțgCNr	üшcțgCNrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qyhõ·uшzсr	qyhõ·uшzсvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñãxgóēr	ñãxgóērá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
òáiæăçîór	òáiæăçîórás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
îCuōroVuîar	îCuōroVuîa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
üepílar	üepíláveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ff'īēṣr	ff'īēṣrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
õõoâīar	õõoâīe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
āá àâr	āá àârdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
'æCîvțr	'æCîvțrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
chш-auôȳCиr	chш-auôȳCиrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
īpïgçîȳuṣar	īpïgçîȳuṣemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xvçюéar	xvçюéemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
goæóàțSr	goæóàțSdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
īebaȳr	īebaȳi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
bêṣxeççr	bêṣxeççr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
nбsuīNMūr	nбsuīNMūdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
hьxíhūter	hьxíhūteres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
telюьãr	telюьãra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ìõîúlьeVór	ìõîúlьeVórdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
pîkâț üar	pîkâț üávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
CṣеãéCr	CṣеãéCremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
Vāṣv·шr	Vāṣv·шi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
kséūjoCи'țr	kséūjoCи'țr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ñăáõqSr	ñăáõqSríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
pāwmèdar	pāwmèdueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
iãjсèr	iãjсèdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
Ncōánqïáțr	Ncōánqïáțras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ìōmxôuCr	ìōmxôuCda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
țilc иoiqfar	țilc иoiqfes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
c'yuïçhr	c'yuïçhr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
dсïNæюtíìr	dсïNæюtíìmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
шîòūишòxr	шîòūишòxdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ãjeьțaçpzсgir	ãjeьțaçpzсjas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ōNaīüîюjar	ōNaīüîюja	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
çbï·сrēuear	çbï·сrēueávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çætçCaqhr	çætçCaqhdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
açêш-bшar	açêш-bшe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ìyț'sбhór	ìyț'sбhór	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
áuaMçríãñar	áuaMçríãñámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
fl·ñălôr	fl·ñălôr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
úVăî âCMóṣr	úVăî âCMóṣra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
jnṣuttar	jnṣuttemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Vãqqáâqr	Vãqqáâqvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Mțшòбer	Mțшòбer	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
âиãpa·țr	âиãpa·țram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
réNcmñìhr	réNcmñìhreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
çpa ègсwîшr	çpa ègсwîшram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
whxāю'ôcr	whxāю'ôcm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ìxṣfюkòсar	ìxṣfюkòсem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ēpãhVr	ēpãhVrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
āиȳçær	āиȳçærias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
'ôțшur	'ôțшurem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
CçãVbьfōfqr	CçãVbьfōfqra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
yьеêalVāér	yьеêalVāévas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țáeбm yeñâr	țáeбm yeñâres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ñSàC-r	ñSàC-r	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
üvūȳăvvgoar	üvūȳăvvgoa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
of·еvāâṣbcar	of·еvāâṣbques	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
tãúēēюkr	tãúēēюkm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
xșywūvar	xșywūvarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ьoîãôkr	ьoîãôkríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
tnhNdr	tnhNdrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
jVȳàæãиèxar	jVȳàæãиèxes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
gxgVæōSCìãar	gxgVæōSCìãeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ьMāôveьr	ьMāôveьres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
àиàābr	àиàābr	V;NFIN;portuguese
óōvōhpãи'mar	óōvōhpãи'memos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
lãиceōtNшNr	lãиceōtNшNstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
íomSolmr	íomSolmr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ăш-lбăñaíar	ăш-lбăñaíemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
òuqzCāar	òuqzCāemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
coбcxúṣōmar	coбcxúṣōmei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mwófюíáiór	mwófюíáióríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
Ceúàor	Ceúàois	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
īïmсClMoéar	īïmсClMoée	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
юșôpm-jr	юșôpm-jram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cьиī-îuñr	cьиī-îuñrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
шkãNær	шkãNæva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àmzïwr	àmzïwras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ïçȳhîbôqóțr	ïçȳhîbôqóțrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
óúaaxïиár	óúaaxïиái	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
țșбòâãr	țșбòâãria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
иșüõășōr	иșüõășōr	V;NFIN;portuguese
Súúínváțõr	Súúínváțõr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
îtoșuCcüæar	îtoșuCcüæo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
îeõьȳïcьar	îeõьȳïcьa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
rb'dțNr	rb'dțNdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
țuNoārõîerer	țuNoārõîisesses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fcīîâar	fcīîâáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
z е-Vṣfaār	z е-Vṣfaāram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
 иȳ'éuôîîar	 иȳ'éuôîîávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nóț·y'ṣìьșr	nóț·y'ṣìьșria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
rț-tțar	rț-tțo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
еaSmâaîьüNr	еaSmâaîьüNrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
'țâVepîãoеr	'țâVepîãoеram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cç ȳīúar	cç ȳīúemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
vpõo'l vl·ar	vpõo'l vl·áramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
yfēeòCdhæïr	yfēeòCdhæïrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
õxmmyjcțzr	õxmmyjcțzra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
hñSêgVṣьar	hñSêgVṣьámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
úSSyy-lñòr	úSSyy-lñòremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
kōеâmìær	kōеâmìæram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
g sèsar	g sèsemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Vjēyăr	Vjēyămos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ииjduer	ииjdueres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ш naíócìõyr	ш naíócìõyrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
îьVímiбâoúar	îьVímiбâoúámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ēîójlr	ēîójlram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
būsãàNhīțar	būsãàNhīțáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
òCVSãțNșr	òCVSãțNșres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
îăérkear	îăérkeo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãwõēægñqбar	ãwõēægñqбámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
gMюlyr	gMюlydos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
īòçèaC-ō-ar	īòçèaC-ō-ou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ṣțkrmēțиțãr	ṣțkrmēțиțãrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
õçeȳ'r	õçeȳ'va	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
óæб'oṣfêr	óæб'oṣfêram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
qmNêïīar	qmNêïīávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
âáē·юmюar	âáē·юmюeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
íīьxèqer	íīьxèqe	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
xwиtȳrir	xwиtȳra	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ôuqãnиar	ôuqãnиem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
âhīțgæшar	âhīțgæшáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
g-ñṣōikjr	g-ñṣōikjstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
çdnàāеwr	çdnàāеwm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
zюeçxr	zюeçxva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
сvbbāsșçr	сvbbāsșçrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
rVс'ñțVüar	rVс'ñțVüa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
îīChuñxr	îīChuñxra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
uбéñxr	uбéñxs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
azScñldēqôr	azScñldēqôndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ksáâеășlar	ksáâеășlem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
rògūïеóô r	rògūïеóô nham	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·aáāîô·iюir	·aáāîô·iюisse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àьwêçūxVîar	àьwêçūxVîei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
jïеêīar	jïеêīemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ìpSāuьñgxr	ìpSāuьñgxrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
qv-mçtìnecar	qv-mçtìneque	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ècăyShær	ècăyShæste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
шăṣüīūçr	шăṣüīūçres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ïсèrȳlr	ïсèrȳlr	V;NFIN;portuguese
s'zkoxrízyar	s'zkoxrízyásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïCьCȳr	ïCьCȳrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
·īvvúiájōr	·īvvúiájōva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ââVеVиwюàqr	ââVеVиwюàqrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ьешē hxțàșr	ьешē hxțàșres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
mîòyи·ākr	mîòyи·ākdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
MNyzyésñьr	MNyzyésñьres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Sūbṣăwfar	Sūbṣăwfeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
M·l·Næшer	M·l·Næшais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Vg'ьшààízyar	Vg'ьшààízyem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ьwìb ar	ьwìb es	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
fNçuôr	fNçuôríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
NrăèSqir	NrăèSqíres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ykSNjãar	ykSNjãa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ūȳzìьóеæьбr	ūȳzìьóеæьбr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
mssmõìákfr	mssmõìákfrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
áõaMgr	áõaMgria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
cíāóæwūār	cíāóæwūāva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 ṣeàõòer	 ṣeàõòer	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țVlhsúéxr	țVlhsúéxra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mcoиyr	mcoиyríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
dșúçwшr	dșúçwшra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
dòес-r	dòес-ria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
jjVșbr	jjVșbdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
òõșïbr	òõșïbu	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
êеòSfmgèãor	êеòSfmgèãões	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
w'pшcVr	w'pшcVrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ghdzbpar	ghdzbpáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
zăéáiar	zăéáia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
·àṣè·i-ï r	·àṣè·i-ï ra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
vеôȳюìcgrr	vеôȳюìcgrr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
òúmátnăбìar	òúmátnăбìem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ūwmṣhèCr	ūwmṣhèCvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïīSьk''orrcar	ïīSьk''orrquem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
b ôìhbar	b ôìhbásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăyyьюwaóīr	ăyyьюwaóīram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
üuuqñăywшNr	üuuqñăywшNdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
àțzиóõюar	àțzиóõюe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
àș gúlar	àș gúlou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
òMīăȳãīõâ'ar	òMīăȳãīõâ'ássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·īzãrâr	·īzãrârias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ȳsbztиõar	ȳsbztиõa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
àhçVfelàar	àhçVfelàe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
mársækuir	mársækue	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
éqbбiir	éqbбiíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
kofúõâōãêr	kofúõâōãêriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ьèwsgсæxar	ьèwsgсæxa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
iisṣàāāăêr	iisṣàāāăêsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
gjNūüșlcar	gjNūüșlcem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
S ăōìr	S ăōìreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
òdîuшбõyar	òdîuшбõyem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dyìwâNñar	dyìwâNñámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
jaîzwãàar	jaîzwãàe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
'lиеãNïôcer	'lиеãNïôçamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
eqbñæțíetr	eqbñæțíetssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êșиçōúôúzăr	êșиçōúôúzărdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
gáóïsar	gáóïsem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
бïdílȳmr	бïdílȳmríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
üg-cṣr	üg-cṣrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ōìшnôaṣr	ōìшnôaṣva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
níшòьer	níшòьivera	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sãю'zaztar	sãю'zazta	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
Cṣșbxfr	Cṣșbxfsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
áș юdșr	áș юdșsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
SytjMærr	SytjMærsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Vspgïfr	Vspgïfr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
mṣāfézdīar	mṣāfézdīo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
Mòlpīr	Mòlpīrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
áüuqíсpr	áüuqíсpvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ььhuéxsr	ььhuéxsrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
юбààбr	юбààбrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
fólṣòr	fólṣòstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
êíītiékȳwr	êíītiékȳwi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
sfōwūir	sfōwūíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
wīюuū'blp r	wīюuū'blp rdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юéanglrr	юéanglrres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
еyVшSèăr	еyVшSèăda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
sēì·wăièur	sēì·wăièuríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
xrtSòrсbgir	xrtSòrсbjam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
k'āêheîбnr	k'āêheîбndos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
òCãсțar	òCãсțáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pòlVvvr	pòlVvvríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
yюgqîr	yюgqîsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăōæīgõṣôr	ăōæīgõṣôrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
MṣNãfóeòūr	MṣNãfóeòūríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
 ô-cõȳ çr	 ô-cõȳ çvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
údìüōgVóȳgar	údìüōgVóȳgáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
SNюzwîr	SNюzwîr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qakuшkaar	qakuшkaem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ágìșțâr	ágìșțâio	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
 ügrīar	 ügrīe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ōȳõèòr	ōȳõèòrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ygīȳgōar	ygīȳgōemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
'-еoqèr	'-еoqènham	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
lеyNltōr	lеyNltōsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ryñ'āar	ryñ'āávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șбüócüòSar	șбüócüòSe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ïāìSônvpr	ïāìSônvpda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
cbzVìgt'Cvar	cbzVìgt'Cveis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Văjvgnir	Văjvgnamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
wõòipar	wõòipasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üqSìàóbéбer	üqSìàóbéбam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
úшădqtсoáar	úшădqtсoáa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
w oьuóNar	w oьuóNem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
 сebṣr	 сebṣria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
óqCú ñr	óqCú ñríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
læxăâxCSr	læxăâxCSva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
óóNMqr	óóNMqrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ьqюíиr	ьqюíиres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
viNæòñçr	viNæòñçi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
rxõuãñogir	rxõuãñoja	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țūpсwáãñfr	țūpсwáãñfra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ètēеāáíVar	ètēеāáíVem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
c'üéhwzur	c'üéhwzur	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
nNāSèr	nNāSèvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-āíțșr	-āíțși	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
· íViõюür	· íViõюüsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
á·eïNíqîcīr	á·eïNíqîcīrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
àoôșïșCor	àoôșïșCoram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
oNihSïōMr	oNihSïōMstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иṣgbír	иṣgbírão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
yiuñggūar	yiuñggūásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Nȳîæār	Nȳîæāva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãṣбchr	ãṣбchria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
oòóеâюüóyr	oòóеâюüóyr	V;NFIN;portuguese
шáqțācîSúsr	шáqțācîSúsriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
fțyȳuíāêer	fțyȳuíāêo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
aæo'mìar	aæo'mìo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
íăhē'er	íăhē'amos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
шaēă·jìar	шaēă·jìásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ō-Nèîir	ō-Nèîíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳō' еaNбór	ȳō' еaNбórias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
īrhôér	īrhôérão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ōbțsMюõr	ōbțsMюõrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çkōïæar	çkōïæáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pțиàaбvūțãr	pțиàaбvūțãva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Mjdôï·ôr	Mjdôï·ôrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
āīrssyēd-'er	āīrssyēd-'iam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
yóююōyV-r	yóююōyV-rás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
zïìrsr	zïìrsr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
codьpșāar	codьpșāeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
sklșuar	sklșuemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
p çcușсьēkar	p çcușсьēke	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
еn'ôîеr	еn'ôîеrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
îoçààr	îoçààsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еiăNюòmuāyar	еiăNюòmuāyem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
bfSțшwâсêjr	bfSțшwâсêjdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
сюMьõar	сюMьõe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
mVofóиr	mVofóиi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
-Mfêògr	-Mfêògreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
bãîсíūüyàõar	bãîсíūüyàõei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Vymîiar	Vymîiássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çáî'èyюȳer	çáî'èyюȳerás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
lēêōowr	lēêōowras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
vеnmăSjьãеr	vеnmăSjьãеrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
cūgêoïyhCâr	cūgêoïyhCândo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
шerõōebCr	шerõōebCr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
aü-îlèюȳшèr	aü-îlèюȳшèrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
càVqíсqïvr	càVqíсqïvrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
õæьçxaicюlr	õæьçxaicюlr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ṣâàúéonsиar	ṣâàúéonsиaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
íî'rúf·àr	íî'rúf·àr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
CqlrêxfSbar	CqlrêxfSbemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
éôüsiìcVō-r	éôüsiìcVō-ras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ȳyS·vеNpțșar	ȳyS·vеNpțșe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
M·ãsìnîar	M·ãsìnîássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
eéеìьêшer	eéеìьêшerem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
mă kotèóoar	mă kotèóoe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
иydшâr	иydшâste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cxVшūêbēr	cxVшūêbēvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьèôvæăсьzr	ьèôvæăсьzsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
sșиMkțlr	sșиMkțlrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ūțèáàr	ūțèáàr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Mòóșçqēxar	Mòóșçqēxássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
б êēеóāñàar	б êēеóāñàivéramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
hâсaàCeir	hâсaàCeais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
òêfaãăcéar	òêfaãăcéardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
iātīéõïēôr	iātīéõïēôi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
vāæéálșïüor	vāæéálșïüosses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
îMșSебSr	îMșSебSríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
ìvvMrar	ìvvMreis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
òòīūgSâbôțr	òòīūgSâbôțsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìēṣêêāhюíar	ìēṣêêāhюíáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
сólxíñõîúar	сólxíñõîúe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ñééüénȳr	ñééüénȳrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ìfgmíúṣr	ìfgmíúṣram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
vūsydrбNer	vūsydrбNêssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ztбréhr	ztбréhríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
шâúcôtváwar	шâúcôtváwemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
rṣq'ágéṣar	rṣq'ágéṣe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
o'ãzṣèū·ár	o'ãzṣèū·árias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ïieșæâõvlr	ïieșæâõvlr	V;NFIN;portuguese
Nеюíqæir	Nеюíqæira	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
zlsāvCsбyüar	zlsāvCsбyüásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Cæsteîr	Cæsteîvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïnáíoбēā r	ïnáíoбēā ríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
tíōldītar	tíōldītem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
-æueVqüaôwr	-æueVqüaôwsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōṣшhṣïèr	ōṣшhṣïèríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
șæjñcyúar	șæjñcyúámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
еliæxhețer	еliæxhețeríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ūñбrlисáur	ūñбrlисáudos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
êúñúиMmar	êúñúиMmeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
êăñïrlr	êăñïrlsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 æókēvr	 æókēvmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
июōVăç·úêar	июōVăç·úêei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
djoăñr	djoăñsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cVmqür	cVmqüvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bôãèrxar	bôãèrxe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
uæсaṣar	uæсaṣa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
bkçеàôç··èar	bkçеàôç··èávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lVbéqr	lVbéqrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qățzuñèmar	qățzuñèmemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
țюīî·yar	țюīî·yue	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
èffaMr	èffaMndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
qà ебēr	qà ебērei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
qāixìir	qāixìi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
iñïmêar	iñïmêe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
w'õwNàNfrâar	w'õwNàNfrâe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Vïnaсwāvr	Vïnaсwāvis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Mqb-шmêи·xr	Mqb-шmêи·xis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Năyóе·ṣãe·r	Năyóе·ṣãe·res	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ôō'õyVNVòr	ôō'õyVNVòrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
kónsbū-ir	kónsbū-es	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūñæhvpkȳr	ūñæhvpkȳste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ñudсà·zr	ñudсà·zrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pía'wēir	pía'wēíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
vиlfer	vиlferes	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юóúáеōсr	юóúáеōсsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
îüеviôьшar	îüеviôьшemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
īюyexuīrēшar	īюyexuīrēшei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
òă·zàer	òă·zàe	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
сșàofîr	сșàofîdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ṣсèȳy·èr	ṣсèȳy·èndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
шjñèúóer	шjñèúóido	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
ȳlêçêāar	ȳlêçêāáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
еèVdсēr	еèVdсēres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
üиçhsñar	üиçhsñai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ȳìogãr	ȳìogãis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
edceañnьñar	edceañnьñásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìfēpṣhcṣar	ìfēpṣhcṣues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ȳă fюærmvar	ȳă fюærmve	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
șmюãеyșNr	șmюãеyșNs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
țxhêțor	țxhêțusesse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qbaс'pôSr	qbaс'pôSsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
óōásèour	óōásèoura	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ṣsībēlyãMьr	ṣsībēlyãMьvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ī-ê așêr	ī-ê așêa	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bîw·ōr	bîw·ōm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Seéyșar	Seéyșueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Væqюvvr	Væqюvvdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ààgūсиūcMсr	ààgūсиūcMсsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
quăxiar	quăxiei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
áàеômôāțoar	áàеômôāțoei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
VçuīăòíóMr	VçuīăòíóMndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
dюôь'ar	dюôь'e	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
SCkãïir	SCkãïais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
íqȳh'r	íqȳh'ste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
üærxnăC-oéar	üærxnăC-oéa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
t áòю'CzõNar	t áòю'CzõNeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
иoàvиsar	иoàvиsáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
wădòēèr	wădòēèr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
yczNkCNcar	yczNkCNque	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
pūò'țīīæVūr	pūò'țīīæVūrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
lõеger	lõеgedos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
еf-sōòSсìшar	еf-sōòSсìшa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
iVvuScīwæïr	iVvuScīwæïvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țādmnçpütqr	țādmnçpütqsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éèãéúиàṣar	éèãéúиàṣemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
êNîéSr	êNîéSres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
bóxcȳdiñțar	bóxcȳdiñțámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
yèсòеbȳâr	yèсòеbȳâreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
íâáoNṣāpāazer	íâáoNṣāpāizerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
sеSñpéïr	sеSñpéïrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ôç'yòváшr	ôç'yòváшres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
'șvсéküjеr	'șvсéküjеis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ьuwbsōhr	ьuwbsōhras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
rázāúïwr	rázāúïwrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ílюõyȳar	ílюõyȳes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
çtìêòwqșar	çtìêòwqșe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
j-n-hñíxār	j-n-hñíxāria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
lāmdlюr	lāmdlюremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
êoūôôwMеr	êoūôôwMеres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
òs-·ìțæēеiar	òs-·ìțæēеiemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ēāNòс сfr	ēāNòс сfsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nìaìMdNббìr	nìaìMdNббìs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
MôïēīSar	MôïēīSuemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èrāеțotбSár	èrāеțotбSáda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
șoïиS r	șoïиS mos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
zy'ñbț·nlсr	zy'ñbț·nlсmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
-иóvșémNr	-иóvșémNrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fhfūaüSțhȳar	fhfūaüSțhȳásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rCsòSãār	rCsòSãāram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
сăôhc·óūьr	сăôhc·óūьriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
kúūõõxṣMgr	kúūõõxṣMgrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
еh·ūçr	еh·ūçrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
râh·e·übnr	râh·e·übnram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
jcjlã· nõáar	jcjlã· nõáes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
шõcâîr	шõcâîvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ígqíïuиozar	ígqíïuиozávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñweṣzr	ñweṣzres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
îьиáüôьïòüentir	îьиáüôьïòüinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
cçjbVlrbx r	cçjbVlrbx r	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
MtzñêqîVèюr	MtzñêqîVèюr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣdúшzCòбáfr	ṣdúшzCòбáfstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
x īàțèæxárar	x īàțèæxára	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
èkuéòìюvúêr	èkuéòìюvúêsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïîMēṣēбar	ïîMēṣēбáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
î·ṣиéссñțor	î·ṣиéссñțovas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юòv'ūбïr	юòv'ūбïram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ñăàсcr	ñăàсcria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
jouréáбüir	jouréáбüíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
íæô'ār	íæô'āmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
шçSfmvéar	шçSfmvées	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
-āæшpîfdеr	-āæшpîfdеr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
óMïrNbkar	óMïrNbkou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
wúsâakajîèr	wúsâakajîèriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
īìkjàNvgmr	īìkjàNvgmste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Nkеgeю'āșr	Nkеgeю'āșra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ñV îōēfhr	ñV îōēfhrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юíьpNar	юíьpNemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
óáuèlú-ãr	óáuèlú-ãnhas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ăeoñ-mr	ăeoñ-mria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ènéxaSūzar	ènéxaSūzies	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
dSeṣúkîсir	dSeṣúkîсi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ñșsusсr	ñșsusсndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
hī'oNar	hī'oNem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
üîVōīVyьr	üîVōīVyьrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ăā'MMād'wr	ăā'MMād'wr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
nfbyṣúoqōюr	nfbyṣúoqōюsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òç tMñr	òç tMñrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ьșãNgar	ьșãNgemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
üoṣtēcíюēr	üoṣtēcíюēdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
шw-Vhüìear	шw-Vhüìeemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ôtãpàîшr	ôtãpàîшsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nóhs'сCсar	nóhs'сCсei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õīgrjkñtkr	õīgrjkñtkrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Cшrшçæīțyir	Cшrшçæīțyi	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
âaèhțnr	âaèhțnda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
îшtбqâNбír	îшtбqâNбír	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Mеagюúéúr	Mеagюúéúres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
óóã'dar	óóã'darão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
çbp-éar	çbp-ée	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
xNNâeênсfêer	xNNâeênсfêam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ūșūñNV'sár	ūșūñNV'sáste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zvbсēoóñsr	zvbсēoóñsdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
cȳlбfñбîivar	cȳlбfñбîive	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
tôjânóèueьar	tôjânóèueьe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
oòîMsbtóñr	oòîMsbtóñdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
țCòoæCwúuèar	țCòoæCwúuèemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
șcyjēoVlr	șcyjēoVlria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
сx·óüiïsar	сx·óüiïsáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Vmsьzбeīxar	Vmsьzбeīxuem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ȳqи'éïìèr	ȳqи'éïìèrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
oȳmîghNюur	oȳmîghNюuria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
 dăm-шñьṣdver	 dăm-шñьṣdja	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
gиy·ær	gиy·ærmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
dõīpсāsr	dõīpсāsdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
NшNèсúòr	NшNèсúòsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
út'Nâțér	út'Nâțéva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
āăîāõfómwmr	āăîāõfómwmr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
шсā·nnïõr	шсā·nnïõrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
-nmdиgīu·yor	-nmdиgīu·yuserem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
woêkîúpиīmar	woêkîúpиīme	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ьóî'êsMudær	ьóî'êsMudæras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
àaōràr	àaōràstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
bшïkgìōñãnr	bшïkgìōñãndo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
ífṣhxr	ífṣhxdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ōúeиcîCrter	ōúeиcîCrte	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
hNиăшkpçâбr	hNиăшkpçâбssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șpqè-·fr	șpqè-·fm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
áôãюòbar	áôãюòbei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
 u pi'écór	 u pi'écóram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
íüeàNȳjr	íüeàNȳjres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
jájèãā·îaюr	jájèãā·îaюrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ú'òdțeNr	ú'òdțeNria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
óшóqqíūr	óшóqqíūrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ūnṣāêMāúîr	ūnṣāêMāúîram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ōk-MVhefr	ōk-MVhefrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
açSebr	açSebda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
'ēçèôsьyòar	'ēçèôsьyòamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ēS-ànnñbir	ēS-ànnñbirem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
āêaсюàmæс'ibir	āêaсюàmæс'íbais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
i-'kṣmȳñmūr	i-'kṣmȳñmūsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
kàșyér	kàșyéva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñyăîșâīеr	ñyăîșâīеrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ьòīбâōjnțar	ьòīбâōjnțuem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
'Nyñxñár	'Nyñxñáras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
úôvhNCçar	úôvhNCçes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ifMüсr	ifMüсremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
săêmñ'âюar	săêmñ'âюemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ōîêvèòсr	ōîêvèòсrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
íõVūōr	íõVūōras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
īșcãòNcūd·ar	īșcãòNcūd·ei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
làȳêinyær	làȳêinyærmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
lбēòhòxyr	lбēòhòxyríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
ómõ-kèеюàr	ómõ-kèеюàs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
fñïīyèôvar	fñïīyèôve	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
yüe'беSìòar	yüe'беSìòe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
юChïеçьuar	юChïеçьuei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
бôīhkêá·war	бôīhkêá·we	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
cpīеMâôtиr	cpīеMâôtиndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ïïôājqr	ïïôājqr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
rcïccSyl'r	rcïccSyl'rá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
rbzăeсr	rbzăeсrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
cī'iadr	cī'iadríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
a'hdpìr	a'hdpìríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
èp·ȳțwovr	èp·ȳțwovrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
uMōìor	uMōìormos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
kбzórюbar	kбzórюbássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
frgihnêpNr	frgihnêpNram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ētõaêar	ētõaêásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'nb·ōær	'nb·ōæsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cg-dyxkr	cg-dyxkres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ūâìâyātеsur	ūâìâyātеsura	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
âàьáãptar	âàьáãptei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
сtç-figñur	сtç-figñur	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dсaóNxxīar	dсaóNxxīámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
 юбæñjéCSáar	 юбæñjéCSáou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
âîpāhMmr	âîpāhMmrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
'àkçбăxper	'àkçбăxpíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьāoю'ьr	ьāoю'ьrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ūaеNæo·r	ūaеNæo·rmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
еáoiūăâyēиr	еáoiūăâyēиrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
țебdtjюиar	țебdtjюиáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ūôïpdbafīr	ūôïpdbafīra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
CеâãшNèSă r	CеâãшNèSă ras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mē·èțjar	mē·èțja	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ṣgu·âer	ṣgu·âe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
suțggüȳr	suțggüȳres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
hzêíêâшsar	hzêíêâшsáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
gâurkcшcer	gâurkcшça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
îāāīíüvoar	îāāīíüvoei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
jvçrr·ăñhr	jvçrr·ăñhram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ôlèMиețær	ôlèMиețædas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
-cāātpõ-qvar	-cāātpõ-qvemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
èбáōwṣбüar	èбáōwṣбüáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bdMūvītr	bdMūvītr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ïüьiqããzțïr	ïüьiqããzțïrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ṣūdțvȳyиjàr	ṣūdțvȳyиjàr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
бáNьe-üôúēr	бáNьe-üôúēs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
æòóȳiráxér	æòóȳiráxéram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
k'rāãôï-pr	k'rāãôï-ps	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
êNxzkíkr	êNxzkíkdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
Vшьиюṣer	Vшьиюṣidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
vppăăõeîr	vppăăõeîria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
cvăóīïȳbr	cvăóīïȳbrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
íăklшNar	íăklшNássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nndacóăar	nndacóăuemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
si·çōôîfêbr	si·çōôîfêbreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ôȳȳnîóūăêtr	ôȳȳnîóūăêtr	V;NFIN;portuguese
aòîāwь·Mçar	aòîāwь·Mcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
бSf'ròôCar	бSf'ròôCe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ìvdrnzar	ìvdrnze	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
VïzaCēlr	VïzaCēlra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
wpã-úCēṣar	wpã-úCēṣem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xhеgciãVñr	xhеgciãVñi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
épó-ṣeōîar	épó-ṣeōîáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
 zșīшdr	 zșīшdra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ūșdthegear	ūșdthegea	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ēhïaȳсgóar	ēhïaȳсgóem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
j- hzqgțCȳar	j- hzqgțCȳue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
fuȳo aṣr	fuȳo aṣstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
s иtgar	s иtgem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ivюwàr	ivюwàr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
kōсînuáC'ṣir	kōсînuáC'ṣíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
gqçzеoipr	gqçzеoiprmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
txrюVVr	txrюVVrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
àю'mncar	àю'mnquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ṣêāîNjlr	ṣêāîNjlis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ü·Vaxçúr	ü·Vaxçúrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
rôyuó'r	rôyuó'r	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
șçñō·ȳir	șçñō·ȳís	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ôeoàșàṣr	ôeoàșàṣriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
jmqюxеūar	jmqюxеūou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
æzьxṣonr	æzьxṣonssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
îîfñūqsāar	îîfñūqsāássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
kjēȳñsCkìtr	kjēȳñsCkìtdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ьīC'jæouiêr	ьīC'jæouiêis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
âūæyьēæшю r	âūæyьēæшю ria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
 gțìNūgr	 gțìNūgrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
țèqòeюMr	țèqòeюMva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tóiõêășsçar	tóiõêășsçou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zȳïykì'nțr	zȳïykì'nțriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
dṣîúсēūìar	dṣîúсēūìemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
õgsãhcïàr	õgsãhcïàva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
jю çeqüf'car	jю çeqüf'ceis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
qvóuînîā'cr	qvóuînîā'cam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rmțē-ȳò-úôr	rmțē-ȳò-úôram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ēlCàòîsr	ēlCàòîsva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōñSejïеīir	ōñSejïеīes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
úgcpmìèMr	úgcpmìèMsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
VNrâеyç·r	VNrâеyç·rdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
òеăSwr	òеăSwria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
üóì'ôlàar	üóì'ôlàáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ìuáóçyxlnpar	ìuáóçyxlnpa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
óȳhvfcaēfar	óȳhvfcaēfemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
бfьwюȳâîxr	бfьwюȳâîxr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
rqăōôe'ad·r	rqăōôe'ad·sse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñсfсVVàuar	ñсfсVVàuemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
rȳèrèȳr	rȳèrèȳr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
aōôé'áīCс r	aōôé'áīCс reis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ï'șkæonjNâr	ï'șkæonjNâr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ãațî·ьryr	ãațî·ьryrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
āüwfCém·j·ar	āüwfCém·j·áveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zasæèār	zasæèādos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
kSVsșMír	kSVsșMírás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ṣüjшțеkúzțr	ṣüjшțеkúzțrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
xēíârr	xēíârndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
wèīāyìtr	wèīāyìtssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãāăиșydиr	ãāăиșydиjamos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
wïu'eqmueâar	wïu'eqmueâei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ãsсīõìr	ãsсīõìrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
юgínțr	юgínțdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
êóеaîhhăuüar	êóеaîhhăuüa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
gòviúpr	gòviúpram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
gèpбиlàr	gèpбиlàram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ūtmtvæ-ôîr	ūtmtvæ-ôîva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pVüūt èafbr	pVüūt èafbrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
tâиaæVmr	tâиaæVmsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qééaôr	qééaôr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
zăe'zr	zăe'zsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
peavī-r	peavī-rdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
 tăàīSеr	 tăàīSеr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qьüãьyqxr	qьüãьyqxríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
iūSиṣ r	iūSиṣ i	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
иеī'eïr	иеī'eïssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uaюkú-ȳwr	uaюkú-ȳwrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çãеviōr	çãеviōsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xējíōсюkücar	xējíōсюküquem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
doțóíāшr	doțóíāшria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
c'сașgir	c'сașjam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ñușj âar	ñușj âem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
бavбlg br	бavбlg breis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
okáeèjșìbzar	okáeèjșìbzou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ïcoēȳṣṣVr	ïcoēȳṣṣVs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
vüàfñì'r	vüàfñì'rás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ïïōăòChar	ïïōăòChe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
tuæeêиèbjcar	tuæeêиèbjce	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
zăqivar	zăqivou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
еèzīьtar	еèzīьtarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
mșMи ipjr	mșMи ipjr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
çиõdyr	çиõdyrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
еhōásõȳ'ér	еhōásõȳ'émos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
urșN-or	urșN-orias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
-óNugár	-óNugáres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
êíьyqiõșgбr	êíьyqiõșgбram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
gâúNCṣaüSr	gâúNCṣaüSrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
șnïìzixāCar	șnïìzixāCo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
üă'lcúñâīr	üă'lcúñâīram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
òеmîcpīr	òеmîcpīis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
êсâcóсkèfr	êсâcóсkèfres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
òjȳȳȳqñâсюr	òjȳȳȳqñâсюríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
șbçéVr	șbçéVrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
шqMé-ïïcóar	шqMé-ïïcóe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èéyNCeNșêacar	èéyNCeNșêaqueis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
țïCēțr	țïCēțsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
õçîSonir	õçîSonam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ūjq'сȳkàer	ūjq'сȳkàidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
шVcеш üar	шVcеш üámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
nxçṣбиqr	nxçṣбиqdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
iVсïçr	iVсïçríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ьеìlôr	ьеìlôrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
íyæs·yêr	íyæs·yêram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ájṣqhеr	ájṣqhеdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
a'éūêr	a'éūêriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
wшòeúçșêár	wшòeúçșêásse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шèȳüṣíīápr	шèȳüṣíīápsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
kmиSær	kmиSæm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
òoáhõr	òoáhõra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
æьiьejmōôSar	æьiьejmōôSues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
юсêṣêîar	юсêṣêîáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īõítăiar	īõítăiue	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
-oCuvōtVar	-oCuvōtVásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñCàüūüaar	ñCàüūüaáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣMsèāar	ṣMsèāem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
æïuшêюrâuær	æïuшêюrâuærás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
çtшțàôar	çtшțàôáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
mehîhāêwar	mehîhāêwássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zūóæеār	zūóæеādas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
mx сăàr	mx сăàr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
еèñāâtōêīr	еèñāâtōêīra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
jgācūir	jgācūamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
vṣkdmdaūr	vṣkdmdaūas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
gikNȳpeбòar	gikNȳpeбòes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
gãюàh-rîāar	gãюàh-rîāou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
-āáīșar	-āáīșem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ōriüïoăq -r	ōriüïoăq -ssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
égèiêñcoбzr	égèiêñcoбzrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
zõȳüoțuSxr	zõȳüoțuSxrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
wṣúCccããhr	wṣúCccããhssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
typeиúS-îюare	typeиúS-îюi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ôóyșбnC'ēre	ôóyșбnC'ēmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ìàăíúlrsi	ìàăíúlamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ț'mMюwюsrsi	mi ț'mMюwюsssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
òïеpȳre	òïеpȳvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
āõpс-gare	āõpс-ghiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ūîâqïlôare	ūîâqïlôerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ṣиxȳrrrsi	si ṣиxȳrrno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ьCkиāre	ьCkиāvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
èиüñшrsi	vi èиüñшste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ã éégõçoMīre	ã éégõçoMīssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
rzé-ü·re	rzé-ü·te	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
юêVиrf·îèèe	юêVиrf·îèèe	V;NFIN;italian
·ìōāñmnrsi	si ·ìōāñmnno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ktMūuxarsi	si ktMūuxerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ṣ'qNmīшârsi	vi ṣ'qNmīшâte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
Mēüșe-êиrsi	ci Mēüșe-êиssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
bfăuюare	bfăuюi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ăēz'hfêàbere	ăēz'hfêàbi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
gōbüVjàrñrsi	ci gōbüVjàrñmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
-liMеæfūVбre	-liMеæfūVбste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
uăиv'ï're	uăиv'ï'mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Mīî'aш arsi	ci Mīî'aш eremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
qàúCpnre	qàúCpnndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
èMkáVáare	èMkáVáa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
éȳõиúMãbṣăre	éȳõиúMãbṣăste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
țșеvlеsare	țșеvlеsiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
yêyâ'ôñ'fæere	yêyâ'ôñ'fæi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ñoNó-ôare	ñoNó-ôa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
-īfwȳêaxсrsi	ti -īfwȳêaxсssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
māêьuьbare	māêьuьbi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
cæ xbtï'uNare	cæ xbtï'uNhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
i·-ōșzre	i·-ōșzmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
сMюoăzüãбre	сMюoăzüãбvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
mxSșkrsi	ci mxSșkviamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
àúîzàvíбüare	àúîzàvíбüo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
hüàюere	hüàюei	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ȳiïеaéūæxбre	ȳiïеaéūæxбsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
cîṣā'ииíçare	cîṣā'ииíçerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
bбõMdre	bбõMdvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ṣjṣxxztȳire	ṣjṣxxztȳi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
сūôCьāīire	сūôCьāīivano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
úсúzgшșzēare	úсúzgшșzēerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ătómṣõюōgīare	ătómṣõюōgīerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
сkìáōúânksi	si сkìáōúânkono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
NCVbare	NCVbasca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
MьMшzюú-Nóre	MьMшzюú-Nóste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
jNămSVrre	jNămSVrnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
òMmțōéиrre	òMmțōéиrvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
bxсvîшrsi	vi bxсvîшste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
lfț-sьzare	lfț-sьzno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
agq-·țìãkéiarsi	vi agq-·țìãkéerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
õțqiăsrsi	õțqiăsti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
óàqṣuòre	óàqṣuònte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
sosaèșòéóere	sosaèșòéóate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sottoюVē'ь·ere	sorюVē'ь·iamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ēbьșüCâāre	ēbьșüCâāssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
àNêñшūvюăàare	àNêñшūvюăàiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
īîpceîre	īîpceîssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
īMmáṣâõase	īMmáṣâõasemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
âbvdñd'jțôare	âbvdñd'jțôino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
Voăçfre	Voăçfno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
yшòMóqшre	yшòMóqшssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
CшbṣnāzāCșre	CшbṣnāzāCșssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ēūttdklãkre	ēūttdklãkssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ьhéSzôare	ьhéSzôeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
leSьò vgersi	si leSьò vsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
zìȳãkmūjhère	zìȳãkmūjhèvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
õsôdg-êïrsi	õsôdg-êïtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ūüáeæúьeare	ūüáeæúьei	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
iqēk·rsi	si iqēk·sca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ūtшàìrare	ūtшàìro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
êūиñюarsi	mi êūиñюherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ṣlôæãçfe	ṣlôæãçfe	V;NFIN;italian
-юūсêăô'úare	-юūсêăô'úhi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
еиC ăìwăclarsi	si еиC ăìwăcli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
·ūvìwyarsi	ti ·ūvìwyerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
agfãcèSrsi	ci agfãcèSvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
șSāiSdarsi	ci șSāiSdiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
zîôьòêítõ-re	zîôьòêítõ-ssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
sí șgare	sí șgi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
еȳnàáre	еȳnàáte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
lVáàêюșбüarsi	si lVáàêюșбüò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
oеīíxfṣêúqre	oеīíxfṣêúqste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
иmēo re	иmēo vano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ítânryеV-сe	ítânryеV-сe	V;NFIN;italian
æètnærsi	si æètnævano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ñoūüæwõre	ñoūüæwõssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
oéâsMōс u are	oéâsMōс u erebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
gṣsóīrsi	vi gṣsóīste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
MVçâVhȳòre	MVçâVhȳòste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
olvīáòScèe	olvīáòScèò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
áōfhoñuănare	áōfhoñuăni	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
uèihăāéámre	uèihăāéámssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
fgtâшôokrsela	fgtâшôoktevela	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
y иwCrюére	y иwCrюéate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
īzwi'ăàшюre	īzwi'ăàшюvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
fîtCīæéqare	fîtCīæéqi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
üìíс áīăVcere	üìíс áīăVcano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
vznòúȳêrsi	vi vznòúȳêste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
zòçaшare	zòçaшerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ôьīáCюìpre	ôьīáCюìpto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
eàáèiсēō·are	eàáèiсēō·eremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
bCcoȳrsi	vi bCcoȳste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ècagzekécre	ècagzekécssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
sèihúrare	sèihúreremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
êōêсiCmarsi	si êōêсiCmherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
wNmïõkheuõare	wNmïõkheuõi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
hșūæсōre	hșūæсōste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
zmīñiarsi	si zmīñierebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
êuéí Nbõāóre	êuéí Nbõāóste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
aîē·uшâūare	aîē·uшâūerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
çīïjæúkámrsi	ti çīïjæúkámssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
Sòoaìúāare	Sòoaìúāerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
lioæzssrre	lioæzssrsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
dtdиôcare	dtdиôciate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
Vàòúhōшăi	Vàòúhōшăi	V;NFIN;italian
õuьæūòare	õuьæūòerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
îūSüüăre	îūSüüăvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
īțòmîеrsi	si īțòmîеccia	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
sбьpmõñware	sбьpmõñwi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
eMààVrsi	si eMààVsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
iòâñbarsi	ti iòâñberai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
rsvMsōaqsi	ti rsvMsōaqai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
иirzbçoôóaarsi	ti иirzbçoôóaerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
puéc'uoеre	puéc'uoеssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
Vшiíniarsi	ti Vшiíni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
çhãūîysóare	çhãūîysóa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
tâMçunlMfrsi	tâMçunlMfti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
uálțbare	uálțberà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
'aîxōare	'aîxōeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
àzuwcMérre	àzuwcMéca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
SCiìqare	SCiìqheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
dṣãpdõàliarsi	si dṣãpdõàliascano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
l·híCшñóe	l·híCшñóanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
kVèșpátèîare	kVèșpátèîo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
üșbèúăōoare	üșbèúăōoi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
Nveümiere	Nveümia	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ōеméoìеre	ōеméoìеmo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
pâãсṣlarsi	ti pâãсṣli	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
mVeæțюre	mVeæțюmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
îúṣìkūеrsi	mi îúṣìkūеvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
·eìèhēæșéóre	·eìèhēæșéósse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
 mzgaMre	 mzgaMndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
bjMhv īȳire	bjMhv īȳendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
țíбdlfare	țíбdlfa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
īéèșàNlю rsi	ci īéèșàNlю mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
üünuSюèșparsi	si üünuSюèșpettero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
бt hcrõиire	бt hcrõиite	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ьâNюCóáfcare	ьâNюCóáfco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ôàâțìMōēyrsi	vi ôàâțìMōēyste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
бMеaxxеare	бMеaxxеiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
üàâCúare	üàâCúeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ómîCбxxñpe	ómîCбxxñpai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
a āraolárarsi	si a āraolárhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ūьïámre	ūьïámva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ôсdmñîcare	ôсdmñîceranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
xēóôюōre	xēóôюōamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
cê·ñșêare	cê·ñșêerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
Cíd'úòïare	Cíd'úòïino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
võьêçVсțïe	võьêçVсțïebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
nțgс иre	nțgс иssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
Coélóãиcfre	Coélóãиcfto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
țbū'ü·jtéôe	țbū'ü·jtéôono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
Né'Nkjōшre	Né'Nkjōшtte	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ygVēyjre	ygVēyjmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Vú'ezwсre	Vú'ezwсvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
çȳíüsôșóèMiare	çȳíüsôșóèMerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
fȳбōсōæVhиare	fȳбōсōæVhиi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
сMüVyCógiñere	сMüVyCógiñe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ṣfdi re	ṣfdi vate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ȳáhūsñæàôCare	ȳáhūsñæàôCerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
бgáõ īoȳnôre	бgáõ īoȳnôttero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ȳmæéбre	ȳmæéбvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
wбūmdzkñMюe	wбūmdzkñMюai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ăncóțrāüбìare	ăncóțrāüбìerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ēáșшеh-arsi	si ēáșшеh-hino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
wīиpsryiare	wīиpsryerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
xăêókâbare	xăêókâberete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
vеgpюkărsi	si vеgpюkăsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
óîiūбíare	óîiūбíeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
шnōhṣáâюïre	шnōhṣáâюïnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
 útuxșare	 útuxșerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
pьȳbN-īkóșre	pьȳbN-īkóșno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
·pbâioare	·pbâioheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
rìqóbre	rìqóbste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ñVíubre	ñVíubndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
Mubеjòеie	Mubеjòеie	V;NFIN;italian
çșõpī'are	çșõpī'iamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ágünqîñæare	ágünqîñæa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
eèсāñьjl are	eèсāñьjl i	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
cíȳșēqæNшare	cíȳșēqæNшò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
üaíoсüçăVērsi	ti üaíoсüçăVēssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
çñēíyíòсersi	ci çñēíyíòсiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
tkbăîсN-ôre	tkbăîсN-ôvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
aqwïáarsi	si aqwïáno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ȳéõõúre	ȳéõõúvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
īgēṣvkre	īgēṣvkste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
úè nV'Vre	úè nV'Vnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
rșбțvūáaōe	rșбțvūáaōe	V;NFIN;italian
tàçсwôfdare	tàçсwôfdiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
jñòoSre	jñòoSndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
c-ôcьàîNare	c-ôcьàîNiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
h'ādxarsi	ti h'ādxi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
cūoma jàēyre	cūoma jàēyi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
æsCmюarsi	vi æsCmюiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
âxūz'uí-иòarsi	si âxūz'uí-иòò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ēác'VoьCiare	ēác'VoьCeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ōṣиțvațúre	ōṣиțvațúte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ăāōwMzcìíe	ăāōwMzcìíono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
jьvúyMzhre	jьvúyMzhi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
biюxkjшãāre	biюxkjшãāva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
юì'vcòlrsi	si юì'vcòlvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
сgpìmre	сgpìmto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
èvâzcare	èvâzceresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
éyzиеóātīere	éyzиеóātīo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
òò·ìȳzVȳâșre	òò·ìȳzVȳâșssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
īvnqîzìágre	īvnqîzìágsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
grôȳбïigere	grôȳбïatto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
agqīõíõȳaare	agqīõíõȳaa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
еúe-àșm·ñre	еúe-àșm·ñvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
îljkșe	îljkșe	V;NFIN;italian
юoбbеbàre	юoбbеbàvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ôdynăare	ôdynăiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
mwtâsíçòdare	mwtâsíçòderemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ȳdееxșúbṣиrsi	ȳdееxșúbṣиti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
шijsîșfușrsi	ti шijsîșfușsci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
'paaúgêre	'paaúgêvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
Nîqvdare	Nîqvderei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ævNuóéèire	ævNuóéèa	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
úgVnhre	úgVnhnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
gāhep·шare	gāhep·шo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
 nòâVиiȳrCare	 nòâVиiȳrCerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
șièìūare	șièìūerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
иçíuьâiare	иçíuьâi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
scCьzuāVre	scCьzuāVndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
hSиôuïṣóyõare	hSиôuïṣóyõo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
юéiîútȳere	юéiîútȳiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
áfétюiare	áfétюerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
hьóçṣêwarsi	si hьóçṣêwino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ttaCókîūсиare	ttaCókîūсиa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
üwlSóhēe	üwlSóhēebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
-ïVсîare	-ïVсîerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
NêCȳMūeūôre	NêCȳMūeūôi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
сăüúшCçïoCare	сăüúшCçïoCi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
aprãòhre	aprãòhssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ñM·ю·rsi	ci ñM·ю·ssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
еp·ìçare	еp·ìçò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
бáшïиïó'arsi	ci бáшïиïó'iamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ïfàióōīre	ïfàióōīsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
zacnVlшsсdre	zacnVlшsсdvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
xjqшèqmVúêersi	ti xjqшèqmVúêrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
Ssȳбzzilàrsi	ti Ssȳбzzilàssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ōCkwgázā·íe	ōCkwgázā·íete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
btăé·éqVāre	btăé·éqVāamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
wçvеære	wçvеæva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
qfțpēdgare	qfțpēdgheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
kàìuíșñшcre	kàìuíșñшcste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
иеæêôáyare	иеæêôáyiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
bérìCwpære	bérìCwpæssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
vénеtêïôre	vénеtêïôssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
brьṣâcarsi	si brьṣâcerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ãiüühîwne	ãiüühîwnebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
V-ēáSrpxare	V-ēáSrpxerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
сyfțьюôïtõe	сyfțьюôïtõe	V;NFIN;italian
·ñóībèsi	si ·ñóībèono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
mjеìèñire	mjеìèñiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
v-ōēStâăe	v-ōēStâăe	V;NFIN;italian
gèïīvsrá'e	gèïīvsrá'ò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
twìhțvā·ōnre	twìhțvā·ōni	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
æâbmñéбq·еre	æâbmñéбq·еte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
юêíMîonersi	vi юêíMîorreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
pàñooãеoæïarsi	mi pàñooãеoæïerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
htrṣiãare	htrṣiãerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ícîwțre	ícîwțvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
òсōîçüaarsi	ti òсōîçüaerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
NīVīìcaare	NīVīìcaeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
sьuсñMre	sьuсñMvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
юēbsāшìyșēe	юēbsāшìyșēe	V;NFIN;italian
ăôáiVìãxrsi	si ăôáiVìãxva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
uudsìȳV·uSarsi	mi uudsìȳV·uSherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
âóèCôre	âóèCôvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
dætсfgțgre	dætсfgțgvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
'igãșqсïere	'igãșqсïevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
Cmūțzōbúâíiare	Cmūțzōbúâíi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ñбōâwàarsi	ti ñбōâwài	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
nCșólèàшre	nCșólèàшvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
îюhēdíūṣ'lere	îюhēdíūṣ'glia	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
hсijbqōràVare	hсijbqōràVò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
Vṣb fçiarsi	si Vṣb fçii	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
șæàиk are	șæàиk ereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ãvūtțiīre	ãvūtțiīvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
jç âSCbíóìarsi	vi jç âSCbíóìereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ààmãgCújMīre	ààmãgCújMīno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
Sóïșṣçôt·cre	Sóïșṣçôt·cto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ȳæсēèmôrsi	ȳæсēèmôto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
èюtãámæșare	èюtãámæșhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
āōibãre	āōibãi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ьбеáæ jсare	ьбеáæ jсerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ōñíōüiiâærsi	vi ōñíōüiiâævate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
VáôNsyṣarsi	ti VáôNsyṣasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
āñôțīãe	āñôțīãò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
niиvțēlrre	niиvțēlrvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
țсf-hēuóôare	țсf-hēuóôa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
сMìṣìūшюare	сMìṣìūшюiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
àьégõkñṣṣare	àьégõkñṣṣerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
qMdeæye	qMdeæyebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
-óшțSVíáare	-óшțSVíáerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
dïækáare	dïækáherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
kiiăãore	kiiăãoate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ib·țdkēare	ib·țdkēerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
euwañțrsi	si euwañțno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
qyóсēm iсare	qyóсēm iсi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
rNr'àēo·gare	rNr'àēo·gi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
páíîçqæñre	páíîçqæñte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
kăVīNnȳare	kăVīNnȳhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
dșeăzorsi	ti dșeăzovi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
NiCõē rsi	mi NiCõē ssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ybеqkrla	la ybеqksce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ciсgwSòre	ciсgwSòsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
zCüNà·óqriare	zCüNà·óqri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ăōNшṣrsi	ăōNшṣtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
xòtăl-re	xòtăl-mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
țêpdiSâqggare	țêpdiSâqggino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
gìlȳōm'íiūare	gìlȳōm'íiūo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
xeazSNбævare	xeazSNбævò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ãqhéwīpíSare	ãqhéwīpíShiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
oCb ț nиre	oCb ț nиva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
mțiiNшьaüfare	mțiiNшьaüfi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ăkuȳpāare	ăkuȳpāi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
iïюgtvígiare	iïюgtvígiino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
yzæṣèNye	yzæṣèNyai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
bVóūbyqare	bVóūbyqhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
õьzódă·rsi	vi õьzódă·ste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
aàīpcāīюsîarsi	mi aàīpcāīюsîi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
vçtísȳguare	vçtísȳguheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
aāææîvбüe	aāææîvбüe	V;NFIN;italian
есbCṣīzare	есbCṣīzerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
úigôy'ūare	úigôy'ūerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ypșæîare	ypșæîiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
еȳk·'yxare	еȳk·'yxeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
awиṣíìlṣre	awиṣíìlṣsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ôxēooșñеcõrsi	ôxēooșñеcõtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
æçñumxìvyure	æçñumxìvyussero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ôúюüìg'nȳpare	ôúюüìg'nȳpo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ьCсxpre	ьCсxpte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
iьqhNш áre	iьqhNш áste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
-t·ūêățюgare	-t·ūêățюgerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
càdüсăбare	càdüсăбerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ōæèáōe	ōæèáōono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
jââwnțàúarsi	ti jââwnțàúhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
mīìțòçzæMñare	mīìțòçzæMñi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
æïkhxæ rèere	æïkhxæ rèano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ēțṣbcvñ'are	ēțṣbcvñ'iamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
șïpьūNre	șïpьūNnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
sēбáсyьre	sēбáсyьte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
êсyшsôprare	êсyшsôpreranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
xõMnȳçlȳhkre	xõMnȳçlȳhksti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
axeîíîèṣ-are	axeîíîèṣ-erete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
hьríngliersi	si hьrínlsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
xâțṣare	xâțṣate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ьь·áțfbx·rsi	ci ьь·áțfbx·vamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
-íèjêdre	-íèjêdamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
-gçüfãîare	-gçüfãîi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
б·'úpzrsi	ti б·'úpzvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ègqбàüиre	ègqбàüиsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ză-Móare	ză-Móino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ьïàoNsre	ьïàoNsssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ṣõméw-èïlnre	ṣõméw-èïlnvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
бсșшьïèóiarsi	ti бсșшьïèóeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
vôüóúūmkvjre	vôüóúūmkvjva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
vãy'Cūrsi	ci vãy'Cūmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
àõîx-tьere	àõîx-tьa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
jópăācūīre	jópăācūīte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ââāçzre	ââāçzre	V;NFIN;italian
еūeçȳæȳê re	еūeçȳæȳê mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
àVCiáâȳNüāre	àVCiáâȳNüāssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
l'eãaсбarsi	si l'eãaсбerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
zеnõryṣèere	zеnõryṣèano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
eēȳtSre	eēȳtSvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
cсóúnre	cсóúnvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
epilàçṣrsi	epilàçṣtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
úèсîqjèūæare	úèсîqjèūæo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ïīyáîre	ïīyáînte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
șîóaçsi	ti șîóaçai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ābõāêe	ābõāêanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
rêqșdaéьSõre	rêqșdaéьSõamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
çățюș·aore	çățюș·aovamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
jæâàà cărare	jæâàà căriamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
țCõìãoère	țCõìãoèvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
иryæbâre	иryæbâste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
v-wàqre	v-wàqte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
süāqșgere	süāqșso	V.PTCP;PST;italian
õиoшăиìшre	õиoшăиìшmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
êSāíaéüïware	êSāíaéüïwa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
lltbwuīzēdare	lltbwuīzēdiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
íțñ-hüôzrsi	si íțñ-hüôzssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
xâC'áеCre	xâC'áеCssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ôzēzèьare	ôzēzèьiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
rísapюêrsi	ti rísapюêvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
pVбюuzçrsi	si pVбюuzçsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
lējīиre	lējīиndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
wāfbиnare	wāfbиnino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
çjgeșlиñúlre	çjgeșlиñúlvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ïdñaSrsi	mi ïdñaSvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
èïṣuēáшȳæeare	èïṣuēáшȳæeiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
eiéàșre	eiéàște	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
țūõymre	țūõymssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
áeãfzre	áeãfzte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ñìoqçàñсre	ñìoqçàñсno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
·nïaváxjre	·nïaváxjte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
шăyeâre	шăyeâste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
șúôșюîisare	șúôșюîisi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
șeçsMбṣ-are	șeçsMбṣ-iamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
æcìíāxȳkare	æcìíāxȳki	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
cfāñïCțre	cfāñïCțte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
é'címțSCare	é'címțSCiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
·ь'ūdtqre	·ь'ūdtqvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
áhæ-ásmátèe	áhæ-ásmátèe	V;NFIN;italian
íæí'ìre	íæí'ìvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
êinñie	êinñiemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ñāhïôīopare	ñāhïôīopereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
zīqnïpare	zīqnïpherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
Shīṣèíсúîñre	Shīṣèíсúîñmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
çиеaævô're	çиеaævô'sti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ūìzиcmæC·are	ūìzиcmæC·o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
mCvyьñæe	mCvyьñæebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
æivṣèú-àe	æivṣèú-àono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
vábьиre	vábьиvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
еăhшçrsi	si еăhшçno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
qbàèwre	qbàèwmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
сṣoôôôVîre	сṣoôôôVîste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
 eșȳgюéæȳre	 eșȳgюéæȳssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
Cāюecmmettere	Cāюecmettano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
lõgikaṣre	lõgikaṣno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ьеx'иare	ьеx'иeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
rídиõúVelare	rídиõúVeliamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
Mиūēȳúvtrsi	si Mиūēȳúvtva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
șfzjîcõīCre	șfzjîcõīCndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ōi·myōòìdare	ōi·myōòìda	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
qoēúmьre	qoēúmьto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
sиêеюare	sиêеюi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
еюīcíïare	еюīcíïeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
éytòôbș-are	éytòôbș-iate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ь·ȳ·îwìoòàre	ь·ȳ·îwìoòàamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
iwvéòvsțīre	iwvéòvsțīssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ozíōéSāre	ozíōéSāi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
õâ sloîare	õâ sloîerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ș'c'țēăâbиare	ș'c'țēăâbиerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
бúôáo·are	бúôáo·herebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ьVюă·èàvбīare	ьVюă·èàvбīa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ìjâ'бwuōVõre	ìjâ'бwuōVõa	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
'шīîoõшare	'шīîoõшa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
dãâsă·iare	dãâsă·i	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
wvmbvīêre	wvmbvīêmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ăôôMfīblmre	ăôôMfīblmvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
wñlṣțbbre	wñlṣțbbva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
swȳSbare	swȳSbi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ējoik·are	ējoik·eremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
íñüaȳç-rsi	si íñüaȳç-vano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
âïúț-jarsi	ci âïúț-jiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ьçpjwre	ьçpjwvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
jáēă-ебçãбre	jáēă-ебçãбssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
tüüi·re	tüüi·ndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
zzíbсuqe	zzíbсuqono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
æīì·kare	æīì·kerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ȳiēíеm'rsi	mi ȳiēíеm'ssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
īúyìaíсare	īúyìaíсo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ãīogCnvüьūarsi	ti ãīogCnvüьūerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
úéñtó·ursi	ti úéñtó·ussi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
SMăèkre	SMăèkvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
bvúbēшVjre	bvúbēшVjmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
CzS țre	CzS țste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
шbȳvôncáãиere	шbȳvôncáãиiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
Mиêюàere	Mиêюàa	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
òdô·Nhare	òdô·Nherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
aìõȳíâcjсare	aìõȳíâcjсerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ãágюīàüsíare	ãágюīàüsíhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
úSVkdêmre	úSVkdêmva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
-Sïljtarsi	ti -Sïljti	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ăïtvü'e	ăïtvü'e	V;NFIN;italian
bṣиecoūāersene	se ne bṣиecoūāano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
шȳìmCē ēsиere	шȳìmCē ēsиi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
hzéieuéïсre	hzéieuéïсndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
uçhūádéīçere	uçhūádéīçi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
tñãídjare	tñãídjerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
tсòdàòбi	tсòdàòбi	V;NFIN;italian
hьzçí·Cre	hьzçí·Cva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
âèyhìílеare	âèyhìílеerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
èsx· jōrsi	vi èsx· jōste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
uêüeáеlbSre	uêüeáеlbSvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
юbбwòб-шkare	юbбwòб-шkerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
i'lîюare	i'lîюi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
шñmêèānшîēiarsi	vi шñmêèānшîēereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
nnăбrvare	nnăбrva	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
 çсьxrsi	mi  çсьxssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
iьсеòiȳérsi	ci iьсеòiȳéssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ïoq-érсoó-ere	ïoq-érсoó-o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
țюlījNnеare	țюlījNnеi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
aòæVoūMare	aòæVoūMò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
țìcâūwyeare	țìcâūwyei	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
'óșjôare	'óșjôhi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
țv·amòăre	țv·amòăvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ūzшquNire	ūzшquNivo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ñăāhlèare	ñăāhlèeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
rãюсșèmüare	rãюсșèmüerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ò·āCV'áēêgre	ò·āCV'áēêgste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ñiìȳwòñióire	ñiìȳwòñióisce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
àсúãqèțăarsi	mi àсúãqèțăerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
īmèhíшxсre	īmèhíшxсte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
bnàōсeMe	bnàōсeMai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ñSî uéare	ñSî uéerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
áê'ãkgere	áê'ãksero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
íòácumere	íòácumiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ō'șvtMеàāórsi	ō'șvtMеàāócentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
țшg·āoarsi	si țшg·āoò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
óh 'иãêare	óh 'иãêerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
șссmæbnеbgre	șссmæbnеbgto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
wüāṣțiâVæòarsi	si wüāṣțiâVæòino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ítãayare	ítãaya	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
Mașlиfédare	Mașlиféderei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
àtțlsjñеenare	àtțlsjñеeni	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
·țaшâêware	·țaшâêwheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
éīõàêúõre	éīõàêúõsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
iü'âñūfōre	iü'âñūfōnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
çюóüáre	çюóüásti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
îèătcuïare	îèătcuïerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ï- sSare	ï- sSiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
șCScêVre	șCScêVscono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
исáūññdCсare	исáūññdCсerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
kíéāuбarsi	ci kíéāuбeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
éèoīyāVre	éèoīyāVmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
àdNbazàre	àdNbazàssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
oē íuM-re	oē íuM-ssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
cúkеïare	cúkеïherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ēpàqóare	ēpàqóhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
сpbìúiêarsi	ci сpbìúiêeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
țrбêqMâre	țrбêqMâvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
iCȳCjñțNare	iCȳCjñțNiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
aSæãàīārsi	si aSæãàīāssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
wsoéyñkære	wsoéyñkæssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ïjȳïiṣde	ïjȳïiṣdono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ápgāyééxre	ápgāyééxste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
zâșțáre	zâșțásti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
lбqnzțlêre	lбqnzțlêcevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ndșhõszre	ndșhõszvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
iìcMrîônêȳre	iìcMrîônêȳmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ōêéōòãSuare	ōêéōòãSui	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
fxеVwíre	fxеVwívano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ãçéMшzȳē-irsi	ãçéMшzȳē-imoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
āS юș-arsi	ci āS юș-iamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ūtwubnrsene	se ne ūtwubnsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
MūmCzșire	MūmCzșivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
еâséāyere	еâséāye	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
géбvvie	géбvviono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
iìMȳvare	iìMȳvheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
·M·úqwьe	·M·úqwьe	V;NFIN;italian
æăiNkare	æăiNkerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
yjsêére	yjsêémmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ecó-mçmãCre	ecó-mçmãCsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
k·ēțбare	k·ēțбherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
-áиh'æîōéìrsi	si -áиh'æîōéìvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
xògilNt-õæe	xògilNt-õæemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
'șd·xnre	'șd·xnvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
·MáNеre	·MáNеvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
·ïàoümшare	·ïàoümшo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
lăCzümoôare	lăCzümoôerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ziьīrNïarsi	si ziьīrNïa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
сfiьïиe	сfiьïиai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ūbò à are	ūbò à iamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
dààâōúxnwre	dààâōúxnwi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
īиñuōísanïare	īиñuōísanïereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
àîfțṣăüarsi	ci àîfțṣăüeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
pâȳpwhôarsi	si pâȳpwhôeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
țwàшūçre	țwàшūçva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
igïlCiãáübre	igïlCiãáübsca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
țêșmStūre	țêșmStūvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
éеãêüre	éеãêüte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
vâçbõbьrsi	mi vâçbõbьssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
óu'еüèȳarsi	si óu'еüèȳa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
wиmú-vrci	wиmú-vnteci	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
úñ·āójâSóe	úñ·āójâSóete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ṣéVçéшõюre	ṣéVçéшõюi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
æîímgюиdêre	æîímgюиdêste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
üõîyîiôere	üõîyîiôiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
âát ūpãiare	âát ūpãi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ṣíēȳdsre	ṣíēȳdsnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
u'èhbwarsi	ti u'èhbwerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
çōfvuсьlṣre	çōfvuсьlṣte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
VMV'юsиre	VMV'юsиsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
иcușōre	иcușōno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
utxṣïre	utxṣïssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
gïMuêõqîCMre	gïMuêõqîCMnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
vàбtrsre	vàбtrsste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
-țrêigdre	-țrêigdto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
jpūеòoxâre	jpūеòoxâmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
сюkúüre	сюkúümmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
épwàșííæVare	épwàșííæVerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
fшéīxïpoêêrsi	mi fшéīxïpoêêi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
àïu çõare	àïu çõerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
bбoôtüāære	bбoôtüāæno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ç·õciS-ere	ç·õciS-i	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
upбuāõâab'are	upбuāõâab'i	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ōdãxkre	ōdãxkrono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
bïïīhóсe	bïïīhóсei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
țMô·hējlqe	țMô·hējlqe	V;NFIN;italian
lüjèêfimre	lüjèêfimto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
xxzūìūvoüare	xxzūìūvoüo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
dálké-cre	dálké-cva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
-zôVV-fóеare	-zôVV-fóеerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
îVúíū·îbèâre	îVúíū·îbèâto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ktí-we	ktí-wete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
jiéuáobéсrsi	jiéuáobéсto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
zêé' 're	zêé' 'ste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
kacāànere	kacāàrrei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
omhèêtиkare	omhèêtиkò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ēíюīecuóre	ēíюīecuómmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
vaсoōàMre	vaсoōàMi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
gȳá'Væsîшrsi	mi gȳá'Væsîшsco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
  èбMõcârsi	vi   èбMõcâte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
Cnшjfncбe	Cnшjfncбò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ōlkí'pVī'-re	ōlkí'pVī'-nte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
сsqȳvиāșȳre	сsqȳvиāșȳmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
MìrMī're	MìrMī'ssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
 ñrbisarsi	si  ñrbisno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
úqúьcōntsire	úqúьcōntsente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
 fçōMhare	 fçōMherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ñṣăuóqyk'iare	ñṣăuóqyk'erebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
eMiï-iwbxere	eMiï-iwbxrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ylmdìíīSòre	ylmdìíīSòmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
 kvòêíxígere	 kvòêíxígono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ìüáîpSérre	ìüáîpSéngono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ībîVюókre	ībîVюóksca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
wṣaúb idere	wṣaúb endano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
leàьиe	leàьиebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
dюō·Sre	dюō·Ssse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
eüzéáfre	eüzéáfi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
șîèеúere	șîèеúeate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
úüpàеare	úüpàеi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
pjâ àȳüüre	pjâ àȳüüvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ьh'шarre	ьh'шani	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
óūtoсlóa arsi	si óūtoсlóa eranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
xò-óõre	xò-óõndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
еáțôшīūpiare	еáțôшīūpi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
юȳúиățare	юȳúиățerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
lMmîqre	lMmîqno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
 ăēēCdюțere	 ăēēCdюțuto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
àьiïwâtòere	àьiïwâtòesse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
óawîюñiare	óawîюñerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
swïüpuñarsi	vi swïüpuñereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
êevșúrsi	vi êevșúste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
бьpõpre	бьpõpssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ï·иâpâéare	ï·иâpâéa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
lïqīsиàç'wre	lïqīsиàç'wmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Siōaãwce	Siōaãwce	V;NFIN;italian
șhēîьíè re	șhēîьíè vano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ūăkwkare	ūăkwkerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
îōîzæqиare	îōîzæqиerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
tyьgéòîniare	tyьgéòînerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
éюMãCbvmre	éюMãCbvmste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
āmt'ȳșwsб'are	āmt'ȳșwsб'erebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
pиwõsàlaSюiare	pиwõsàlaSюi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
p āюwdòæære	p āюwdòææva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ypmyțòçãiarsi	mi ypmyțòçãerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
òīièăaīaõre	òīièăaīaõndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
reklñșȳiàṣre	reklñșȳiàṣsca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
qhшyNṣkjre	qhшyNṣkjsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
xãSîôare	xãSîôerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
Vîçæāare	Vîçæāo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
àôâ'grsi	mi àôâ'gi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
õṣnVîre	õṣnVîva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
eīpìwwșrare	eīpìwwșra	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
fdmăôlàșærsi	vi fdmăôlàșæate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
kêìïсïòênre	kêìïсïòênvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
éCãddôșhére	éCãddôșhéndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ṣètCqæīúrsi	si ṣètCqæīúscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
țuáсkçre	țuáсkçi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ãinôălare	ãinôăleranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ñó·æm re	ñó·æm ste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
üçêíūqáre	üçêíūqássi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ñiowære	ñiowæte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ōCfósNiăícsi	si ōCfósNiăícanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ūьbMere	ūьbMeto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
òțuāșre	òțuāșste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
xбюōüïvāre	xбюōüïvāvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
īțṣnìvre	īțṣnìvste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
șlzbNôre	șlzbNôvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
zCrбxшêNe	zCrбxшêNete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
uеîvCì·шăîrsi	ci uеîvCì·шăîmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
tòSxȳre	tòSxȳndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
șevgqèūMàsare	șevgqèūMàsi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
úôiíwȳîzсюi	úôiíwȳîzсюi	V;NFIN;italian
·iucnrsi	si ·iucnssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
uyôfhюre	uyôfhюste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
mṣæàSiúīSVrsi	vi mṣæàSiúīSVste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
uáșâMñhóiare	uáșâMñhóeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
 ūjūgare	 ūjūgiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
еhбèM șeáiarsi	si еhбèM șeái	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
çér·Mare	çér·Mhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
mюиșnóeиi	mюиșnóeиi	V;NFIN;italian
qóījòrsi	qóījòtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
îzMïсre	îzMïсva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
füròиьare	füròиьiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ṣnбæMâēhòrsi	ṣnбæMâēhòntesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
hxï'tõāiarsi	si hxï'tõāi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
vgõăūoúèare	vgõăūoúèhiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
aüg Sióíсiare	aüg Sióíсi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ìṣgïôеïare	ìṣgïôеïerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
átrrșáxàücare	átrrșáxàücherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ьhшáuoçеre	ьhшáuoçеndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
dеиjg-Veōsi	ci dеиjg-Veōemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
Vēgü-ñôqüare	Vēgü-ñôqüiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ăāaoktare	ăāaoktherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
xvxrSôьe	xvxrSôьono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
óēãNbNuūlare	óēãNbNuūleremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
üшecьare	üшecьino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
Ciîбsбṣoare	Ciîбsбṣoeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
õïMíore	õïMíossero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ôqeidиare	ôqeidиiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
cNāáàvkjиxiare	cNāáàvkjиxi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
wüāMòare	wüāMòi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
-úâōhñāăîre	-úâōhñāăînte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ílиCьüdarsi	ílиCьüdiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ãêkбVшñre	ãêkбVшñsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
 àwmlюbCsrsi	si  àwmlюbCsno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
țrôgcjarsi	vi țrôgcjhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
euoô-bājìcre	euoô-bājìcmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
pgigSare	pgigSiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
peyсãȳme	peyсãȳmanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
òrmüóíæîæúarsi	si òrmüóíæîæúeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ìizшrMkpare	ìizшrMkpò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
üêīțôõóṣéare	üêīțôõóṣéò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
сã юьersi	si сã юьe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
zmñnõôíMære	zmñnõôíMævano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
gōüeaīōúòиre	gōüeaīōúòиnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
jи·ziüe	jи·ziüete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
êçюìăw-șare	êçюìăw-șò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
üçиczCèrarsi	mi üçиczCèro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ț rșшv-ìare	ț rșшv-ìino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ūāèNãre	ūāèNãte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
hюcõîre	hюcõîi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
iïdwîṣōskare	iïdwîṣōski	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
Sgăymyīarsi	ti Sgăymyīi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ógógdбyșare	ógógdбyșherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
sVfdíre	sVfdíssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ūuṣekюvüȳrsi	vi ūuṣekюvüȳste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
léíímюtkеre	léíímюtkеssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
yăyüòàare	yăyüòàhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
сgzìqri'шre	сgzìqri'шte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
îī·țquçare	îī·țquçeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
yuôuò-arsi	ci yuôuò-eremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ewüñюõhrиnare	ewüñюõhrиnereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
tedbi- re	tedbi- ste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
nkōjòre	nkōjònte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
āī âdtṣtjre	āī âdtṣtjvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
'í'qиmīsürsi	'í'qиmīsüto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ȳjçílб-çre	ȳjçílб-çndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
vь·kțVôuare	vь·kțVôuerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
vsșfūæfe	vsșfūæfe	V;NFIN;italian
ew·îcwrsi	ci ew·îcwvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
õ·шôæksi	õ·шôæksi	V;NFIN;italian
shçcãyìô·are	shçcãyìô·eremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ódMpbiuqCre	ódMpbiuqCte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
c-ü-jõarsi	si c-ü-jõino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ræòvúmīgre	ræòvúmīgssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ìpSh-ére	ìpSh-éva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
bîôScMâare	bîôScMâerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
jMeîtgCюrsi	jMeîtgCюndosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
üōlrāacVre	üōlrāacVte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
xgbțăqēârsi	vi xgbțăqēâte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
æíбèôãare	æíбèôãereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
háéyāâôèjarsi	si háéyāâôèjerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
Nȳslеиéõirsi	ti Nȳslеиéõi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
vиçú·arsi	si vиçú·erebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
nьâìçшôre	nьâìçшôi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
m wMr-bsi	si m wMr-bebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
Cueíīz-yare	Cueíīz-yi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
Máñ·êVtare	Máñ·êVtiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
îòṣêâírsi	si îòṣêâísse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
cь'NăāCōre	cь'NăāCōno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
țwídj'eéìrsi	vi țwídj'eéìvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
fсăiSшòărsi	fсăiSшòătevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ycjòá··ēíare	ycjòá··ēío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
 rìysarsi	si  rìysi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
îtșVmwvare	îtșVmwveranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ăgï'ăzí-ire	ăgï'ăzí-ii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
êáSîvSje	êáSîvSjono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
сôqCsNȳōre	сôqCsNȳōmo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
adwōNеare	adwōNеereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
N·yNṣre	N·yNṣssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
jútüсîïre	jútüсîïvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
èfâюrúãṣare	èfâюrúãṣerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
еpspìūre	еpspìūsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
 ūnn-àțe	 ūnn-àțe	V;NFIN;italian
īșîōtre	īșîōtssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
N ·îșde	N ·îșdeste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
yoеïàãwиȳare	yoеïàãwиȳi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
oьàìyre	oьàìyamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Süеōôюeaṣōare	Süеōôюeaṣōeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ășēеñêVoāñare	ășēеñêVoāñeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
õç'eâ·xíțe	õç'eâ·xíțono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ìõâNtиcmьfarsi	si ìõâNtиcmьfò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
țswȳoîṣūre	țswȳoîṣūi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
sīáòьgere	sīáòьse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ūphNìèúre	ūphNìèússero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
úá-ìyMkïre	úá-ìyMkïste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ægīMюrsi	vi ægīMюvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
yōț'ofñNare	yōț'ofñNhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
tqNõâcare	tqNõâchi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ōàăqVare	ōàăqViamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
àеoūfkare	àеoūfkino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ïcmqбre	ïcmqбnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ïcṣjṣõiarsi	ti ïcṣjṣõeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
oьóиkúzersi	ti oьóиkúzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
MCьīȳNâòre	MCьīȳNâòvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
xñzîCçs·arsi	si xñzîCçs·herebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
iôïSmare	iôïSma	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
fbwfáwбare	fbwfáwбi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
xшlwюçCïzсre	xшlwюçCïzсnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
шwMьnшware	шwMьnшwa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
dèsmVNvюjmre	dèsmVNvюjmnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
 -cShCïȳnjiare	 -cShCïȳnji	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
çmnxāSæahersi	ci çmnxāSæahiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
fúMáâarsi	ti fúMáâeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
eñæfrиre	eñæfrиste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
бãtqōñsz·Viare	бãtqōñsz·Verei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
īēșūìare	īēșūìiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
nznôysi	si nznôyà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
șсíêюьи'jre	șсíêюьи'jva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
õñümuшre	õñümuшsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
òrêeõuure	òrêeõuuvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
Vàirюwбüșürsene	se ne Vàirюwбüșüva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
éòбиfaare	éòбиfaerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ôюxúețṣ'иMre	ôюxúețṣ'иMvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ьqg·yōarsi	ti ьqg·yōi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
áoьrиâarsi	ti áoьrиâeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
êVNiīōиyūæere	êVNiīōиyūæo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
üṣxāVbțbôoare	üṣxāVbțbôohi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ȳēóæиȳjre	ȳēóæиȳji	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
úțrV-áarsi	vi úțrV-áhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
çqsaсre	çqsaсvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
nmàîrhroиare	nmàîrhroиerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
юNòuéVhsi	si юNòuéVhanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
atçvpí're	atçvpí'vo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
fíúèïбúсãеre	fíúèïбúсãеssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
бkшáózlMсSare	бkшáózlMсSiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
üCrehuīrsene	te ne üCrehuīvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
·iâoæ·èfre	·iâoæ·èfno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
weoíspz 'are	weoíspz 'ereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ïoșæюvSviersi	vi ïoșæюvSviiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
Meá·àìkrsi	ci Meá·àìkvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
úVfñCăMīâre	úVfñCăMīânte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
üбaюïeīñrsi	üбaюïeīñti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
muôóòjkvrsi	si muôóòjkvvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
 g'qVdrsi	ti  g'qVdssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ziáòbfàmmбre	ziáòbfàmmбmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
Ntāüóekîyüre	Ntāüóekîyüte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
lōqеúdre	lōqеúdsca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
êșykgre	êșykgvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
üãMēVo re	üãMēVo to	V.PTCP;PST;italian
uàēçdre	uàēçdssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
еoòõnNсNūre	еoòõnNсNūvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
țèííīâūñjare	țèííīâūñjeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
áсzqbōoòèérsi	áсzqbōoòèétevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
úlãrSrsi	ti úlãrSssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
m-õâVeìюare	m-õâVeìюa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
V'ryūçsi	si V'ryūçono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
еȳȳzț'ṣàèóare	еȳȳzț'ṣàèóhiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
еqôàoîMüш'are	еqôàoîMüш'a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
údiюôre	údiюôssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ríkăfṣre	ríkăfṣmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
wюxțüre	wюxțüste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ìibçōãre	ìibçōãamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ьgêūāxare	ьgêūāxerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
aсьõȳciarsi	ti aсьõȳcii	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
fczcSôre	fczcSômmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
āúaõõīre	āúaõõīsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
bpțîãôváSеarsi	si bpțîãôváSеi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
и 'fnkиrre	и 'fnkиnevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
Súôьāāecêjare	Súôьāāecêja	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
óæ uèбìre	óæ uèбìssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
oȳāzêpz·cîare	oȳāzêpz·cîeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
hlïxõçōsțVrre	hlïxõçōsțVcevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
Seáéìjî éarsela	mi Seáéìjî éo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
rēcóãáre	rēcóãássi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
pwãюwzpiare	pwãюwzpi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
Nlïhòüьare	Nlïhòüьerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ãăбMbrMеõórsi	si ãăбMbrMеõóva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
bCxșw èhirsi	mi bCxșw èho	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
wȳvlñhke	wȳvlñhkete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
tórìáwàьīare	tórìáwàьīerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
àîsïNare	àîsïNa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
iugшVyare	iugшVyeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
nhCțȳrsi	nhCțȳti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
юáñēábșбțere	юáñēábșбțiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
vôüvē-rsi	mi vôüvē-vo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ãìîьèúòre	ãìîьèúòmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
țōkàxwôyre	țōkàxwôyvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
i-æêfṣuêīare	i-æêfṣuêīiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ю·éóȳèarsi	si ю·éóȳèi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
dṣèōñre	dṣèōñssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ūtṣhfăбCēarsi	si ūtṣhfăбCēino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
bãñdíæqi	bãñdíæqi	V;NFIN;italian
'àȳkyșMare	'àȳkyșMerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ȳēôVzü-e	ȳēôVzü-ebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
wdeóьre	wdeóьto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
Vlgdcgnire	Vlgdcgrremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
zNâēqzóēje	zNâēqzóēje	V;NFIN;italian
șãȳāūбMare	șãȳāūбMo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
mxfьбNiare	mxfьбNi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ūVrïïre	ūVrïïvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
lîí țre	lîí ți	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
èdo'kăxce	èdo'kăxcebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ūбækьhàózarsi	ti ūбækьhàózi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ázaCzre	ázaCzmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
jōlmãtirsi	si jōlmãtì	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ițMbñeohсare	ițMbñeohсhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
aшèfьvāre	aшèfьvāsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ñmēNьxgfare	ñmēNьxgfi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
óàbūkxozqare	óàbūkxozqerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
êôьsââăpare	êôьsââăperebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
dvgéțèrюāīre	dvgéțèrюāīssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
VoūMeòare	VoūMeòi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
sçõìȳre	sçõìȳmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
egNбoóăzre	egNбoóăzssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
иSfnьșсire	иSfnьșсindo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
õMtyеMсшre	õMtyеMсшvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
âõēõbȳēvare	âõēõbȳēvherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
rpSюēadrsi	si rpSюēadssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
tèеîïiñare	tèеîïiñereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
wrmfvíü·vCre	wrmfvíü·vCto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
eVóбòwvrákrsi	vi eVóбòwvrákste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
âfézVāqsare	âfézVāqsiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
apyoSre	apyoSvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
șoиjmvyare	șoиjmvyerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
S·wèbbare	S·wèbbhi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
·șChjgȳeMre	·șChjgȳeMte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
á-qcúxáеrsi	si á-qcúxáеvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
еōçьеṣãbre	еōçьеṣãbmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
lvfîñnre	lvfîñni	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
шêūl·ēmñycare	шêūl·ēmñycerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
âõàōî úare	âõàōî úiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
Ntăṣâapüre	Ntăṣâapüno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
aõMôrrMȳèCarsi	aõMôrrMȳèCiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
vNwṣxre	vNwṣxte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
kmь бrsi	ti kmь бvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
uCSáēūиáhre	uCSáēūиáhte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
țchìme	țchìmeste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
nfuāgzrre	nfuāgzrssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
âCêȳtüèsi	mi âCêȳtüèò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
a eêwuiare	a eêwui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
eãCSv'ìōre	eãCSv'ìōssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
çșṣбlre	çșṣбlvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
üюx·áбre	üюx·áбscano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
Sсțyюșuenire	Sсțyюșuieni	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
pȳcSțóсsi	ti pȳcSțóсresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
mvōãîūhèécrre	mvōãîūhèécni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
wvswṣõiqare	wvswṣõiqiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
dæêvúre	dæêvúmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
Cīсnțбūiarsi	si Cīсnțбūi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
qṣṣaïmarsi	ti qṣṣaïmerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
-xv-āVьòfcare	-xv-āVьòfceremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
M шeiṣjeăare	M шeiṣjeăino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ăaь·ēââïèæe	ăaь·ēââïèæanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
îomìb yсare	îomìb yсo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
óS сеare	óS сеo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
еñoбícxābare	еñoбícxāba	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
æṣSèìCre	æṣSèìCste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
īurhăhçpare	īurhăhçpi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ouqælCjībre	ouqælCjībssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
иьgбijare	иьgбiji	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ïиíêîaj-ьéare	ïиíêîaj-ьéo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
sqāNȳare	sqāNȳno	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
Nô-ōешçsarsi	si Nô-ōешçserà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ìéfīêüñçîrsi	ti ìéfīêüñçîvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ndrēьóere	ndrēьóiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
īìhyиersi	si īìhyиranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
jōdNdrre	jōdNdrto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
 éïCăre	 éïCăsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
CCórhaбúuore	CCórhaбúuossi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
iôélktūare	iôélktūherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
шеwēgétarsi	mi шеwēgéterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
dēpvnre	dēpvnmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
-ūúæȳàre	-ūúæȳànte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
çNyC Cõtçare	çNyC Cõtçerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
èшôínxgarsi	mi èшôínxgo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
òdăòăw·иūīe	òdăòăw·иūīebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
yhkakōь·ōkere	yhkakōь·ōka	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
lṣéēcvălìfre	lṣéēcvălìfte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
jеjfюsi	vi jеjfюete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ṣìșlábãú èdere	ṣìșlábãú èse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
kbūfjwòkre	kbūfjwòkmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
yiuníMijrsi	yiuníMijti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
MMuàa ymèñe	MMuàa ymèñe	V;NFIN;italian
ì  ю ãMare	ì  ю ãMno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
èòю rеãìóñre	èòю rеãìóñssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
lãhāõjyêóiare	lãhāõjyêói	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
yf  eVṣõâre	yf  eVṣõâvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
trmzawufrere	trmzawufra	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
īpãă iyare	īpãă iyerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
îueáú-iюl	îueáú-iюlilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
юȳōīg-n-t	юȳōīg-n-tele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
oevîeòs	oevîeòșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
·șyȳïr	·șyȳïrei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
сcēṣсd	сcēṣсzii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
winșâеde	winșâеzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
иiеSmēșSfi	иiеSmēșSfeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
șüSōwxpüă	șüSōwxpüele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
üîьnьîïiăe	a üîьnьîïiăe	V;NFIN;romanian
ш üVìãc	ш üVìãc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
Mōóèâțüryi	să Mōóèâțüryești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
kбāе ībūura	kбāе ībūoară	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ééoóîSььõNă	ééoóîSььõNă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
âhsáççìe	niște âhsáççìi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
úúīāиSüți	a úúīāиSüți	V;NFIN;romanian
sòñиNæюōi	a sòñиNæюōi	V;NFIN;romanian
îz'kșãSa	să îz'kșãSați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
zfôe'vjêсare	niște zfôe'vjêсări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ámhāæaște	ámhāæscuși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
еūôṣì'rcta	să еūôṣì'rct	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Sюá·êa	Sюá·êarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
f üшàáāшVe	f üшàáāшVea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Vjòïēhvărea	Vjòïēhvar	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
rNeôViójga	rNeôViójgează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ózènSycu	ózènSycu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ānьțjwèbuu	ānьțjwèbuu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ēсNófi	să ēсNófească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ôíīșēūțaōr	ôíīșēūțaōrurilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
çxhюúkṣõSa	çxhюúkṣõSarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
xìôìиīāx	xìôìиīāxele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
·èиhpòe	nu ·èиhpòeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ææeóybVôa	ææeóybVôe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
nūp--ȳòăa	nūp--ȳòăarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
wêțæòlwús	wêțæòlwúși	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
бîíqxdèpāgи	бîíqxdèpāgисешь	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
yȳcьtMhmda	yȳcьtMhmdam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ãîșqábōa	ãîșqábōasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
úiеïèzāeg	úiеïèzāegul	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
âūèlāa	âūèlāați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
úîbvșàfSée	niște úîbvșàfSéi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
oq'ãkсиqæde	oq'ãkсиqæseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
lūìбMs	lūìбMase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
skMóüíă	skMóüíelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
klьüzȳæzn	klьüzȳæzna	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ïñMȳzçàii	să ïñMȳzçàiiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
áбgqxi	áбgqxește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
áāī'ṣrȳfa	áāī'ṣrȳfam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ăíiuCúyēoa	ăíiuCúyēoat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ūîșеàuhеàl	ūîșеàuhеàlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
сüūpиSìi	să сüūpиSìim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
óbVejêüãSă	óbVejêüãSelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
-üúâçñçkji	-üúâçñçkjisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
șìūüîqīūa	șìūüîqīūași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
șqvhñüa	șqvhñüai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
cSlVnêV-xi	cSlVnêV-xiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
иwæьNsCi	иwæьNsCit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ēçfnpā-i	ēçfnpā-iți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ázauuêūāi	ázauuêūāiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
V'cuțșиòōe	V'cuțșиòōile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
tkdiеôstīa	a tkdiеôstīa	V;NFIN;romanian
vM·p'ēCьṣín	vM·p'ēCьṣínule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
шxìròpxēōa	шxìròpxēōase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
íсhrgèyàdi	íсhrgèyàdiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
òuúēсdçсôgc	òuúēсdçсôgcilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ñòōеpьa	ñòōеpьaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ūūñuō'шa	ūūñuō'шaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
иmhâSii	иmhâSiirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
çeNrïõCn	çeNrïõCnurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
geõãșkâüōta	geõãșkâüōți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ṣlCcâtbsa	ṣlCcâtbsau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
юò'büi	юò'büiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
mzьsăjmükōa	să mzьsăjmükōți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
āSpïúe	āSpïúile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
áõúьpjgбi	áõúьpjgбește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
odüăòíVa	odüăòíVezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
еdrVèi	еdrVèeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
юohôțNa	юohôțNați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
țеюkãôúūoa	nu țеюkãôúūoați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
æīà-wșon	æīà-wșonilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
бw··îd	бw··îde	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
úmnsçg'o'i	nu úmnsçg'o'iți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ēțcfSwõīāa	a ēțcfSwõīāa	V;NFIN;romanian
éиеSge	nu éиеSge	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
 ìсõMtîba	 ìсõMtîbaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
·n'f'òlāa	·n'f'òlāă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
wæ-ãf·rps	wæ-ãf·rps	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ñczōèae	să ñczōèaem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
grazúõȳa	grazúõȳași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
Vñcеăx·wti	Vñcеăx·wtim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
éwèébīсjьãa	éwèébīсjьãau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
шmьcȳiawvñi	шmьcȳiawvñiam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ēúfkãsî	să ēúfkãsăști	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
vVèâôjíбi	să vVèâôjíбiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
sVеēța	sVеēțați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
somàеïhnúțVìambul	indefiàеïhnúțVìite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
páȳьzpge	páȳьzpseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ьfūNōSxtūi	ьfūNōSxtūeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
Sugâçòa	Sugâçòați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
Cpnì'Nq'kv	niște Cpnì'Nq'kve	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
híá woa	híá woând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
upyypбe	upyypбând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
шæișxríòōa	шæișxríòōam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
fеláīă	niște fеláīe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
 ōóūàюg·fa	 ōóūàюg·flelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
uaеïьcș	uaеïьcșelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
músCșNqMe	niște músCșNqMi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
nñèxïьVguáv	nñèxïьVguávei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ьzàôæCșn	ьzàôæCșnelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
hméăgōkuāpi	hméăgōkuāpim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Veîāslta	Veîāsltaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
шc·āzzeюti	шc·āzzeюtiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
bæïgȳxéæòa	bæïgȳxéæòai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
·Mçìç'Vîta	să ·Mçìç'Vît	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
mеtnюõãwe	mеtnюõãwseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
īNbrìțиãSfa	să īNbrìțиãSfeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ìCkbièc	ìCkbiècule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ü·óсàúa	ü·óсàúai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
âȳõïqțиçșe	unei âȳõïqțиçși	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
sшbșb-i	sшbșb-ii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
clăăúx'õ··a	claăúx'õ··ă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ūVõCç ȳi	ūVõCç ȳilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
órVbVăwjшga	órVbVăwjшgat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
MюaбVēиqa	MюaбVēиqaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
 úSōôtmãza	 úSōôtmãzași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
еá'ìua	еá'ìuând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ūsMī jvjaa	să ūsMī jvjaați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ô'бõêrêtl	unui ô'бõêrêtl	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
òlсîõțüqtōc	òlсîõțüqtōce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
wcüNbl	wcüNblul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
xçuïyc	xçuïycilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
hïaиcõț	hïaиcõților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ȳ-lăîíōõa	ȳ-lăîíōõând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
áéșóòefjêg	áéșóòefjêgilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
īüàюüṣa	niște īüàюüṣle	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ãсNV-õàиaāa	ãсNV-õàиaāi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
-ioiübāьa	-ioiübāьăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Mbtеȳȳuqìt	Mbtеȳȳuqìte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ēyțmюs	ēyțmюs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
éеpбêahoci	éеpбêahocilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
сíVбèütāt	сíVбèütātelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
õārpCd òce	õārpCd òpseserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
еzēèSduoūōea	еzēèSduoūōind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
fæqïȳиVàMìă	fæqïȳиVàMìelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ñi oиc	ñi oиcele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Síшсisеsãa	Síшсisеsãau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
í-c ṣñīă	unei í-c ṣñīe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
çæuèCháxn	çæuèCháxnilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
cpyrüõa	cpyrüõarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ăugȳèôt	ăugȳèôților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
êlzàlêVcбqga	êlzàlêVcбqagă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
иṣățlüqюstr	иṣățlüqюstrei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
vC'vēcvān	unui vC'vēcvān	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
okhṣìn	okhṣìnilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
бoīaсȳибkt	unui бoīaсȳибkt	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳ·úmсa	ȳ·úmсând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
āoNæxNfюcNa	să āoNæxNfюcNezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ȳlVīánăêa	ȳlVīánăêau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
CtC·еa	CtC·еați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
dahțpṣțVuă	dăduhțpṣțVuă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
fjūțōa	fjūțōași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
b ìd-сçm	b ìd-сçmilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ìșugzCx-c	ìșugzCx-cul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
qçеyōn	qçеyōn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
hNȳæüpшzoиne	hNȳæüpшzoиn	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Mm'tqьòúdge	Mm'tqьòúdseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ú ñbkunшсde	să ú ñbkunшсzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
иiȳõcmxàшиi	иiȳõcmxàшиiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ююsșNêda	ююsșNêdarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ábgkïю'lă ame	să ábgkïю'lă m	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
'daïȳa	nu 'daïȳați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ôьkьбă	ôьkьбelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
zmNhqyçânqa	zmNhqyçânqa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ôfxtícáēa	a ôfxtícáēa	V;NFIN;romanian
șñôvēеkéea	șñôvēеkéeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
юeînzSa	nu юeînzSați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
qnáюkma	qnáюkmați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
æюüaíсa	æюüaíсarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ăgyuьçi	ăgyuьçim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
üikēNnc	üikēNncele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
NîCòèюca	să NîCòèюc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
vedì·ṣțсüàa	văzusì·ṣțсüàrăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
țīèâemîi	să țīèâemîesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
lиjшút	lиjшútului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
êсíqúmúa	êсíqúmúă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
Sșãæeüna	Sșãæeünasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
êбqdáMāеee	unui êбqdáMāеee	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
wūūvNșêòna	wūūvNșêònase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
eюéCVj	eюéCVjelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
kțnșnúa	kțnșnúaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
шàgõír	шàgõírule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
f'jõȳēyьābda	f'jõȳēyьābați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
Mpиēîūīaa	Mpиēîūīaam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
syêô-fn	syêô-fnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ābьṣcvVSvă	ābьṣcvVSvelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
küsōūííāă	küsōūííāă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ōuțCgшr	unui ōuțCgшr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
íowSvàæm	íowSvàæmurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
óüȳaṣwāCa	óüȳaṣwāCa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
pzбózdāate	pzбózdāățile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ónȳòāMюuâa	ónȳòāMюuâați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
иfhеédi	иfhеédiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
шâ'ōôa	шâ'ōôă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
bgqçñúiózge	bgqçñúiózserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
kêēNáe	kêēNáeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
-broàājшSa	să -broàājшSăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
jSjюæôoșьie	să jSjюæôoșьii	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ēúîVNMd	ēúîVNMda	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
îjāòȳçrgCæs	îjāòȳçrgCæsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
zúsjhvțfu	zúsjhvțfului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
õșzwõьā Sçe	õșzwõьā Sçeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ăūlüȳóūzjсare	ăūlüȳóūzjсările	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
mõ·Sṣōde	mõ·Sṣōd	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
lсwioōd	lсwioōzii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
vṣVàpúãæa	vṣVàpúãæasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
țиdézșïă	țиdézșïelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
fèdȳôúce	făceèdȳôúu	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
îūșdsa	a îūșdsa	V;NFIN;romanian
ãkklt qCe	ãkklt qCe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
cît'ṣñççt	cît'ṣñççturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ā'óqmkbxia	ā'óqmkbxia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
eoâreăna	să eoâreene	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
aāMюxṣïa	aāMюxṣïă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
'iïcdrūbñța	'iïcdrūbñțează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
иVzȳиṣбrāă	иVzȳиṣбrāilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
āyscma	āyscmarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
aīáțūêéc-i	aīáțūêéc-ești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ьшj-Smăêīe	ьшj-Smăêīeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
Vиūpzqìa	Vиūpzqìați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
óșfzāl	óșfzālului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
șбáqсăâā-a	șбáqсăâā-arăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ó țúmïs	ó țúmïșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
gStсxycl	gStсxyclele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
eVrāSz	eVrāSzi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
vziōюïl îNi	vziōюïl îNim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ēxzcbsrb	indefinite articulatiēxzcbsn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ìoюVṣ'îbеṣc	ìoюVṣ'îbеṣcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
écaôăïa	să écaôăïez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
lébțya	lébțyați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
àóéôñéôMe	àóéôñéôMând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ñlscṣwaqiți	ñlscṣwaqițind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
çgtàēpбõNdi	çgtàēpбõNdeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
faeūæi	să faeūæești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
mṣāèõìюți	mṣāèõìюțeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
sãomsюa	să sãomsюe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
èăvõmktсāшi	èăvõmktсāшea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
lămñ-īukcți	lămñ-īukcțeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
 ówjṣāsюNVe	 ówjṣāsюNVuse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
faceеbēênúsæóâx	făcuseșiеbēênúsæóâx	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
urèăgīōa	urèăgīōați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
юbwеūt-a	юbwеūt-am	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
yȳēiéãюãçxa	yȳēiéãюãçxa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
'ínñmr	'ínñmrelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
'kMâléa	'kMâléai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ôшVNnyюâqíi	să ôшVNnyюâqíiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
юțsmuīw ne	юțsmuīw sese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
бCiãnôñēxka	бCiãnôñēxkaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ê-ьșôi	ê-ьșôesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ìugqьsel	ìugqьsel	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ôs'f yãNa	nu ôs'f yãNa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
бgūēwvă	бgūēwvă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
kōāj'īe-sgi	nu kōāj'īe-sgiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ürюgbtеCde	ürюgbtеCseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
yō-êia	nu yō-êia	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
coacсюgīòe	cucсюgīòu	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
lïgkīCjètêi	lïgkīCjètêiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
joиșăêãkêi	să joиșăêãkêiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
æшàyôñNsi	æшàyôñNsiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
roāбиéamăt	roāбиémetele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
âzìw-èr	âzìw-èrelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
zеNăōōesa	zеNăōōesară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
gīïõçíuеe	gīïõçíuеilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
õSюô'īNсVc	õSюô'īNсVcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
sîêáNânătă	unei sîêáNinete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
S-сdțe	să S-сdțem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ñçNdüț-aCVa	ñçNdüț-aCVai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
Nxòiguāawi	Nxòiguāawiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
-Cсбvōa	-Cсбvōaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
véiMVSîMl	niște véiMVSîMli	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
xиtuōMyfi	să xиtuōMyfești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
āñc'esoúшút	āñc'esoúшútul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
юbwī·n	юbwī·nul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
uupюṣze	să uupюṣză	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
āïqūțyâflade	āïqūțyâflsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ïïàdиȳralèt	ïïàdиȳralèților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
āóшbdügêNi	āóшbdügêNise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
V·dqиă	unei V·dqиe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣșüaõãa	ṣșüaõãarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
vjfăfí-e	vjfăfí-em	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
юsțâàïafa	юsțâàïafă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ieéõVMySmi	să ieéõVMySmiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
jéȳиôēi	jéȳиôēim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
kü-üMî-·ūüe	kü-üMî-·ūüe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
õyaсea	õyaсeă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
íwiécci	íwiécceau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
æōæhxi	æōæhxiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
íçïьúōlбāja	a íçïьúōlбāja	V;NFIN;romanian
àìpuCūfMеa	să àìpuCūfMеe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
àqqhiьṣca	să àqqhiьṣci	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
èæMòbi	èæMòbește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
âȳVōaṣa	âȳVōaṣară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
bșègdfVc	unui bșègdfVc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
kpxscâбn	kpxscâбnelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
rkçlōl	rkçlōl	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
-æ vи ás	-æ vи áse	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
fa·ōVa	fa·ōVaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
dȳеádãe	dȳеádãea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
udóȳdáîīșsa	udóȳdáîīșsă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
xьààțniydt	xьààțniydt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
țfeæáеxi	țfeæáеxeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ușfțówsi	ușfțówsi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
æșdwьa	æșdwьaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
VjīCanNfбa	nu VjīCanNfбa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
pæônei	pæôneesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
pṣçdMãuthădă	niște pṣçdMãuthede	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
 'qñēwr	 'qñēwarele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
āôbē б'i	āôbē б'isem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
oсбNșvtg	oсбNșvtgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
īеwșеïaște	īеwșеïscând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ṣVNõãàеkàMe	ṣVNõãàеkàMilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ьédâȳe	nu ьédâȳe	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
àæíòṣkíqюçe	àæíòṣkíqюçilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
àшȳī'исac	àшȳī'исcilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
âõшvqíãceue	âõшvqíãceuui	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
țyṣãzæe	țyṣãzæind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
canadiìūh'wan	defiìūh'wnite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
шсúè·bdi	шсúè·bdește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
 msìțte	să  msìțt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Svz's-ūaxi	nu Svz's-ūaxi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ôàl·бíSõNāi	ôàl·бíSõNāește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
-ïôȳшa	-ïôȳшară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
·gzxêzõqr	unui ·gzxêzõqr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
óȳăèæóăi	óȳăèæóăi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
eьændîōa	eьændîōă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
sãgàès	sãgàèsă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ō'qõãú't	ō'qõãú'tului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
twïuñcb a	twïuñcb a	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
kaóçbæufa	kaóçbæufătuserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
c'nôōáic	c'nôōáicilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ēmîбïà·pti	ēmîбïà·ptiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
bízrсēòx·ud	bízrсēòx·udelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
òȳõlzhшla	òȳõlzhшlând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
jgS-fиш·i	jgS-fиш·eau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
üṣămlMṣăīi	să üṣămlMṣăīim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Mæãi·иl	Mæãi·иla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
éoṣcïāçîr	éoṣcïāçîrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
șīeṣшxCăi	șīeṣшxCăirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ìæegсu	unui ìæegсu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
иiu-ti	иiu-tim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
y·Nшêíl	y·Nшêíla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
fxăvêSüSæn	fxăvêSüSæne	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
'еñséM-i	'еñséM-iați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
òkêNăi	nu òkêNăi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
büюьNâбîсi	să büюьNâбîсești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
șV ăm-jnêïa	șV ăm-jnêïași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
dVusaă	unei dVusae	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ofkèеlue	ofkèеlue	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
jwòdóèsшe	nu jwòdóèsшeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ăkékăóиā·a	ăkékăóиā·ați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
çșamCxe	çșamCxile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
õōqsaNìàei	õōqsaNìàeim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
'ïēțdïâáéCa	'ïēțdïâáéCași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
râōб·еéеa	a râōб·еéеa	V;NFIN;romanian
fāüūíNă	unei fāüūíNe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ôMmwbсswèa	ôMmwbсswèaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ápnzvеōьēe	ápnzvеōьēe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ōãă·üăe	ōãă·üăle	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
õăMaæñțêăne	õăMaæñțêăseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
æôjeüVuōèta	æôjeüVuōètași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ēcūqîa	ēcūqîași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
múшóaãáa	a múшóaãáa	V;NFIN;romanian
íòrahãla	nu íòrahãlați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
Vdæ-óe	Vdæ-óe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
CCmūrv i	CCmūrv esc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
rçãéȳqçāl	rçãéȳqçālele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ãüivjña	ãüivjñam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
zèôbñwiȳa	zèôbñwiȳaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
иgеzlōâSi	иgеzlōâSiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
шțjgéea	шțjgéând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
èsçïNе'âñă	èsçïNе'âñelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
 Sagбōàșēe	 Sagбōàșēeți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
īvиșkшa	īvиșkшaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ьюīȳêæa	ьюīȳêæase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
wīêиxMctéēărea	wīêиxMctéēari	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
kwzg·еīa	să kwzg·еīăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
rïíuīnü'õe	rïíuīnü'õilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
mCxfkvïs	mCxfkvïase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
éōóæeâțcày	éōóæeâțcày-urile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
dsеuéсúèác	dsеuéсúèác	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
tșеajSюa	tșеajSюând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
kúãșьбxt	kúãșьбxtule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
i·ьṣdūdt	i·ьṣdūdte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
jrac fgb·fî	jrac fgb·fâseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ṣjvîиt	ṣjvîиte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
t-tșȳr	t-tșȳr	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
шшéoxSṣõqi	шшéoxSṣõqeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
 'ã-ōxôôáçi	 'ã-ōxôôáçiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ãblujVm	ãblujVmele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
nõïîiìiõs	nõïîiìiõsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
óсkeсôáMnñs	óсkeсôáMnñsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
sñrqfăă	sñrqfăele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
àăсãīсшcage	àăсãīсшcaseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
êtí modl	êtí modlelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
qdSæșиãn	qdSæșиãn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
âkçqèțçbt	niște âkçqèțçbturi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
CdspíèhòCMe	CdspíèhòCMa	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
íșáuиea	să íșáuиee	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
òñāiwūa	òñāiwūarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ãíevēìălda	ãíevēìald	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
rēuēvi	rēuēveați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
õúñaàjăi	õúñaàjăirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ütéïuumò-de	ütéïuumò-sesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
xșCārCūīNāa	xșCārCūīNāați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
Nșïñēiía	să Nșïñēiíe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
úxb-pīzæa	să úxb-pīzæăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ám-joòîxăüc	ám-joòîxăücule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
véeigóāêa	véeigóāêară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ìéòèxji	ìéòèxjeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
jēîàōêda	jēîàōêdau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
wôõloïæüìa	wôõloïæüìează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
Māâсtãvi	să Māâсtãvim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
oби-oăиska	să oби-oăиskea	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
vîțæáhjva	a vîțæáhjva	V;NFIN;romanian
uеîиmôȳgNa	nu uеîиmôȳgNa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
àuãúōôaшêga	àuãúōôaшêgți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
â·Mw'sxíi	unui â·Mw'sxíi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
îmmírhôьga	a îmmírhôьga	V;NFIN;romanian
nyāшSpô-s	nyāшSpô-s	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
î-úõwvt	î-úõwvt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
iăâSôka	iăâSôkaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
úuââсs	úuââсsa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
bCe-gNõra	să bCe-gNõrăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
сăpôàvîæi	сăpôàvîæești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
bmíșòoãi	nu bmíșòoãi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
èésgâ·īja	èésgâ·ījase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
иdшVfíe	иdшVfíilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ибиqiшa	să ибиqiшți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
zfíóbpc	zfíóbpci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
юvòM'z	юvòM'ză	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
mtxsSlēga	mtxsSlēgară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
iá иṣa	iá иṣarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
çVшóàāō'l	çVшóàāō'li	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
pòeapāác	pòeapāáci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
īfèojébî	īfèojébăsc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ṣâiññțиf иr	ṣâiññțиf иrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
'éêdьyymphi	'éêdьyymphii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
 tnúèVi	 tnúèViai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
áMSèшñubài	áMSèшñubàise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
иãìxã·kāi	nu иãìxã·kāiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
véyvvVóu	véyvvVóul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
шūv·cnțòшi	шūv·cnțòшirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
iāVàxmîaîi	iāVàxmîaîirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
âóшgy'kq·éa	să âóшgy'kq·éeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
êш-nсюúate	niște êш-nсюúăți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
Stóòāюa	să Stóòāюez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ïnēьōNe	ïnēьōNea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
юaòîwāíaptă	юaòîwāíptelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
õxgçjn'Mvṣe	õxgçjn'Mvṣilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
сngpNcêæți	сngpNcêæțește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ïṣgеâьȳi	ïṣgеâьȳiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
 aиsêa	a  aиsêa	V;NFIN;romanian
aеaõwèюCs	aеaõwèюCasă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
Nqóсnăși	Nqóсnese	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
eeàjvc	eeàjvc	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
NiMеsæçi	NiMеsæçit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
сьaеmNüиṣț	сьaеmNüиṣțe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
èg ViõsSāea	să èg ViõsSāă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ămīzõ·qlt	ămīzõ·qlt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
păшvtrmшиMa	păшvtrmшиMați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
иèìanCæ s	иèìanCæ ase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
êçóêīCNālă	êçóêīCNālă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
íïgml-eеūyst	íïgml-eеūyștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
áçȳpzzwgMōa	áçȳpzzwgMōaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
īcî xfútșur	īcî xfútșuri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
hūüuúi	hūüuúește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
 nсțeáan	 nсțeáenei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
áюNшȳíăòa	nu áюNшȳíăòați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ïюjúеóîcīg	ïюjúеóîcīgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ēMkCãfCeéáă	niște ēMkCãfCeéáe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
āшōñgm	āшōñgmei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ьbïbеsюșâs	ьbïbеsюșâase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
zniшииōììsc	zniшииōììști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ñïéíșüSūàa	ñïéíșüSūàai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ṣNōtbïze	ṣNōtbïzilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
údmqóái	údmqóáeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
-сюâȳóãem	-сюâȳóãeme	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ôьmqrçюi	ôьmqrçюeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
īêãeìl	īêãeìlurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
bшóqôêīyõpa	bшóqôêīyõpând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
sūcôóțīa	să sūcôóțīezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
шfшdôиṣu	шfшdôиṣilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ó·eṣбçêMn	ó·eṣбçêMnule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ògnaō·óțæa	ògnaō·óțæarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
-çāáюиăqi	-çāáюиăqesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
еõCrȳavt	еõCrȳavtei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
Sî'Sâks	Sî'Sâksului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ñïwïêNyNii	să ñïwïêNyNiim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
dVháwi	dVháwiește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
rCsylиṣăs	rCsylиṣășilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
çèàōoíîîãui	çèàōoíîîãui	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
cюMȳpckCa	să cюMȳpckCăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ãüâñkpa	să ãüâñkp	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
бюvqиāpôiюș	niște бюvqиāpôiюși	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
êȳēMzôr	êȳēMzôrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ejé'юrюé di	ejé'юrюé dise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
'  ȳiMă	'  ȳiMilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
vóôáбūãdua	vóôáбūãduat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
îьеaȳwюàсi	îьеaȳwюàсeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
lCсюhṣa	lCсюhṣă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
üăwtîps	üăwtîpase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
wōȳīòе-aua	wōȳīòе-aui	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ârиôūnhvc	unui ârиôūnhvc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
īēé'tr	īēé'trului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
sюrNVçìăpa	sюrNVçìapă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
pāsăka	pāsăkai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
æād·îīSu	niște æād·îīSi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
údM  Czênfde	údM  Czênfserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
hiáælu	unui hiáælu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
oшeíçCnȳa	oшeíçCnȳași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
 шиóæīCshe	 шиóæīCsheai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
dtgāшïrú'ă	dtgāшïrú'elor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
faü-zfïóm	faü-zfïómele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
бaêôéшеa	бaêôéшеând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
çbìfúSõеja	çbìfúSõеjați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ïNekjçNsu	ïNekjçNsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
'jàешiéM'a	'jàешiéM'ați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
æjăâbóșce	æjăâbóșseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
zьшtшdõōancă	zьшtшdõōencele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
áôеñōCa	áôеñōCai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
NíбïiuVçj c	NíбïiuVçj ca	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
êoxvCi	să êoxvCiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
Mе-fpūæi	Mе-fpūæesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
íшuSzVyn	íшuSzVynii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ūôșȳā'üūa	ūôșȳā'üūaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
Cîpgōái	Cîpgōáit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
êăügóMr	êăügóMri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
dâиьêe	să dâиьêă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
iernîohssgjūc	definite articulîohssgjūon	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
zhãdèyi	zhãdèyiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
pâú'ăNe	pâú'ăNeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ìșzMюfare	ìșzMюfrurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
fæòâūeni	să fæòâūină	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
v ȳóméNNyòna	să v ȳóméNNyòn	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
çyãсțādôyr	çyãсțādôyri	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ïkdíēaи iă	ïkdíēaи ielor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ãtиâòi	ãtиâòeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
lkCṣâuce	lkCṣâu	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
òūopM·'éânt	òūopM·'éintele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ṣсqàüícga	ṣсqàüícgezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
 сū jNa	 сū jNam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
õyæmān	õyæmānul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
rnMNjă	rnMNjele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Nmæîāa	Nmæîāezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
aàôlóña	aàôlóñând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ãVеюvȳșare	ãVеюvȳșărilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
șṣ'èbni	șṣ'èbnesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ãêïCVâuеiye	ãêïCVâuеiyând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
úñāūãa	să úñāūãe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ṣkuuòȳìñca	ṣkuuòȳìñcă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
Vюxzyă	Vюxzyilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
âìqôisa	âìqôisezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ьhhõtãqi	să ьhhõtãqiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ñȳējюш·aíбe	ñȳējюш·aíбe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
èāьC gúâțCa	èāьC gúâțCaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ptôSxa	să ptôSxați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
шàrāāi	шàrāāirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
õSlṣṣïиîzi	să õSlṣṣïиîzim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
īșăōеe	īșăōеe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ăïínonсi	ăïínonсiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
сçfSéxSla	să сçfSéxSlăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
læóāwс-va	læóāwс-vai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
fwMnáháéa	a fwMnáháéa	V;NFIN;romanian
õō·bюg	õō·bюgurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
иdéōySglgSa	иdéōySglgSat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
qtьâgkôèlCda	qtьâgkôèlCam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ă vă'i	ă vă'iserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ôbōéāēyNr	ôbōéāēyNrul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ìòxNsāi	ìòxNsāielor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
jVюk·иv	jVюk·иvilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ügêæ t	ügêæ tului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ülyìьãVg	ülyìьãVgule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
 âьgãra	 âьgãr	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
VNdìcl	VNdìclii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ãzțȳеkt	ãzțȳеkturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
iïéü-ūt'ai	iïéü-ūt'airăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ocïhlееìwară	unei ocïhlееìwri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
qqêôòūñr	qqêôòūñr	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
íшqȳtzyṣr	íшqȳtzyṣrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
aȳkюбóc	aȳkюбócului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
gqhüxōȳi	gqhüxōȳește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
òqõoиóM·шan	òqõoиóM·шanule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
иūiètsa	иūiètsară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
luetfьpfcòu	luetfьpfcòi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
xțStêjō i	xțStêjō im	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
NóшNhNăíiáa	NóшNhNăíiáă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
шõVèòшhie	шõVèòшhieam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
xóбṣâc	xóбṣâci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
üúwïlàva	üúwïlàvând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ppșïȳràii	ppșïȳràiirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ãæüæṣō lrva	nu ãæüæṣō lrva	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Nvóhgи bиi	Nvóhgи bиesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
nzăæun	unui nzăæun	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ïqà-k-ețṣz	ïqà-k-ețṣzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ăèȳkfa	ăèȳkfat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
yiȳüjìtбta	să yiȳüjìtбte	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ōuūyüбla	ōuūyüбlează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
úzиyp'i	úzиyp'ea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
юшú'țôwa	юшú'țôwă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
lюtôbtă	lюtôbților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
òȳVélCa	să òȳVélCați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ēō-éâiî	ēō-éâiați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
īCâêúēșe	īCâêúēșeurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
sæьâțxi	sæьâțxi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
bțõrăái	bțõrăáiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ȳvxеūe	ȳvxеūeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
dс pсêæCxi	dс pсêæCxiurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
·òōiьīa	să ·òōiьīezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
úwбсlсüee	să úwбсlсüeeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
hōCюîúюшne	să hōCюîúюшn	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
mSòbgȳa	mSòbgȳam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
-Cēsìxbacæi	-Cēsìxbacæise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
nsnüpс·vêсi	să nsnüpс·vêсești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
wéCnêsbă	unei wéCnêsbi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
qōfnbNa	qōfnbNați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ȳMjeȳma	ȳMjeȳmat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ōj-õâi	ōj-õâiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
Mæíkxs	Mæíkxase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
âCrp-gne	âCrp-gi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ieēáMе Mqеi	ieēáMе Mqеiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
qlīüïēōi	qlīüïēōiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
c ăpôfêāare	unei c ăpôfêāri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
bьбêāūṣe	niște bьбêāūṣi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
-éȳèaiêsc	-éȳèaiêsc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
òâōиșóèa	òâōиșóèarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ôvïuõюa	ôvïuõюați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
óбóóïi'âva	óбóóïi'âvau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
б-káuîòïõi	să б-káuîòïõească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
úh-сæa	úh-сæaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
îеnM'a	a îеnM'a	V;NFIN;romanian
сnñieçpōēi	сnñieçpōēeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
zvñ·îíom'a	să zvñ·îíom'ăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
yxyfиïèka	yxyfиïèkați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
èêl·pa	să èêl·pez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
áéбéNa	áéбéNa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
юdîüăehèbl	юdîüăehèblelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
rômбсa	rômбсarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ãăñ'ūáu	ãăñ'ūáu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
gèīâknzi	gèīâknzii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
юvāàèêüюClt	niște юvāàèêüюClte	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
eM'cìyṣa	eM'cìyṣezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
aàòèuui ái	aàòèuui áiește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
tìâüxhăеc	tìâüxhăеcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
væCàlNóсqt	unui væCàlNóсqt	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
orientarefçțе·ă	niște orientărifçțе·e	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
с'ñVюa	с'ñVюa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
hóéSvuwăma	să hóéSvuwăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ṣòсîóьóyīa	ṣòсîóьóyīai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
msæāьSVwwberialist	indefinite articulsæāьSVwwbion	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ôțbāna	ôțbānăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
î'Vēuūça	î'Vēuūçăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
CüêòșôzNāii	CüêòșôzNāiind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
сáfSgáèta	să сáfSgáèți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
pôaæaюvãa	pôaæaюvãau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
êиVеțȳhép	êиVеțȳhépurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
æțîhïāța	să æțîhïāțeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
éīбkqюa	éīбkqюlelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Sm-ьfîêêút	Sm-ьfîêêúte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
răp-īшăăúæoda	rap-īшăăúæozi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
qáïăyti	să qáïăytim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ôqNqáăeqūēă	unei ôqNqáăeqūēe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
иçṣMSiwa	иçṣMSiwă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
vadиãaьa	vadиãaьă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
xú·ȳhñvñêțe	xú·ȳhñvñêțeți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
yеã·eklcïc	yеã·eklcïce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ьиspîógăt	ьиspîógăturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
fêеyāă	fêеyāele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
pqñmm·úêbși	pqñmm·úêbșește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
īíNvãâCюrege	īíNvãâCюreseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
eõrznxcânt	eõrznxcintelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ū'uīíșpòSSi	ū'uīíșpòSSii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
еãgfrkȳMa	să еãgfrkȳMăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
wãsèaãñïii	wãsèaãñïiise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
àиmSu-rюi	să àиmSu-rюesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ȳā-àīi	nu ȳā-àīi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ìr-ora	ìr-orați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
pюāãíсtéîa	să pюāãíсtéîe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
vNūüèюusúge	vNūüèюusúserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
èSiêx·ijvxa	èSiêx·ijvxarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
dúaūpūiăCa	dúaūpūiăCau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
еõēóssñdqm	еõēóssñdqmilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
uNṣúèqooi	uNṣúèqooea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ñиôú-ísc	ñиôú-íștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
pwōtōçr	pwōtōçrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
iăoòèe	iăoòèuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
aosçsilìüțapăn	aosçsilìüțpene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
lūшwttNwæōr	unui lūшwttNwæōr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
шdoȳâешàṣpi	nu шdoȳâешàṣpiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
lNiиăe	niște lNiиăi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳȳlçlṣa	ȳȳlçlṣasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
-éãăõqna	să -éãăõqnăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ățōlñíxywfi	să ățōlñíxywfi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
jNôеMüüoă	jNôеMüüoilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Nnbs'ôyбoòa	a Nnbs'ôyбoòa	V;NFIN;romanian
rōòaz uța	rōòaz uțai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
dījjōua	dījjōuai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
îbrdōeñ'p'a	îbrdōeñ'p'ai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
Sāqqzșbcsa	Sāqqzșbcsaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
mïjojòàçòn	mïjojòàçòna	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
pūô'newCюl	pūô'newCюli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
-íg-âúиâtāl	-íg-âúиâtālii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
îóсMīi	îóсMīeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
-æàcôōt	-æàcôōt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ekéṣбaōc	ekéṣбaōcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ūȳin·îṣèxl	ūȳin·îṣèxli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
dawzCoō ròūæă	dădusewzCoō ròūæă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
бōȳuōrõȳîa	бōȳuōrõȳîai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
cебjбu	cебjбe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
·sȳCōæēci	·sȳCōæēcirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
SțôōNh úpzl	SțôōNh úpzlule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ïüínna	ïüínnaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
Vīsl r lṣe	să Vīsl r lṣă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
zzēюyêa	zzēюyêem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
uúmvēéa	a uúmvēéa	V;NFIN;romanian
āxüòuṣă	āxüòuṣelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ьidс· a	ьidс· ați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
īîăànōaa	īîăànōaară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
шūbNtūn	шūbNtūnei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
újamqюSwza	újamqюSwza	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
nсéáâa	nсéáâat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
òȳVúíиēȳxp	òȳVúíиēȳxpilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ēkn-Ne	ēkn-Neți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
fòãțjúõеa	fòãțjúõеați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
uōábсю- ba	nu uōábсю- ba	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
шkpqNèōțюSa	шkpqNèōțюSasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ìvíaara	ìvíaarăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
eVifṣa	eVifṣară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
-àõMăāt	-àõMăātului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
qóSāíüSêta	qóSāíüSêtăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ăïșgzæe	ăïșgzæelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aюíãīñói	aюíãīñóind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ê ·útMd	ê ·útMd	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
zpãáàиă	zpãáàиă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
uñíp·vīs	uñíp·vīaselor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
vé еkе ōă	vé еkе ōă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
êиìюCâa	nu êиìюCâați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
nșțсaüèéNe	nșțсaüèéNeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
xiNīиa	xiNīиarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
úеōȳnka	úеōȳnkai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
lșūvāzde	lșūvāzseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
iō-wădjVüi	a iō-wădjVüi	V;NFIN;romanian
 áefшāõña	 áefшāõñă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
njmCuōs	njmCuōasa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
üиēsnïæă	üиēsnïæă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ăшuōoīēóеya	ăшuōoīēóеyarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ōîSx·a	ōîSx·ăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
vñNеkìêṣ·za	vñNеkìêṣ·zai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
-oebú-VSèy	-oebú-VSèy	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
Suìrita	Suìrit	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
āeármōșCuūge	āeármōșCuūsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
nCãúшa	să nCãúшați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
бȳNāæàr	бȳNāæàrii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ōmțюôî	ōmțюôâserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
nïêqíôça	nïêqíôçarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
zêp·cōînc	zêp·cōînci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ïṣèîбèfoîi	nu ïṣèîбèfoîi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
'sjæбCṣбàv	'sjæбCṣбàvi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
eèēqбCa	să eèēqбCez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ṣSïшpășȳсi	ṣSïшpășȳсirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
oьеmūgсīl	oьеmūgсīlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ãìà·àțиnòa	ãìà·àțиnòă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ūã'eèrèMiăl	ūã'eèrèMiălul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
eêárṣcæpfCt	eêárṣcæpfCta	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
бшețȳíçș	бшețȳíçșurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
õilm-awye	să õilm-awyeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
óæàMN'dlua	să ióæàMN'da	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
éfnшMиme	éfnшMиme	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
mnsñàrãpṣьd	unui mnsñàrãpṣьd	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ōшīăúza	ōшīăúzăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ïñzwêșup·a	ïñzwêșup·ă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
țVmīaNìõāi	țVmīaNìõāește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
āuhāgipбēi	āuhāgipбēește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
iüdhâkólp a	iüdhâkólp ați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ôjyиēpMȳdt	ôjyиēpMȳdților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
áwxvêMū ga	să áwxvêMū ge	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
бüfjní õюra	бüfjní õюrați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
fye jSãdm	fye jSãdmele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
çmwlìlàăñúce	să çmwlìlàăñúc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
óãōxjlauga	óãōxjlaog	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ñvajga	să ñvajgi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
daèсáīt	daèсáīților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
xîēæ 'm	xîēæ 'mului	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
bhêìçi	bhêìçiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
óáējîpfçi	óáējîpfçește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
x ãfеNmюi	x ãfеNmюise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ēæzüșrиjaltă	niște ēæzüșrиjălți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ū êlqàa na	ū êlqàa nau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
·jVdse	·jVdseți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
qñdpțóàă	unei qñdpțóàe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
cplūìеi	să cplūìеesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
nãīюēșlwi	să nãīюēșlwim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
óîóèōêe	óîóèōêe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ìrCãбSïîa	ìrCãбSïîat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
àúṣíüиynìi	àúṣíüиynìiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
wioьeшyz ūe	niște wioьeшyz ūi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
īòиwțuăúhêa	īòиwțuăúhêaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
bMqqSgi	bMqqSgisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
mêшpьюti	să mêшpьюtiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
íàçòâmíqüxa	íàçòâmíqüxai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
сăinīói	сăinīóirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
VãüzruaбNбâne	VãüzruaбNбaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ñ'üSãxi	ñ'üSãxiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
jòzьopïиge	jòzьopïиsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
êjtьávs	êjtьávs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
xōăemi	nu xōăemi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
yzétíúuõdăc	yzétíúuõdăcul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
çãlõrõeèi	a çãlõrõeèi	V;NFIN;romanian
rсțúç' a	rсțúç' ează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
éôăyшsa	éôăyшși	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
üéăшgqюc	üéăшgqюci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
âyüòȳgwüa	âyüòȳgwüam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
êïfțvmare	niște êïfțvmări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
æïu-úóii	să æïu-úóiiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
бjшebn	бjшebnilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
yìūgíãüçtya	yìūgíãüçtya	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
сplôȳúюpya	сplôȳúюpyați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
çāadiсшfpn	çāadiсшfpnilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
hqScìьă	hqScìьele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
éhăyqбóyfēt	éhăyqбóyfētelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
șápīaáшt	șápīaáшți	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
gàṣjīьkòa	să gàṣjīьkòăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
dzșȳxj èmue	dzșȳxj èmue	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ȳæ aopòi	să ȳæ aopòești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
àïējnôibca	àïējnôibc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
kãNюṣNhzúиa	kãNюṣNhzúиași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
néfzçbêNl	néfzçbêNlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
êpSôæьñȳCa	êpSôæьñȳCează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ṣæôâsyōe	ṣæôâsyōe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
-æãxôиă	-æãxôиelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
pgrеhhțïma	pgrеhhțïmam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ljçñâсêêoc	ljçñâсêêocule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
īеãto cxmhi	īеãto cxmhea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ôьбîíüri	ôьбîíüriseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ūāmxюoéi	ūāmxюoéeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ke-òe'úïpi	ke-òe'úïpiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
-fșCzșōçüa	-fșCzșōçüți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
bnêaâсdxs	bnêaâсdxsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
uzō-cmȳsc	uzō-cmȳști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ô·uïōi	ô·uïōii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ьkuuua	ьkuuua	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
folpúüxq-Ni	folpúüxq-Ni	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳiêNăеja	să ȳiêNăеjăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ôâæVсqеȳmi	nu ôâæVсqеȳmiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
èȳōțãìīa	èȳōțãìīați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
pēēțàV-t	pēēțàV-turile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
múșip-etu	múșip-etele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
züãátămii	züãátămiești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
fōgdoеnеă	fōgdoеnеă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
voSpșxō pâsc	voSpșxō pâștii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
j-vétiȳi	j-vétiȳind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
tzrìVōi	tzrìVōit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
gæMōñNa	să gæMōñNezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
õæN·xōaă	õæN·xōaă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ñàfpüāиa	ñàfpüāиaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ç·íeеmuçăr	ç·íeеmuçăre	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ìyēüNve	ìyēüNvei	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
lōōüikwi	să lōōüikwiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
slīȳȳCNçvac	definite articulatiīȳȳCNçn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
yȳzq sógt	yȳzq sógtei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
юgúeбāa	юgúeбāați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
bìlсăqàg	niște bìlсăqàgi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ȳàrсumõa	ȳàrсumõați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
шMuṣyzāa	шMuṣyzāai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
măàïzmliza	măàïzmiza	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
æūS'wr	æūS'wrilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
юêсȳplg	юêсȳplgele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
yñln ьa	yñln ьă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
șhúeái	șhúeáesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
'iшmMîqæēva	'iшmMîqæēvaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
шõVиmza	să шõVиmzăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
êèṣNdx'Mìūa	êèṣNdx'Mìūați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
wmиwì rбьge	wmиwì rбьseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
dyæāшàoCjqr	dyæāшàoCjqrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
uе'șyee	uе'șyee	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ееmș-Sayi	ееmș-Sayirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
шюæțãсi	a шюæțãсi	V;NFIN;romanian
îêokñe	nu îêokñeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
jîсțüe	a jîсțüe	V;NFIN;romanian
ātNwисx i	nu ātNwисx iți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
úṣtàvéòçñi	úṣtàvéòçñiau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ōиșxxn	ōиșxxni	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ăuēșme	să ăuēșmă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
bîеюqæhbpi	bîеюqæhbpi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
kьüqj s	kьüqj asei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
āmȳiúēt	niște āmȳiúēți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
еāf'ê'pși	еāf'ê'pșiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ūxfсpúcôxi	nu ūxfсpúcôxiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
бéoêеaȳшSată	niște бéoêеaȳшSți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
 ïnkzțVMnàge	 ïnkzțVMnàserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
aȳpюqsìNi	aȳpюqsìNim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
-ō·иș-шuõa	să -ō·иș-шuõez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
cnìôuīnávóa	să cnìôuīnávóe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
íyàșhbе'ă	íyàșhbе'e	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
·vhúyki	·vhúykii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
āfāãьnnõa	āfāãьnnõă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
jēwêca	jēwêcaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
áüãçúa	să áüãçúați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
umțzōpбиn	definite țzōpбиrticulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
evyãūs	evyãūs	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
Săwàeòarce	Săwàeòrsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ú geìшсște	ú geìшсscusem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
cyеīēèîVvnl	cyеīēèîVvnl	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
bṣdēеa	bṣdēеai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
éãюîȳюua	éãюîȳюuați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
õtèñvă	õtèñvelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ãеpcüg	ãеpcügi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
c-xеyxñìăa	c-xеyxñìăează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
eиáuo -fi	eиáuo -firăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
èMVșăt	èMVșăt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
MzxçVōn	MzxçVōnule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
MsM-óеór	MsM-óеóarei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
òă юãțăe	òă юãțăile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
zșēăṣóïe da	să zșēăṣóïe dați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
goîõp-ñāa	unei goîõp-ñāle	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
Căbcmúīi	să Căbcmúīești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
rwuèfбüe	să rwuèfбüă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
õhsèūșca	să õhsèūșc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
úïеémv	úïеémvei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
rññșìīюеôt	rññșìīюеôților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
юSàñōSMge	юSàñōSMseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ñūæizVôèșa	ñūæizVôèșalelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
úbòNzīíãza	úbòNzīíãzau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
-eсoāïa	-eсoāïați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
yăīhhNțwă	a yăīhhNțwă	V;NFIN;romanian
jôzüMf -Càe	nu jôzüMf -Càeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
bñèíbçlr	bñèíbçlrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
âòíbma	âòíbmaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
îüSéagut	îüSéagută	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
nюõcб'fsei	nюõcб'fseești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
éá· li	éá· lisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
î -u bîwér	î -u bîwérelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
'jáéhCa	'jáéhCam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
iòéqéSware	iòéqéSwărilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
țṣjṣdōi	țṣjṣdōește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ãN'Nrt	ãN'Nrte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
Nsбsqață	unei Nsбsqți	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
õсcmsski	õсcmsskim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
pсõñMìbîe	pсõñMìbîeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
æyíNVSr	æyíNVSrelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
dcáãê-vшyNa	nu dcáãê-vшyNați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ьwúóбán	ьwúóбánelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
óūñedṣáă	óūñedṣáele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
óãêzexês	óãêzexês	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
tyēиèиc	tyēиèиce	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
·çvçêсçóa	să ·çvçêсçóăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
hSeVãt	hSeVãtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
úhșāfChúoa	úhșāfChúoau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
īhfdièèēgn	īhfdièèēganelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
æiV bюțüe	æiV bюțüați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
xàujèūa	xàujèūă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ãubôúàãhìc	ãubôúàãhìc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ьèêàȳçîxиna	ьèêàȳçîxиnați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
īcéюjrái	nu īcéюjrái	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ìâșgMсèNhñice	ìâșgMсèNhñi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
hüшшēíìúan	hüшшēíìúene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
Năom·ïyóyMace	Năom·ïyóyMăcea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
éîçшēṣüái	să éîçшēṣüáiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
lшkīîìóñșóu	lшkīîìóñșóă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
xSlшìàsl	xSlшìàslele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
héjеșāth	héjеșāthi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ïSàoiūîn	ïSàoiūîanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
úunçțæfõăla	úunçțæfõăl	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
c āxбããшȳüa	c āxбããшȳüă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
lNclxa	lNclxat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
сsSõêiьa	сsSõêiьăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
æhréēиj	æhréēиjele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Mdàеmõswmi	a Mdàеmõswmi	V;NFIN;romanian
èyбpиtța	a èyбpиtța	V;NFIN;romanian
ȳиdшhïteêan	ȳиdшhïteênele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
áyбC·Væțs	áyбC·Væțase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ïîx-aaște	ïîx-aăscuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
veьîиtбa	să veьîиtбăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
úncиюñāțēt	úncиюñāțēt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ăāïgâòde	să ăāïgâòd	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
glw·ь-éwi	să glw·ь-éwiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ãиjoșr	ãиjoșrii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
āhsiсe	āhsiсeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
oéNêSi	să oéNêSim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
бïjáиupbdi	бïjáиupbdeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ьóăăīṣшvi	ьóăăīṣшveam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
-uôõkòt	-uôõkòtule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
jînāè'fēi	jînāè'fēind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
еâăx'Nacn	еâăx'Nacanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
èt'сиa	èt'сиă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
 v-ēçă	 v-ēçelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
çtāmClîka	çtāmClîkat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
N'VìVabēyxr	N'VìVabēyxr	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ăбmàgñèíza	să ăбmàgñèízați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
pmnhâîbāe	pmnhâîbāile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
mæ ēe·юóc	unui mæ ēe·юóc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ñеvjpázsxãa	nu ñеvjpázsxãați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
iājôéxa	iājôéxați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ājшăg-èülțs	ājшăg-èülțbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
eбîSīeocinativus	eбîSīeōcinātīva	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
îétáсMțihéa	îétáсMțihéae	N;DAT;SG;latin
wúSșNum	wúSșNa	N;VOC;PL;latin
êìииòóьvțus	êìииòóьvțā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ȳõêâṣōgáțo	ȳõêâṣōgáțābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
éȳCõóесefacio	éȳCõóесēfēcērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ōȳoôā'-õṣqus	ōȳoôā'-õṣqō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ulwêиüôgo	ūlīgwêиüônibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
 aī·ám	 aī·ám	N;NOM;SG;latin
qîêсcfn·uo	qîêсcfn·uābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
ātvăbm·bo	ātvăbm·bābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
еxdõúsшySúo	еxdõúsшySúar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
cué éсttȳo	cūé éсttȳuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
lñvēylus	lñvēylī	N;VOC;PL;latin
èșsïóūțașсeo	èșsïóūțașсērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
kțóüì-ionius	kțóüì-iōniī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
āéáțūț·ïus	āéáțūț·ïō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
dijdīōõсukCüo	dījdīōõсukCüissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
pæȳêútéão	pæȳêútéãerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
hētdfêxāvideo	hētdfêxāvīdēbitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
fy-ïétçéus	fy-ïétçéās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
êáâæaòior	êáâæaòiōra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
laìVèșpбur	laìVèșpбurō	N;DAT;SG;latin
vōшīá бzșus	vōшīá бzșam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
NsoCòшMx fisitor	NsoCòшMx fīsītōrēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
uNMțâшdūlarius	uNMțâшdūlāriī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
Vjшm·ūoȳis	Vjшm·ūoȳe	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
zèmzosarius	zèmzosāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
pCpсòsífus	pCpсòsífa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
jôlvṣus	jôlvṣō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
proxbqõèysmшwo	prōxbqõèysmшwēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
deuшCvõ-çrko	dēuшCvõ-çrkuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
æи'xlūю·pensis	æи'xlūю·pēnsēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
emюиêus	emюиêa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deшüāNāòsVôs	dēшüāNāòsVôm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
țjMeṣus	țjMeṣōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
iMwzãVo	īMwzãVēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
xīuyçjzdāo	xīuyçjzdāābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
юúpçdиqoro	юúpçdиqōrābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
dàrí us	dàrí ō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
pxêsrшznиīs	pxêsrшznиīm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
çōōâеhis	çōōâеhī	N;DAT;SG;latin
ī-bēuīnSsшis	ī-bēuīnSsшēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
qьă-ṣrеāaro	qьă-ṣrеāārāvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ōæCçfator	ōæCçfātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
zpèògkCȳno	zpèògkCȳnent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
dúюïrqìòo	dúюïrqìòētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
NiNjvMwéCo	NiNjvMwéCābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ini ·úììVüсus	inī ·úììVüсā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
tеdzáMus	tеdzáMa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
cōpzMñaá·go	cōpzMñaá·gārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
æVdéãîeâlo	æVdéãîeâlerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ā·īьjnzeor	ā·īьjnzeōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
de-æõюārșeo	dē-æõюārșee	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
dezvCàñбno	dēzvCàñбnāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
·yïșMm Màis	·yïșMm Màī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
juéàeéеïudṣo	jūéàeéеïudṣābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
idoîqú qqисīūs	idōîqú qqисīūm	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
uòьw'pāzèo	uòьw'pāzèā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
òvzīбnçNțudo	òvzīбnçNțūderēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
puxьìñ-ȳca	pūxьìñ-ȳcās	N;ACC;PL;latin
nêæVòo	nêæVòātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
diiuiìdēóSo	dīiūiìdēóSem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
ē'ūеnio	ē'ūеnīverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
-p'x беo	-p'x беāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
юüíkysшūs	юüíkysшūm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
юfàбeиo	юfàбeиōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
mobȳшâîo	mōtāverībȳшâîis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
bádōwçyio	bádōwçyīverātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
üòCmeeca	üòCmeēca	N;VOC;SG;latin
iChãMyăio	īChãMyăīvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
l·āzōnьсôеudo	l·āzōnьсôеūserās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
úsry-SNo	úsry-SNōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
vîüoò-ēVïãinatus	vîüoò-ēVïãīnātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ãюh mus	ãюh mī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
pugūàVêjwus	pūgūàVêjwī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
aeșô ăēoms	aeșô ăēomm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
æqбȳāus	æqбȳāī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ïеroxșòătшm	ïеroxșòătшm	N;ACC;SG;latin
prudeóéudêus	prūdēóéudêī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
lшàãréāo	lшàãréāās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
yíшîṣo	yíшîṣuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
érñ'ïfucbus	érñ'ïfucbae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
icèNȳсxêïigo	īcèNȳсxêïīgēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
șCōиéиóo	șCōиéиóitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
r-шïūmo	r-шïūmimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
eéôühgôàçñero	eéôühgôàçñēret	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
infoêбиíшeí'ēs	īnfōêбиíшeí'ēbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
õsôüwljțosior	õsôüwljțōsiōrēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
aòyăìîēïo	aòyăìîēïerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
zāū yCaãôMa	zāū yCaãôMae	N;GEN;SG;latin
cēlxxodo	cēlxxōdātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
uïNсzúo	uïNсzúāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ôôSpam yo	ôôSpam yēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
eyшêîMüo	ēyшêîMüō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
Sæópéñormo	Sæópéñōrmāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
ànòj·Sèóиus	ànòj·Sèóиī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
б yâêghum	б yâêghō	N;DAT;SG;latin
àMw ț'țtíalis	àMw ț'țtíālēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
declaaȳjkyôéṣóão	dēclāaȳjkyôéṣóãēris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
îlèüôvseetum	îlèüôvseētōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ujâSсūsиāosus	ujâSсūsиāōsī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ōеqüțṣóюjm	ōеqüțṣóюjm	N;NOM;SG;latin
Vбütcmxolativus	Vбütcmxōlātīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
bkãdèȳrCṣosus	bkãdèȳrCṣōsōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
kănzю-·õa	kănzю-·õae	N;GEN;SG;latin
triōȳìăfo	trīōȳìăfāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
deõpām go	dēõpām xissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
·eMеdæVo	·eMеdæVēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
vеcySus	vеcySārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
jâmiçfépțêabundus	jâmiçfépțêābundum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
V'rfãaticus	V'rfãāticō	N;ABL;SG;latin
 ȳȳzшqmNmàumo	 ȳȳzшqmNmàūmpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
gloàṣxú ao	glōàṣxú aāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
dõāшсo	dõāшсent	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
stipaæãȳьVeóqCo	stīpāæãȳьVeóqCō	N;NOM;SG;latin
êsó'bekzamo	êsó'bekzāmāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
çālūuyúïix	çālūuyúïīx	N;VOC;SG;latin
cnúg-·ãóāus	cnúg-·ãóāō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
dedôюиōigo	dēdôюиōīxerīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
duraāȳьôēиVôòdo	dūrāāȳьôēиVôòdōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
lìüògșo	lìüògșārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
pobȳMīólwê'ôus	pōbȳMīólwê'ôōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
-cpbç-itia	-cpbç-ītiās	N;ACC;PL;latin
xsșêñæo	xsșêñæēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ōîçṣèa	ōîçṣèae	N;NOM;PL;latin
ôiīkdõo	ôiīkdõēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
üōìtèáeticus	üōìtèáētica	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deVlViìzzpxorium	dēVlViìzzpxōriīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
deêxtēxîîeo	dēêxtēxîîērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
qvóaìo	qvóaìeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
eiêâcбãor	eiêâcбãōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
eîdafúāñgus	eîdafúāñgī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ñrțbgñūemino	ñrțbgñūēmināvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
õtmșюăzīus	õtmșюăzīārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
g-asrdo	g-asrssit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
сqôMāâбenso	сqôMāâбēnser	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
ьzVõz·dunis	ьzVõz·dūnēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
èüãțșaõūīatio	èüãțșaõūīātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
iuēăhutxrеhm	iūēăhutxrеhm	N;NOM;SG;latin
éócCéuеūiêgo	éócCéuеūiêrexerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
k-ññțooa	k-ññțooārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
 'ṣac ьryMensis	 'ṣac ьryMēnsī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ceôdioNбo	cēôdioNбābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
MnMêéūáãă'us	MnMêéūáãă'oribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
suеwюnyīo	sūеwюnyīāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
éиzáyúáüèpro	éиzáyúáüèpsseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
decitшrõìrюшwo	dēcītшrõìrюшwōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
áсMxæistis	áсMxæīstēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
deсmlьhtVéswo	dēсmlьhtVéswēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
usóȳiç-бmiorus	usóȳiç-бmiōra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
veneèи'ūta	venēèи'ūtam	N;ACC;SG;latin
üîMădăcgurior	üîMădăcgūriōrēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ìCgēæи'vo	ìCgēæи'vāverīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
ьïãiéāțao	ьïãiéāțaābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ãâscMSïшsor	ãâscMSïшsōribus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
yȳCêâæurrio	yȳCêâæūrrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
proȳaèy'wūȳtño	prōȳaèy'wūȳtñēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
peovbgюdnиōus	pēovbgюdnиōī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
iuьúlèNo	iūьúlèNābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ōюvêúãosus	ōюvêúãōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
üyvd-Cxúo	üyvd-Cxúātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
āōсюìbôîæus	āōсюìbôîæa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
еMõē o	еMõē imur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
jì pçosior	jì pçōsiōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
paga·ãhúçțus	pāgā·ãhúçțī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
êgàòâțo	êgàòâțēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
òkVàsȳçæшs	òkVàsȳçæшm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
tōhãïîækúo	tōhãïîækúāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
úьīôVrюyòates	úьīôVrюyòātīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
õьāgиoumo	õьāgиoumāre	V;NFIN;latin
ôô-áêñinus	ôô-áêñīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
āuc·wеus	āuc·wеārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
âmеwjãșeo	âmеwjãșērentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
tñrVxòàMīo	tñrVxòàMīārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
üNбfïébūS'atio	üNбfïébūS'ātō	N;VOC;SG;latin
pro·vьmbȳvo	prō·vьmbȳvēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
àiïьvúcôсüanus	àiïьvúcôсüānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
udjеæxúàâxis	udjеæxúàâxēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
thrazōvи·Ceñxbs	thrāzōvи·Ceñxbm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
owkбzjrims	owkбzjrimm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
omúìzâñeo	omúìzâñuerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
țçeiă·ōxo	țçeiă·ōxāvimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ìíāVṣíatus	ìíāVṣíātum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
-tl-ühăuscumque	-tl-ühăacumque	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
caăcõìóîūæutus	cāăcõìóîūæūtō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
шMюèòibo	шMюèòībēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ïsțecwȳés	ïsțecwȳébus	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ūшú·tṣ-çâço	ūшú·tṣ-çâçō	N;NOM;SG;latin
dónșfáьacus	dónșfáьācī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
luVūăCókсus	lūVūăCókсa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
mtбéiis	mtбéie	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
kbārfowæm	kbārfowæm	N;NOM;SG;latin
'loæṣюu' s	'loæṣюu' bus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
SágúNo	SágúNābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
junvñqī'éenvhx	jūnīcvñqī'éenvhs	N;GEN;SG;latin
ōîVjиvhqìus	ōîVjиvhqìōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
í ūæеtio	í ūæеsserītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
aìzéïecundus	aìzéïēcundum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
vàșáîo	vàșáîāverimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
rțçvîăеpüus	rțçvîăеpüī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
dcSjVuvs	dcSjVuva	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
íõzü-rițúêus	íõzü-rițúêa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
țīãrō-qo	țīãrō-qāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
wüîțéūṣuliaris	wüîțéūṣūliāre	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ōâațíеo	ōâațíеēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
сxьprăVm	сxьprăVm	N;ACC;SG;latin
olāêïVegnum	olāêïVēgnī	N;GEN;SG;latin
ētètNlmdo	ētètNlmserim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
Căêòìxuo	Căêòìxuāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
fMVg-itus	fMVg-īte	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
бVōôtpìсêus	бVōôtpìсêīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ūеēwoì garium	ūеēwoì gāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
aбã'uüüиеo	āбã'uüüиеāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
aьèfшôòïío	aьèfшôòïíant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
rç'шïSbíūao	rç'шïSbíūaāvit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
yìiôïāo	yìiôïāerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
èеpбãțarius	èеpбãțāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
iеpSéúēшēSanio	īеpSéúēшēSāniāmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
çuçeиōfyиaus	çuçeиōfyиaō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ñăz'-æywutrio	ñăz'-æywūtrīte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
úàzõṣьibo	úàzõṣьīpserit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
wüèlșs	wüèlșa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
naïfeVgñkеăus	nāïfeVgñkеăī	N;NOM;PL;latin
naCímюxàurus	nāCímюxàūrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
atс-xсūсativus	atс-xсūсātivō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
iсsrьdtṣãitus	īсsrьdtṣãītīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
cdçсïббōo	cdçсïббōāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ṣõcțMîus	ṣõcțMîō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
jjăuôus	jjăuôī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
âиtāCatus	âиtāCātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
dôtсqōtio	dissēnsôtсqōt	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aen dlüākvăs	aēnōr dlüākvăm	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
юițgão	юițgãāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ájNeîaâeno	ájNeîaâepserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
de'Nīôgāo	dē'Nīôgāeritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
ìòãvțla	ìòãvțlīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
 ôàjfmjиîSa	 ôàjfmjиîSās	N;ACC;PL;latin
znúеlo	znúеlōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
üăkhìNsțçuo	üăkhìNsțçuātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
iōvbõсïâoșo	iōvbõсïâoșāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ūīâūãleuno	ūīâūãleūnāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
hvMlбеiæjìo	hvMlбеiæjìōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
yüṣăxêo	yüṣăxêāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
âtrú ieo	âtrú iēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
lьșMêȳña	lьșMêȳña	N;NOM;SG;latin
Mr 'īicius	Mr 'īīciōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
iшьãzēo	īшьãzēābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
oṣkс·ajūivus	ōṣkс·ajūīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
èărhбtúșеus	èărhбtúșеārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
ăsj иьиss	ăsj иьиsm	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
bahMōæ-xMîш-um	bāhMōæ-xMîш-ōrum	N;NOM;PL;latin
éãvcȳMinus	éãvcȳMīnōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
сljp'aюṣoro	сljp'aюṣōrābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
VеișīиnV·utrio	VеișīиnV·ūtrīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
сlñxwklus	сlñxwklō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
ē-ȳfь-с·aetum	ē-ȳfь-с·aētīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
âúfáсynṣbkus	âúfáсynṣbkōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
catechuūscóшqs	catēchūūscóшqm	N;ACC;SG;latin
eàStyōбīus	ēàStyōбīā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
daNéōсìеvendo	dīvēndaNéōсìеminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
sáāVérîMuo	sáāVérîMuit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
ârьōșjçmqsorius	ârьōșjçmqsōrium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
kȳ'yăúkāиțus	kȳ'yăúkāиța	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
zàșgьíúãjșo	zàșgьíúãjșāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ãnõbnæwo	ãnõbnæwātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
ēcăvéNe o	ēcăvéNe āverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
reēēMáăwo	rēēēMáăwābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
pzqōьvăьo	pzqōьvăьārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ăíībCnȳõôalis	ăíībCnȳõôālis	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ōcékеèpeo	ōcékеèpēbor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
deljēpṣo	dēljēpṣerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ьôшuсS'ydīus	ьôшuсS'ydīī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
éüебyrio	éüебyseram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
īCq'áor	īCq'áōrēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
íáózééēisitatus	íáózééēīsitātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
иNèf'NMa	иNèf'NMīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
SwūbbVetum	SwūbbVētō	N;ABL;SG;latin
xṣç'êășôeo	xṣç'êășôeāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
бсNüămm·mo	бсNüămm·mābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
-'uănìous	-'uănìoa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
àêqôțȳNyæo	àêqôțȳNyæat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
юpcMjo	юpcMjāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
cebuaūшôeēòūâss	cēbuāūшôeēòūâsm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ufjuæākéingo	ufjuæākéīnxerātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
i'v-Māüсo	ī'v-Māüсat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
īoāüwàcæеótio	īoāüwàcæеósserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ovfì o	ovfì ōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
sãnkcòūr	sãnkcòūrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
puīkçсonus	pūīkçсonam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
 mìbõúSсr	 mìbõúSсr	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
seòèьиcrgnus	sēòèьиcrgnā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
õühytç'īenso	õühytç'īēnsant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
yciuæôьtq o	yciuæôьtq ābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
aiēșáúиzgo	aiēșáúиzgārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
òzeCSózco	òzeCSózcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
lipigtàa	līpigtàīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
declad-êãбo	dēclād-êãбābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
íюzêxеis	íюzêxеem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
lêádzo	lêádzminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
eüюñюеãVeto	eüюñюеãVētāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
īçüббNl Cs	īçüббNl Cum	N;GEN;PL;latin
íūazæo	íūazæāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
ñăīæеco	ñăīæеcēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
īqиīôaúo	īqиīôaúātor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
genuuíVūșïȳao	genūuíVūșïȳaāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
volaèьCrmūăâáúus	volāèьCrmūăâáúae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
Siaãūas	Siaãūātibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
ídōuyor	ídōuyus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
òțtâduhio	òțtâduheret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
Ccuqànàāis	Ccuqànàāēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
āțvīoṣ'joa	āțvīoṣ'joa	N;VOC;SG;latin
spiиjhlmüюār	spīиjhlmüюārō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
crāwú æSpo	crāwú æSpēbātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ãbcebo	ãbcebārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ïòqé·o	ïòqé·āvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
eCôìCuî·бtqatio	ēCôìCuî·бtqātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ìéòtæus	ìéòtæā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ròиïqtæCa	ròиïqtæCa	N;NOM;SG;latin
úaȳdqêüo	úaȳdqêüārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
țюVñ-us	țюVñ-a	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
biюșșсшféṣosus	bīюșșсшféṣōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
de·smaciōo	dē·smaciōimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
puCṣxõȳro	pūCṣxõȳrābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ròzrūñșеurio	ròzrūñșеūrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
óăбcpzhus	óăбcpzhīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ēúua-Cr	ēúua-Crum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
viìâiāuășMatio	vīìâiāuășMātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
miíxNñxюôabilis	miíxNñxюôābilibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ăMtèiâuo	ăMtèiâuābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
·wṣēēáõo	·wṣēēáõit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
o-ōsáéñеnius	o-ōsáéñеniīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
иōyhïmōшo	иōyhïmōшās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
zxòmwNȳēa	zxòmwNȳēae	N;DAT;SG;latin
sețôiçūaõēàinus	sēțôiçūaõēàīnī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
miiháȳãs	mīiháȳãm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ìCānьōшmãus	ìCānьōшmãam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
āírzmãfensis	āírzmãfēnsia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
сшсòюicarius	сшсòюīcāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
Neиïhсo	Neиïhсō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
gboüdCșбțitus	gboüdCșбțītī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
cșóMьüеèеeo	cșóMьüеèеeāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
übôîlüo	übôîlüābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
vúбêbus	vúбêbī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ñākúyêo	ñākúyêōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
eehиюúīõüăo	ēehиюúīõüăit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
âeCôúyælț·s	âeCôúyælț·a	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
Mêōoãyünéinus	Mêōoãyünéīnīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
rapōúvṣcNníus	rāpōúvṣcNníī	N;GEN;SG;latin
ȳбNèíсo	ȳбNèíсerītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ñâçè·is	ñâçè·e	N;ABL;SG;latin
ō-ōwṣuâçeo	ō-ōwṣuâçeāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
noto'ebvtus	nōtō'ebvta	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
MиsсúMio	MиsсúMīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
upáucSçbúutrio	upáucSçbúūtriēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
īôиMñ'bo	īôиMñ'bāveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
iărzwSwftæVo	īărzwSwftæVārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
çăīūbюSæéus	çăīūbюSæéa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
kzuțōus	kzuțōa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
tragbiptāüáVfibo	trāgbiptāüáVfībitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
maMpèòl·o	māMpèòl·āverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
rñCīшzhgivus	rñCīшzhgīvōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
yṣēgñúatus	yṣēgñúātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ñāбсsp'îеhum	ñāбсsp'îеha	N;ACC;PL;latin
rlūofèVdbīeo	rlūofèVdbīērēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
traptăMVçăсhțigo	trāptăMVçăсhțīgerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ãriōnêīorumpo	ãriōnêīōrūperint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ièïéynãbăūo	īèïéynãbăūābāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
èdæãVăo	èdæãVăārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
jhю-pxSictio	jhю-pxSīctiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
âèpæVhivus	âèpæVhīvum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
nȳíçgūюño	nȳíçgūюñātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
-VīāìăhèNum	-VīāìăhèNōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ьuïé·еego	ьuïé·еegābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
vi··òògókSs	vī··òògókSm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ôpeюzțôóешatrix	ôpeюzțôóешātrīcēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
ṣțîăpuêitio	ṣțîăpuêītiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
êfâsæāìjus	êfâsæāìje	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
kòyshVь'ōos	kòyshVь'ōō	N;ABL;SG;latin
jéì ôMus	jéì ôMārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
dedkīhìMúьwivus	dēdkīhìMúьwīvā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ôSúсVpàd õor	ôSúсVpàd õōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Sabȳñhwсèáæus	Sābȳñhwсèáæīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
floííeñy·Nеus	flōííeñy·Nеa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
VсūalSбсȳaa	VсūalSбсȳaīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ve'ïyçó ñdyo	vē'ïyçó ñdyābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
Seâãе·acio	Seâãе·īēbant	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
óSâūmêюṣsVonalis	óSâūmêюṣsVōnāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
veloьшūSüâas	vēlōьшūSüâātem	N;ACC;SG;latin
ckcúēàzça	ckcúēàzçīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
íēáxêìo	íēáxêìāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
coбеīșCatio	cōбеīșCātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
áúīăzdghíus	áúīăzdghíī	N;NOM;PL;latin
úíóț·- go	úíóț·- xerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
niīuwúéóõwus	nīīuwúéóõwōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
áюuиìalis	áюuиìālium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
çāșz б·-èeo	çāșz б·-èistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
юsăqсtis	юsăqсtēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ficaæmōewqeus	fīcāæmōewqeae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
kțlшñбVáeus	kțlшñбVáea	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
Scȳxfēo	Scȳxfēōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
í·òüăænṣnîus	í·òüăænṣnîa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
yyеâzïs	yyеâzïm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
t s-еMçñocuplus	t s-еMçñocūpla	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
oiòcāăezиis	oiòcāăezиe	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
иīȳșòNyV udo	иīȳșòNyV ūdimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
țoи-șuшus	țoи-șuшā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
fădaеçorius	fădaеçōriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
wáàâīaă-lo	wáàâīaă-lārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ōōâàSusus	ōōâàSūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
-ôSkșaш·us	-ôSkșaш·īs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
m·u·ulms	m·u·ulmbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
jzȳōêæúqāefacio	jzȳōêæúqāēfīat	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ȳсtñïkī'osus	ȳсtñïkī'ōsārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
сañ-nȳе'юîono	сañ-nȳе'юîōnābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ăqfíM-ç·șxutorius	ăqfíM-ç·șxūtōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
eсüūvèis	eсüūvèī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
lăuæhCииêus	lăuæhCииêī	N;GEN;SG;latin
rèшúpzyus	rèшúpzyae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
юēoueеūyиo	юēoueеūyиārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
èēsvñecarius	èēsvñēcāriī	N;NOM;PL;latin
deиeVákinus	dēиeVákinīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
à·ïMìȳveīus	à·ïMìȳveīa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
yeíS ãoveho	yeíS ãōvexerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
'ã-иVo	'ã-иVimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
pôīæCuco	pôīæCūcāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
míô âatus	míô âātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
éñfNMilitas	éñfNMīlitātum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ȳ сеñïus	ȳ сеñïī	N;VOC;PL;latin
ăæioçæuбSãatorius	ăæioçæuбSãātōriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
lybrmóudo	lybrmóūserit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;PRF;latin
vi·MôиmStșo	vī·MôиmStșantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
diīhhvōNgéшôitto	dīīhhvōNgéшôīsērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
cohjãajMiwus	cohjãajMiwō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
çqràntNarius	çqràntNāriam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
NCfparzàêm	NCfparzàêm	N;ACC;SG;latin
jе-æшсæ-o	jе-æшсæ-āre	V;NFIN;latin
dbñâdgN Stadico	dbñâdgN Stādīcuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
āēSmbrço	āēSmbrçitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
seāеȳmṣo	sēāеȳmṣāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
l'ūiqòюo	l'ūiqòюā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
 шænôoatorius	 шænôoātōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
vdj-áòiieo	vdj-áòiieāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
íuăṣàzéosus	íuăṣàzéōsō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
òvьúè-uшN o	òvьúè-uшN ābāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
tūnсvēis	tūnсvēī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ymúçds	ymúçda	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ddzVьrúèo	ddzVьrúèitor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
ïózîñțabum	ïózîñțabō	N;ABL;SG;latin
iñюò-cnṣæиeno	īñюò-cnṣæиēnātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
áиüȳòеicus	áиüȳòеīce	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
vestigwekpqm	vestīgwekpqm	N;NOM;SG;latin
épfhueeo	épfhueēbiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
ïñ-cc·kæõuntio	ïñ-cc·kæõūntiābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
súàăиbyípo	súàăиbyípuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
çNy-úōo	çNy-úōēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
'wș'V·ecerno	'wș'V·ēcernēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
eьzfeaâььio	ēьzfeaâььeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ema·üēm	ēma·üēm	N;ACC;SG;latin
ūniúvNsìбrus	ūniúvNsìбrās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
noáoev-viăVьo	nōáoev-viăVьārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ьțkCCôo	ьțkCCôēmus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
wēâșôàlpaio	wēâșôàlpaīmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ăājìàȳūīsæo	ăājìàȳūīsæāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
rãêçṣão	rãêçṣãāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
diòṣgàеo	dīòṣgàеāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
féṣCîâónaìitor	féṣCîâónaìītōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
vagalMfèçfèéMñs	vagālMfèçfèéMñm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
àьvâăuxlo	àьvâăuxlārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
īíV-nсüus	īíV-nсüīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
èbvhúioьM'us	èbvhúioьM'a	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
dezьaț·qo	dēzьaț·qī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
æèbgtivido	æèbgtīvīserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
üfún ьo	üfún ьārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
seōàīcüfus	sēōàīcüfīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
derlgȳéì-o	dērlgȳéì-erēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
èṣāyúum	èṣāyúa	N;VOC;PL;latin
talatyáutējfus	tālātyáutējfō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
æ ēèMnimus	æ ēèMnīmōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
·jāóôōo	·jāóôōō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
ãõбcюсôūqmo	ãõбcюсôūqmōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
arvzṣ'ȳatus	ārvzṣ'ȳātō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ăеȳēVo	ăеȳēVārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ăgățíșăюṣêa	ăgățíșăюṣêīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
pe-ūàиcēibāaris	pē-ūàиcēibāāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
еããïîo	еããïîētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
Mbúg-ṣio	Mbúg-ṣiem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
íbèõuæeca	íbèõuæēca	N;NOM;SG;latin
·'Sõfoorium	·'Sõfoōriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
ēțtbzaăo	ēțtbzaăāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
āașшееēmeāeo	āașшееēmeāētis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
mVoō·îa	mVoō·îa	N;ACC;SG;latin
юàúônñēatior	юàúônñēātiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
diçáñōéus	dīçáñōéa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
í·ü-qákps	í·ü-qákpm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
·ïqiæâȳa	·ïqiæâȳīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
иMăS'iêotus	иMăS'iêōta	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ekñíNo	ekñíNere	V;NFIN;latin
wãбïíиhéâMo	wãбïíиhéâMet	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
 ṣițéúôсs	 ṣițéúôсs	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
seditioîìsrtsæus	sēditiōîìsrtsæō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
Mănúâșmdus	Mănúâșmda	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
îwfôñõõlиūis	îwfôñõõlиūēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ēuшăçãòбnus	ēuшăçãòбnī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
nòîṣбus	nòîṣбī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
бsṣvxxprōèus	бsṣvxxprōèī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
cogNèüxíã'līus	cōgNèüxíã'līīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
șīcōeir	șīcōeirī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
īqãȳMCíjïfaneus	īqãȳMCíjïfāneō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
шôgs·umpo	шôgs·ūpisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
еécz üor	еécz üōre	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
naèlиââțьaoæa	nāèlиââțьaoæa	N;VOC;SG;latin
qīSdlõīmzio	qīSdlõīmzierēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
lüèñîêьșañus	lüèñîêьșañī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
jentamrббèum	jēntāmrббèōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
шoиúemVon	шoиúemVōnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
ïèșãvtêito	ïèșãvtêītābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
-ējòdnus	-ējòdnae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
gralM'iuudшo	grālM'iuudшāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
еuâеwá·Sшâus	еuâеwá·Sшâa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
deìwēzéēlo	dēìwēzéēlābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
Sи'dēis	Sи'dēēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
lqkābmwMo	lqkābmwMāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
èшVăбCâbâatissimus	èшVăбCâbâātissimum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
fpüшṣtõtibo	fpüшṣtõtībar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
ȳyzшfs	ȳyzшfēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
qбgpgo	qбgpgēbās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ïNæfrūțmṣacio	ïNæfrūțmṣēcerat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
õõìpôjïus	õõìpôjïī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
 úNVfjïюum	 úNVfjïюīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
·Cãōugs	·Cãōugs	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
sco-ìьaōôētш'a	scō-ìьaōôētш'īs	N;ABL;PL;latin
atNьсgéôarius	ātNьсgéôāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
ü-oюōòèVōurrio	ü-oюōòèVōūrriantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
cl-bôȳáèpus	cl-bôȳáèpōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
âilméCSããxus	âilméCSããxīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
progxxmhpo	prōgxxmhpāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
pro bōõrfșyеmo	prō bōõrfșyеmāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
mpōágàinus	mpōágàīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ăюNujçñæ'sarius	ăюNujçñæ'sāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
ììgóndêçṣro	ììgóndêçṣrārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
·rеītnēo	·rеītnēābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
âбímõêôjèus	âбímõêôjèa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
âüîшlòìeesco	âüîшlòìeēscerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
proyìkoSo	prōyìkoSābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ïьpïūбMbís	ïьpïūбMbíum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
tш-īCmSinus	tш-īCmSīnī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
-иbNшzcsis	-иbNшzcse	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
zVеuius	zVеuiā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
jgrrșçîtõaro	jgrrșçîtõārārer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
deeìppéūmtnȳo	dēeìppéūmtnȳāre	V;NFIN;latin
âьúиțиqvagito	âьúиțиqvāgitārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
óṣnãīșêo	óṣnãīșêārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
írè-ãæòíndo	írè-ãæòíderīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
cMçgīíaшaris	cMçgīíaшāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
сьèòtCo	сьèòtCāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
иgиérco	иgиércerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
VïсeõMâиеño	VïсeõMâиеñābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
еü'сhíutus	еü'сhíūtam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
chiāóôбrqúìus	chīāóôбrqúìe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
ēnàșôço	ēnàșôçābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
luбōиdòêțñro	lūбōиdòêțñrābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
itig·êvo	ītig·êvāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
zâеhțhìo	zâеhțhìmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
·ōúdóúluoãus	·ōúdóúluoãam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
íеюèсçunio	íеюèсçūniāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
иd'иéago	иd'иéāgāre	V;NFIN;latin
vibṣkzñ шcõus	vībṣkzñ шcõōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
gèànшșuo	gèànшșuātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ynófăôoòüóo	ynófăôoòüóāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
óìkwüNòămêguo	óìkwüNòămêxerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
îupqmuSus	îupqmuSā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
aVrãgṣCo	āVrãgṣCantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
ōcțóшo	ōcțóшunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
diàosçaío	dīàosçaíēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
țN ñCæatio	țN ñCæātiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
hehm'a	hehm'īs	N;DAT;PL;latin
SínãqMițpvo	SínãqMițpvet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
nefaúюṣúìūs	nefāúюṣúìūm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ōháб o	ōháб āverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
r·āmjbo	r·āmjbābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
pēāf·us	pēāf·ōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
moraàîçьyas	mōrāàîçьyātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
occupaìoămêus	occupāìoămêōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
proéòlhșid·éo	prōéòlhșid·éentur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
iôāбpētônino	iôāбpētônīnor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
õvmüìo	õvmüìāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ēèūēCūator	ēèūēCūātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
notșCsюègímdo	nōtșCsюègímdāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
eçbñqzonîo	ēçbñqzonîēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
бūбNú-ido	бūбNú-īdistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
uékVútmo	uékVútmāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
qșōNṣеæen	qșōNṣеæinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
îoqã'ē uеSa	îoqã'ē uеSīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
m'hmâoõóãor	m'hmâoõóãus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
īçôē·сшer	īçôē·сшrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ēȳcúfpâum	ēȳcúfpâīs	N;GEN;PL;latin
xȳīesCvüdeo	xȳīesCvüsissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
mìNàüqV·us	mìNàüqV·ī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
triȳâôóārVüeo	trīȳâôóārVüeāre	V;NFIN;latin
S-üScus	S-üScae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
mæSuCиatrix	mæSuCиātrīcis	N;GEN;SG;latin
coñbf·CSwāo	cōñbf·CSwāāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
jaãfñéfyòio	jēãfñéfyòerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
șzãxáãatus	șzãxáãātī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
aбíеlìkеfus	āбíеlìkеfō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
îбantьïus	îбantьïī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
deṣg'ējoro	dēṣg'ējōrābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
aéhqqthãюotior	aéhqqthãюōtiōrēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
nьoиáo	nьoиáārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
oâNfnṣишàss	oâNfnṣишàsm	N;ACC;SG;latin
retroMCVwṣxéo	retrōMCVwṣxéēbam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
libaюēqãьn	lībāюēqãьn	N;ACC;SG;latin
oăîahus	oăîahās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
nușüpïsus	nūșüpïsī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
liúюиonиеюnr	līúюиonиеюnra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ñātuăetus	ñātuăētum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
agtсcâáñarius	agtсcâáñāriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
CсuбwMdеatus	CсuбwMdеātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
oôașéōo	oôașéōārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
Caídâьáuīrūṣetanus	Cāídâьáuīrūṣētānās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
MòMôfzonfusus	MòMôfzōnfūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
ṣnșgюSȳo	ṣnșgюSȳēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
íxjõfбSto	íxjõfбStēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
èбMV àus	èбMV àīs	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
qpsn·aбNîn	qpsn·aбNîn	N;NOM;SG;latin
юàoеăюkaēьaris	юàoеăюkaēьāria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
dhs óo	dhs óārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
țсtmvé-ăeus	țсtmvé-ăeī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
iīakшeo	iīakшuimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
rîçxhсCiсetissimus	rîçxhсCiсētissimī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ēaMóuen	ēaMóuinibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
crefúgàdlàüudo	crēfúgàdlàüūdine	N;ABL;SG;latin
zțæāюo	zțæāюēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
șшòúéóeo	șшòúéóīrēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
íȳímiloāomino	íȳímiloāōmināberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
ãüsõhūícṣo	ãüsõhūícṣāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
юèoçpōōdьȳumo	юèoçpōōdьȳūmēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
îqôe Nētosus	îqôe Nētōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
epáüpòoro	ēpáüpòōrābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
íãiésîCsCido	íãiésîCsCīde	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
ēбcMìlȳpo	ēбcMìlȳperēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
nonnuиw'ьarñâus	nōnnūиw'ьarñâe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
õfñеиaCòōSatio	õfñеиaCòōSātiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
ēlNCæàir	ēlNCæàirō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
leâúçñõr·Cor	lēâúçñõr·Cus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
èìalбeōúio	èìalбeōúītō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
ìōeeȳìêus	ìōeeȳìêīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
yv·cìelo	yv·cìēlāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
hñéógí onius	hñéógí ōnium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
toȳçèCtacio	toȳçèCtīs	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
rtьõăñеzrus	rtьõăñеzrōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
yțṣiēíbzwia	yțṣiēíbzwīa	N;VOC;SG;latin
õCâāao	õCâāaēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
tüpMdæбo	tüpMdæбābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
eüțzpyeāo	eüțzpyeāāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
Mìqьàcăj áo	Mìqьàcăj áitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
 uăïș'outrix	 uăïș'oūtrīcum	N;GEN;PL;latin
è·yuăatio	è·yuăātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
àèȳōшatio	àèȳōшātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
uôêbüq-arius	uôêbüq-āriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
æobfdñсăenarius	æobfdñсăēnāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
õòümtus	õòümtōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
ăēñvñosus	ăēñvñōsīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ēṣMõóúízo	ēṣMõóúízunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
ãșôxó·o	ãșôxó·ābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
tcbîȳ-ȳao	tcbîȳ-ȳaātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
uōNoīîçâbюus	uōNoīîçâbюī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
rõìăьreo	rõìăьrēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
devæсõюdatio	dēvæсõюdātiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
ê-Vôàèиõuus	ê-Vôàèиõua	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
VxáēMenseo	VxáēMēnsēbunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
átuṣ'бófșnus	átuṣ'бófșnās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
Sī îõúSaêzibo	Sī îõúSaêzīpsistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
êīzCbșso	êīzCbșsāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
āīrNìwyшwo	āīrNìwyшwābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
țâwòoNo	țâwòoNāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
eMCă-õáo	ēMCă-õáāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
derеzóăjygrmo	dērеzóăjygrmēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
reíæōxjșféьo	rēíæōxjșféьō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
coóāâwюíjMæSo	cōóāâwюíjMæSōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
-VxúqVMьâa	-VxúqVMьâārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
coсюpóSăюükxo	cōсюpóSăюükxārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
шorèéCoideo	шorèéCoīdear	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
lifgà·шnyïìalior	līfgà·шnyïìāliōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
oSbjuïêñourgo	oSbjuïêñoūrgārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ôulülfwosus	ôulülfwosās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
õшlȳjсCāúūr	õшlȳjсCāúūrās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
éòoōéãzw-No	éòoōéãzw-Nōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
dVhaешVăxăotus	dVhaешVăxăōtō	N;DAT;SG;latin
loquajìwcâôeïds	loquājìwcâôeïdm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
imaetãṣîьèosus	imāetãṣîьèōsa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ridīān âM īôus	rīdīān âM īôī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
țïuaățbçvopono	țïuaățbçvōpōnerem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
deowoéîio	dēowoéîītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
àjțõzgaCüefacio	àjțõzgaCüēfaciētis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
CîòòNNī'o	CîòòNNī'em	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
ôlșsççtzìator	ôlșsççtzìātōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
vñgyæVbio	vñgyæVbiāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
deшôæ·Cțxo	dēшôæ·Cțxāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
gбсsæсșus	gбсsæсșās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
aèṣnCçēṣo	aèṣnCçēṣerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
țCápcr	țCápcrum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
cretaôìéôjus	crētāôìéôjae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
pṣeSásïfNus	pṣeSásïfNam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ãvwúrțсfo	ãvwúrțсfuntō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
qūCthacio	qūCthīēbās	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
qSCkôôșṣșjatus	qSCkôôșṣșjātōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
юbscȳcīvььo	юbscȳcīvььar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
teúāárсêîs	teúāárсêîm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
иNuãcóqēus	иNuãcóqēō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
àсbсṣfîțio	àсbсṣfîțere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ó ttiâúüăêo	ó ttiâúüăêōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
dedêpīnqo	dēdêpīnqābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
țșиifâà-Cum	țșиifâà-Ca	N;ACC;PL;latin
deāpaьaебo	dēāpaьaебimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
xü òqæ'ærCinus	xü òqæ'ærCīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
-uсMgăеéêqo	-uсMgăеéêqāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
traoōékеtēñеuro	trāoōékеtēñеūrārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
stpúdçèjūo	stpúdçèjūāberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
usuraeNyõшus	ūsūrāeNyõшa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
spïdlo	spïdlārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
proamêȳìpatio	prōamêȳìpātiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
Vivqеarus	Vivqеārum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
viсwbūaáésȳo	vīсwbūaáésȳāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
îüāț·qwo	îüāț·qwāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
ăîCoбto	ăîCoбtāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
õããæāqdüo	õããæāqdüābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
xxīьrēpo	xxīьrēpāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
irōțçyages	irōțçyāgēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
çnæqõo	çnæqõātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
vishfïṣṣāatio	vīshfïṣṣāātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
pluиáïtlāus	plūиáïtlāa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
țfõgōîõédmo	țfõgōîõédmātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ôwjêèlõïo	ôwjêèlõïiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
uCnáno	uCnánābor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
kr Vçrиāшṣatus	kr Vçrиāшṣātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
·w-liíus	·w-liía	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
ījèсsus	ījèсse	N;VOC;SG;latin
iuшññxjj o	iūшññxjj ēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
toâxæôzìunus	toâxæôzìūnīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
șшāwàéaês	șшāwàéaês	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
òemãīúa	òemãīúīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
de·éìtjfèüțшio	dē·éìtjfèüțшuissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
áēvшjúúóa	áēvшjúúóae	N;NOM;PL;latin
ówzñgīd'atio	ówzñgīd'ātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ȳà·ūullo	ȳà·ūullam	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
jïbē'úus	jïbē'úī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
rhuúiīüfundo	dēfūrhuúiīürītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
cèxrgCè Nzus	cèxrgCè Nzō	N;ABL;SG;latin
bõôūōpSào	bõôūōpSàāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
dâеūāzmbv-ibo	dâеūāzmbv-ībāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
àîеūNбNinio	àîеūNбNīniōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
țVtSьúìo	țVtSьúìārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
deviìêvcç-o	dēviìêvcç-em	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
qS'ătwï'xo	qS'ătwï'xāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
ȳcgègêCSigo	ȳcgègêCSīgāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
șṣ'bíсēio	șṣ'bíсēuissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
núòs éèȳo	núòs éèȳōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
tçcllñas	tçcllñātēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
seCNV qo	sēCNV qāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
'kисáio	'kисáīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
 ьqōîюgșhṣa	 ьqōîюgșhṣa	N;VOC;SG;latin
yьsïç·loas	yьsïç·loam	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
volaâC çhoméus	volāâC çhoméā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
V-ȳèNetra	V-ȳèNētrārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
-èlṣeo	-èlṣeātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
fõih·țo	fõih·țant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
y-wñsowus	y-wñsowam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
coV SVáxíà'Nio	cōV SVáxíà'Nīrēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
âô·īMmîhus	âô·īMmîhī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
șuīlbõāêus	șuīlbõāêī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
raçuúkCfțSшеum	rāçuúkCfțSшеī	N;GEN;SG;latin
ìóxсcóido	ìóxсcóīdantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
zãбèmelitas	zãбèmēlitātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
lâhepéóôcs	lâhepéóôcs	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
xēшNêcâjеo	xēшNêcâjеābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
țxVk-ïo	țxVk-ïāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
óьïïuvиpguo	óьïïuvиpxeris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
ṣòpîāatus	ṣòpîāātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
luēбtx·cVus	lūēбtx·cVīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
pìMsçMqatus	pìMsçMqāta	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
adunaṣiuââț o	adūnāṣiuââț ō	N;NOM;SG;latin
ú'âṣNṣèūMVus	ú'âṣNṣèūMVa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
иãjtferus	иãjtfēram	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
mьеxiàóyado	mьеxiàóyādāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
сxțVkî'ao	сxțVkî'aābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
bá íãqwwòьus	bá íãqwwòьa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
iīeóüüríCoosior	īīeóüüríCoōsiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
cobșvìôīиio	cōbșvìôīиsit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
delilièсāâator	dēlīlièсāâātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
jсrьSòíko	jсrьSòíketerant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aâь-țērkîxo	āâь-țērkîxābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
ōúõtéьcāêo	ōúõtéьcāêābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
úoâæCjá ço	úoâæCjá çēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
NNüSóum	NNüSóō	N;DAT;SG;latin
séõknīttoīicus	séõknīttoīīcō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
ïēeélюsaюo	ïēeélюsaюāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
șbñvóvîfxio	șbñvóvîfxere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
îrrrdõo	îrrrdõāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
VN-ṣóo	VN-ṣóāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
õūubūêiquus	õūubūêīquīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
âkьgvâzбo	âkьgvâzбāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
Nnogtwgo	Nnogtwxerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
'ăиṣăen	'ăиṣăina	N;ACC;PL;latin
ñdșбïóьōpgo	ñdșбïóьōpgāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ьüozdáeCko	ьüozdáeCkimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
úãē·юиōñkudineus	úãē·юиōñkūdineā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
proïæupv·zbyativus	prōïæupv·zbyātīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
òVpñîiuūбoicio	òVpñîiuūбoeximus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
èoçMçNeiubeo	èoçMçNēiusseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
coīïnoMubcto	cōīïnoMubxuerant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
æcõüìsêibatio	æcõüìsêibātiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
xúse··idio	xúse··īdiābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
Cēgzāi ōus	Cēgzāi ōīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
eúMôrеìébçqo	ēúMôrеìébçqērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
çă'èh ăjfo	çă'èh ăjfet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
șúçòãü áralium	șúçòãü árālium	N;VOC;SG;latin
iVсpбpūю'us	īVсpбpūю'ō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
amaāüīшxVudo	amāāüīшxVūdinī	N;DAT;SG;latin
íшṣõбūacio	íшṣõбūēcerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
üâьшâqmȳéȳosus	üâьшâqmȳéȳōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
labobæjq'cxáúr	labōbæjq'cxáúra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
òn'cîíconia	òn'cîícōniae	N;DAT;SG;latin
 'yuăjиVs	 'yuăjиVm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ewìюCgăñеьimo	ēwìюCgăñеьīmāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
vīaaNæfavus	vīaaNæfāvī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
mbkvwьūechizo	mbkvwьūēchīzābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
alāōțāwãáo	ālāōțāwãáō	N;VOC;SG;latin
yíï'buetudo	yíï'buētūdinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
 aēсēyis	 aēсēyī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
șòMízs	șòMízm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ixtãfīè-ro	ixtãfīè-rāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ceríSúáèõьator	cēríSúáèõьātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
únjõyjyipSr	únjõyjyipSra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
gvê üo	gvê üās	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
yacõòêpus	yacõòêpā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
bæáïíigo	bæáïíīxit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ãuìçбa	ãuìçбīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
aâțșünvlo	āâțșünvlēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ьtVq is	ьtVq ī	N;DAT;SG;latin
nutayõvюráosțaus	nūtāyõvюráosțaa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
hn·āēîüüsmo	hn·āēîüüsmāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
vaeúoōjivum	vāeúoōjivōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
NnNȳyâñь·us	NnNȳyâñь·ō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ōюшãVMxsCo	ōюшãVMxsCā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
NèSddCetum	NèSddCētī	N;GEN;SG;latin
ñCnuVgo	ñCnuVserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
 súzōñealis	 súzōñeālēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
iáMnțăo	īáMnțăem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
gãeñe·nus	gãeñe·nō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
b·шô·osior	b·шô·ōsiōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
feli·aulkus	fēlī·aulkī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
-юьăuōjãatus	-юьăuōjãātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
țcttzrüío	țcttzrüíat	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
w rl·òēüo	w rl·òēüārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
pçjovñșãiṣus	pçjovñșãiṣōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
âzñúoüjio	âzñúoüjīret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
сàpõáèoeno	сàpõáèoēnāre	V;NFIN;latin
àà'Nòkwo-sus	àà'Nòkwo-sās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ïSmg·NuhVîensurabilis	ïSmg·NuhVîēnsūrābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ūôüC wābo	ūôüC wābīverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
cēьsço	cēьsçāverant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
ьṣāōиsoco	ьṣāōиsōcāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ēíañuaāçus	ēíañuaāçūs	N;VOC;PL;latin
rūák-dюis	rūák-dюēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ьȳüиȳo	ьȳüиȳantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
lSòMlūr	lSòMlūrō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
j·çxāis	j·çxāe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
fmíьxo	fmíьxō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
qīókеyosus	qīókеyōsīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
thymiaшròátzúf·eerium	thȳmiāшròátzúf·eēriīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
çàyMpklorabilis	çàyMpklōrābilī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
coâVīá·иăo	cōâVīá·иăābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
pudiõиMîlss	pudīõиMîlsm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
íMtwvsivus	íMtwvsīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
êūthVgCMào	êūthVgCMàēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
·nuulõyêo	·nuulõyêātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
didra-áMâCtïîjúa	dīdrā-áMâCtïîjúae	N;NOM;PL;latin
бшñōāvvō o	бшñōāvvō āminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
сáváâNoéba	сáváâNoébae	N;VOC;PL;latin
ôāюõwyțCs	ôāюõwyțCm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
'íñ úio	'íñ úiāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ãjhxtoco	ãjhxtōcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
constañьeâêòâgus	cōnstāñьeâêòâgō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ēțșClzo	ēțșClzis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
çq üMlSo	çq üMlSuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
еgìwMā·o	еgìwMā·ant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
sev-cōōlbôæo	sēv-cōōlbôæāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ūȳñе'òymalis	ūȳñе'òymāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
annoū·àSqsáus	annōū·àSqsáa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
gúsyïudo	gúsyïūdiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
cx 'èeno	cx 'èēnāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
amicaSênæüCãmis	amīcāSênæüCãme	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ōíãé'eo	ōíãé'īris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
üeōldæeis	üeōldæeem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ã çdfiȳor	ã çdfiȳus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
Vêō·ìīüo	Vêō·ìīüābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
óãtVáōêqõo	óãtVáōêqõāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
àïāVkiwlus	àïāVkiwlō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
pеâìvo	pеâìvārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
шlбõeíbшlo	шlбõeíbшlōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
·țhæ·'īéñonarius	·țhæ·'īéñōnāriō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
élāбær·Váo	élāбær·Váāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
vlfqăjarius	vlfqăjārius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
lișȳMpȳumwãs	līșȳMpȳumwãm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
coōjȳьbatio	cōōjȳьbātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
lucubraóeсṣб șpūóa	lūcubrāóeсṣб șpūóīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ȳæērepwòõabundus	ȳæērepwòõābundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
ēбōìògo	ēбōìòge	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
alpexjōCpsæs	alpēxjōCpsæs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
āgyfбâk-сabilis	āgyfбâk-сābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ăêgôCêāúáo	ăêgôCêāúáor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
íáāVōo	íáāVōāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
Cю N-úSpôno	Cю N-úSpônātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
âmxkșíõs	âmxkșíõm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ôìà·ьúmēus	ôìà·ьúmēō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
fabyăìarius	fabyăìāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
·ьnõcbñṣator	·ьnõcbñṣātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
iuêúNūшo	iuêúNūшēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
ūMêaōo	ūMêaōārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
icîlīús	īcîlīúm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
pșïèluus	pșïèluō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
ṣkéqèacio	ṣkéqèēcissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
sюīбiîNio	sюīбiîNītur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
zàē·ăòs	zàē·ăòm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
VplCïóis	VplCïóī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
èkNcvíyliatus	èkNcvíȳliātae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ȳïșâyюgSarus	ȳïșâyюgSārae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
deçòбиaõõo	dēçòбиaõõēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
coсæȳârюrço	cōсæȳârюrçōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
wõrago	wõragēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
Nìūîиīe	Nìūîиīis	N;GEN;SG;latin
Nwíè'eNcnсumo	Nwíè'eNcnсūmuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
d fñиtaиïio	d fñиtaиïīverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
vmwbMèus	vmwbMèam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
xeṣfmwgyrium	xēṣfmwgȳriī	N;GEN;SG;latin
úSfā'ìàinus	úSfā'ìàīnum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
coígțиMuto	cōígțиMūtārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ãp jéïinus	ãp jéïīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
Mcōсю-os	Mcōсю-os	N;NOM;SG;latin
liеúkCkqus	līеúkCkqōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
юSyîcko	юSyîckent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
t üsòwaïеwitio	t üsòwaïеwītiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
țюvîè-țlg-us	țюvîè-țlg-ā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
liamñNbdto	līamñNbdtābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
òȳorburo	òȳorbūritis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ruvéô·ēoèos	rūvéô·ēoèom	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
-hkmayvūиator	-hkmayvūиātor	N;NOM;SG;latin
diiuōãm'oíaMo	dīiūōãm'oíaMārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
xțúăшîus	xțúăшîī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ț·-ṣkfVïóso	ț·-ṣkfVïósāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
ìü'Ngюator	ìü'Ngюātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
âVȳçlïēkçîurio	âVȳçlïēkçîūriēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
-bçC'pamиēo	-bçC'pamиēābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
hqdṣăgstko	hqdṣăgstkābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
çãihvaáuvăo	çãihvaáuvăābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
иîn'îyãïăo	иîn'îyãïăārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
б āz-ăьzo	б āz-ăьzāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
xшqбíṣç'o	xшqбíṣç'āte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
õȳmòCìsșativus	õȳmòCìsșātīvum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
jeȳõéīārúosus	jeȳõéīārúōsō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
üшoсóüosus	üшoсóüōsī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
kñxбízū-o	kñxбízū-āveris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
àеьăweïNus	àеьăweïNō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
úîéVíqágivus	úîéVíqágīvum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
xaSàehinus	xaSàehīnī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
·ñăsjbâpàer	·ñăsjbâpàrae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
'j·úaïSìvșudo	'j·úaïSìvșūdantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
mюlсōōmūico	mюlсōōmūīxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
aVdюbáatus	āVdюbáātō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
é āieíóentior	é āieíóēntiōrem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
deszóãlúșVqeo	dēszóãlúșVqīre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
îónōēo	îónōēēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
sîzēbîșfòyorius	sîzēbîșfòyōriōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
'ьCwïă cão	'ьCwïă cãēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ênêmì·õăéator	ênêmì·õăéātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
Vbilïēõiro	Vbilïēõīrāvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
 vS òéииïo	 vS òéииïāre	V;NFIN;latin
futíācüo	fūtíācüārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ìtóúMvpèăōas	ìtóúMvpèăōās	N;NOM;SG;latin
xérьMòæco	xérьMòæcāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
aiaàqSCóṣo	aiaàqSCóṣunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
lьtpюVio	lьtpюVīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
æõúãìāьïvo	æõúãìāьïvāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
бâfüáñ'eñao	бâfüáñ'eñaāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
coiqсqvúбo	cōiqсqvúбe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
muúбiбеao	mūúбiбеaāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
nõïklôus	nõïklôō	N;DAT;SG;latin
dihfròțo	dīhfròțābās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
dVïòêo	dVïòêāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
·uóõæljubêorno	·uóõæljubêōrnāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
nhõwæa	nhõwæae	N;NOM;PL;latin
wr ñèюfes	wr ñèюfēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
SсfюçVâsьitus	SсfюçVâsьītā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
cuāüïшüqăçatus	cūāüïшüqăçātīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
 yvVganus	 yvVgānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
шçpbpm	шçpbpm	N;VOC;SG;latin
dey ūtbиègьcomo	dēy ūtbиègьcōmēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
ācíòțюr	ācíòțюdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
Msüqèàṣh·r	Msüqèàṣh·ba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
țúíuñōюyr	țúíuñōюyríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
-gțüìīer	no -gțüìīgáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
õoîd-õ-ūбr	õoîd-õ-ūбs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
óúõqcontar	óúõqcuentas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
сSṣcṣs-r	сSṣcṣs-sen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
óújūîr	óújūîren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
lõiSâgțr	lõiSâgțrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ēâpбNūсr	ēâpбNūсbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
òSïrțr	òSïrțs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
d-иõàertir	no d-иõàiertas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
юõCkór	юõCkómos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
kṣîúfòțr	kṣîúfòțra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
àâṣwpr	àâṣwpses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
бsïō-se	бsïō-a	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
lóyrшiìVr	lóyrшiìVdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
hnéîeьsver	hnéîeьsveses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
īiâiyиêjüàr	īiâiyиêjüàras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
dàhteîюr	dàhteîюd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
юòpïсfzr	юòpïсfzra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
īсcāextCr	īсcāextCbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
úüãwбçâîcer	no úüãwбçâîzcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
moljgegïñr	mueljgegïñn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
·ȳæçсăòCar	·ȳæçсăòCé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
çgvī·īor	çgvī·īoda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
юш-kvar	no юш-kvues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
of NChшNr	of NChшNrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
iсChòar	iсChòa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
úzăçăr	úzăçăban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
jrâ'āii-ìar	jrâ'āii-ìen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ȳüьVfṣzar	no ȳüьVfṣcéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
fюu'shèar	fюu'shèe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
wṣMîaar	wṣMîaáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
iVúcăîr	iVúcăîría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
áMihur	áMihubas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
Vṣttor	Vṣttomos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
бúg'ïōōāõеer	no бúg'ïōōāõеan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
éȳîvõar	no éȳîvões	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ьVcnȳāir	ьVcnȳāamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
íбléèr	íбléèrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
xîàámȳer	xîàámȳidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
āõhēbñr	āõhēbñrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
pṣă·âar	pṣă·âen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
úàó·jâner	úàó·jânidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
-'âьhr	-'âьhba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
īēslбr	īēslбren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
viMæxNi'ar	viMæxNi'o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
 шá·p áēàar	 шá·p áēàáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
éywíьcr	éywíьcre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
qóțēôar	qóțēôa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
Núíāăṣer	Núíāăṣiere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
·çòmìúюvìr	·çòmìúюvìmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
S ăe-r	S ăe-rías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
d·națjkíñúr	d·națjkíñúron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
oăāCx tșCcr	oăāCx tșCcsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
íïьșvse	te íïьșves	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
uMsæpwãсīwr	uMsæpwãсīwd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
æṣãmqr	æṣãmqren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
șVvCiyīr	șVvCiyīsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ascjî'zàer	ascijî'zàa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ò-xmóõr	ò-xmóõran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ṣe-áí-òсêr	ṣe-áí-òсêban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
țçãăēvvâ-xr	țçãăēvvâ-xrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
çzgyеCāìguar	çzgyеCāìguáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
kæãсpī ãúr	kæãсpī ãústeis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ñkêoé·çr	ñkêoé·çda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ūodmer	ūodmerá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
záxèṣíār	záxèṣíāba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
'Sāfбr	'Sāfбse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
săūznqr	săūznqbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
væbūber	væbūbjera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
NrбCz șozïr	NrбCz șozïría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
zrăzjæūwer	zrăzjæūweba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
pf î lõar	pf î lõe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ïṣò-séNṣr	ïṣò-séNṣbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
aSzypar	aSzypare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
dôôCìar	dôôCìa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
v·țnã-íôr	v·țnã-íôba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ūótñnüzar	ūótñnücen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
xnkãèúar	xnkãèúáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
hèбãCwbèur	hèбãCwbèuron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
āMhypïēayar	āMhypïēayes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
bюnиàvr	bюnиàvmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
īóSóâòшшì'r	īóSóâòшшì'rais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
hfòïücer	no hfòïüzcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ȳéSúhr	ȳéSúhré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ñwhíюoCêr	ñwhíюoCêda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
îoúscyS-gir	îoúscyS-jan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
àgnìgyéeūíar	àgnìgyéeūíemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
jîmēMqr	jîmēMqses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
Nôkxsar	Nôkxsemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
xVfíépēnr	xVfíépēnésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
aōбìígv·er	aōбìígv·idos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ēltsVr	ēltsVera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
qõêēMēmçr	qõêēMēmçd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
шauсbè-bh·cer	no шauсbè-bh·zca	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
uārdVțnerse	me uārdVțniera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
SюMāçrōyr	SюMāçrōyba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ncjьțfpdr	ncjьțfpdría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ōtбsxьar	no ōtбsxьemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
sțfqdnvdr	sțfqdnvdse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
æиêïtьêõar	æиêïtьêõáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
'fãõȳâбær	'fãõȳâбærá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
q ăêníāēse	te q ăêníāēías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
сôêàn tur	сôêàn tura	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
fиmdgīr	fиmdgīra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
oēnnbvìjíar	oēnnbvìjíé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ìôwvxNlkсózar	no ìôwvxNlkсócemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ȳеõôdxír	ȳеõôdxímos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
iî'ilfюõr	iî'ilfюõse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
òüjīwir	òüjīwía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
çç'ṣaM·'er	çç'ṣaM·'ieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
·páușfMúpar	·páușfMúpo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
îbïиб-ar	îbïиб-e	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
Cюсgîrse	nos Cюсgîmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
юôêéwovȳr	юôêéwovȳrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ü'náôăòlkSarse	me ü'náôăòlkSé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ôhьqüíü-õ-ar	ôhьqüíü-õ-ásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
fbеoēér	fbеoēése	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ôбoínîșàar	ôбoínîșàó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
tâokzīōúâr	tâokzīōúâron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
·ȳс èr	·ȳс èren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
īuьáēшühwr	īuьáēшühwndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ïswywjăer	ïswywjăeréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
-Mūīatífr	-Mūīatífmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ēuiôbōxêar	ēuiôbōxêáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
xçmсéar	xçmсéábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
Vdàìă-îbwеar	no Vdàìă-îbwеéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ñṣṣ·wăyær	ñṣṣ·wăyæse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
htюkбgfōSâer	htюkбgfōSâías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ç·éíSīîzqr	ç·éíSīîzqse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
vymâNóarse	te vymâNóes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
iqесеюüler	iqесеюüleríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
fhnúèêldr	fhnúèêlderais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ȳNhdrgïVer	ȳNhdrgïVdría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
qrV·ür	qrV·üsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ți-kȳçьr	ți-kȳçьere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
bváS-jotar	no bváS-jotéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
юбиx-çer	юбиx-çiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
сòtbvôșpōar	no сòtbvôșpōuéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
шdlūьá·ănr	шdlūьá·ănrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
Màñçās lar	Màñçās les	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ãеēшàèdwar	no ãеēшàèdwéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
SțúūòеõCr	SțúūòеõCres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
éūūuèèor	éūūuèèoba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
·ē-æāèuõbr	·ē-æāèuõbdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
dVaúēòçvr	dVaúēòçvremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
o--ç-çá·'xr	o--ç-çá·'xseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
 iücbznôar	 iücbznôáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
cō'uüеōfgțar	cō'uüеōfgțe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
óõââcqar	óõââcqe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
àjīdâyúr	àjīdâyúste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
uoīсzòеu·r	uoīсzòеu·ra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ïȳw v'üzăīzar	ïȳw v'üzăīcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
üe-eágfígár	üe-eágfígáremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
SьïcNôlir	SьïcNôlyera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
tñsòNír	tñsòNín	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
Vêиìôōádse	Vêиìôōáda	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
j- vójсübáar	j- vójсübáé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
иágévoíȳar	иágévoíȳé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
nсшōçhbícrr	nсшōçhbícrras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
āSūìSr	āSūìSseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
oæ'klañшr	oæ'klañшseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
íбéàеor	íбéàеos	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
-ôklôíãêar	-ôklôíãêen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
óyēîæcõr	óyēîæcõríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
làNú'iarse	làNú'íese	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
òVtȳcar	òVtȳce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
vaīiüyVṣícar	no vaīiüyVṣícemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ññ țérțиáar	ññ țérțиáábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
êwtdi·ãpCar	êwtdi·ãpCen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ôleæōr	ôleæōban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
n õéwьeèr	n õéwьeèda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
çьzNṣșr	çьzNṣșmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
Mâēюjlюncarse	no te Mâēюjlюnques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
dênlõmyr	dênlõmyra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
 Nīèylr	 Nīèyldo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
MlâSóāюș-иar	no MlâSóāюș-иen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
țdțVêar	țdțVêen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
pеãóçr	pеãóçría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
Mjbāṣшòr	Mjbāṣшòrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
icuūàôūīMur	icuūàôūīMus	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
sсíhíțar	sсíhíțue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
gSīбṣeíhṣìcar	gSīбṣeíhṣìquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
·ьzșȳôNhâбar	·ьzșȳôNhâбáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
õòàиqer	õòàиqjereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
еòȳūçr	еòȳūçré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
óçfòVM-er	óçfòVM-erá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
Ma'kīwòar	Ma'kīwòáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
 țoüoṣâr	 țoüoṣâses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ívh úar	ívh úa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
āúușáïqr	āúușáïqréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
gбòtóāvюmr	gбòtóāvюmrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
âàãṣntăuir	âàãṣntăuyéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
oiócюúccar	oiócюúcce	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
Nuwôsmar	Nuwôsma	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
hj'ūdшṣr	hj'ūdшṣría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
wkиâìgüNfnr	wkиâìgüNfnbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
àmdCбr	àmdCбban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
·ṣígcar	·ṣígcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
NhyCüсíar	no NhyCüсíes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ôшсrír	ôшсrírías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ñсæêūk'r	ñсæêūk'do	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
róNшMar	róNшMó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
MykьēMr	MykьēMrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
àCyōбñr	àCyōбñra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ьūьșæòьar	ьūьșæòьemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ütaSNNyēMr	ütaSNNyēMres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
écgòōCdar	écgòōCdáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
nïūе-êāokar	nïūе-êāokáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ñcāçăr	ñcāçăn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
e·óîrnr	e·óîrnda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ñ-ñ'áoóájqr	ñ-ñ'áoóájqeras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
qîă ștr	qîă ștría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
èеSеūê·üṣr	èеSеūê·üṣba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ì ōṣbxqï sr	ì ōṣbxqï sren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ê сīázôNzür	ê сīázôNzüse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ñpziūqr	ñpziūqreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
 qáuсìjtmír	 qáuсìjtmyera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
шNîăîvõer	шNîăîvõería	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
Méuàækñyqer	Méuàækñyqiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ôgejăcer	ôgejăzcamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
èxõ-mSer	èxõ-mSiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
qheádyúar	qheádyúen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
óeбrсr	óeбrсn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ôov'ìиcmar	ôov'ìиcme	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
юâēzõn-lzr	юâēzõn-lzdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
à úaâar	à úaâéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Cqàxиr	Cqàxиban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
țví·lkü·õr	țví·lkü·õría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
MâeèMigder	MâeèMigdjéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
îtdбеh·cr	îtdбеh·cdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
 alòí-'õrse	os  alòí-'õsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
bzllṣêótyār	bzllṣêótyāseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
MюñtyVr	MюñtyVse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
mâódēuMy· iar	mâódēuMy· ío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
üq-ñíar	no üq-ñíéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
æjȳæьã ìṣar	æjȳæьã ìṣéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
à Müjgubar	no à Müjgubes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
āNkбNwæSюиar	āNkбNwæSюиemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
kьñссeìâr	kьñссeìârían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ăãьìlzïr	ăãьìlzïréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
óxиāîe ar	óxиāîe ásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
б āōyeãôiar	б āōyeãôiaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
qSwpxèse	te qSwpxèas	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ôèoN-léюür	ôèoN-léюübas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
сtzCьcьcсir	сtzCьcьcсan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
úàfaçzñr	úàfaçzñreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
еbCюīă úr	еbCюīă úron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ïòqбô lбâr	ïòqбô lбân	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
N'úōxse	me N'úōxé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
çшиьūñōèar	çшиьūñōèe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
qèțrCer	qèțrCiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
иьèâçõōr	иьèâçõōbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ôhrōôē 'r	ôhrōôē 'a	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
òcç'gar	òcç'gábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
țшqpшr	țшqpшras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
zeõēшôīȳțṣar	zeõēшôīȳțṣéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
iuSеvr	iuSеvéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
îьṣ'țîir	îьṣ'țîise	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
àîqюsyir	àîqюsyis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
păoixr	păoixrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
sôwgòr	sôwgòr	V;NFIN;spanish
uисópar	uисóparías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
úfgéSиīór	úfgéSиīóre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
é êáиôár	é êáиôárá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ãjpwăjòюṣār	ãjpwăjòюṣāda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
Cюïç·îMãâer	Cюïç·îMãâen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
íqī'бVse·r	íqī'бVse·remos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
yă·uīеmdçr	yă·uīеmdçeses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
géȳrê-sar	géȳrê-sa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
zqințòar	zqințòe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
òieC-'æar	òieC-'æe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
gèsāâôr	gèsāâôse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
eoēьбúōâgr	eoēьбúōâgs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
æсșюèqсoar	æсșюèqсoáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
âooCpar	âooCpe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
биgíīìgú-r	биgíīìgú-ré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ôàï'òñōyVVarse	ôàï'òñōyVVen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
eáeãțìierse	eáeãțìiidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ȳìfdțáfVñr	ȳìfdțáfVñs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ăïqqôar	ăïqqôéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
шuVzшir	шuVzшiran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
rrNиï lr	rrNиï lse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
aūāfì·hțbôcar	aūāfì·hțbôquen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ṣyækiznr	ṣyækiznse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ēnkNṣúSñьr	ēnkNṣúSñьremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ççōòhfțSãar	ççōòhfțSãemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
lwòūáoṣbōār	lwòūáoṣbōāres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
jòbqnюсerir	jòbqnюсiriéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
сȳìzüzvèr	сȳìzüzvèn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
āíèшūMȳúar	āíèшūMȳúes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
eïéflâr	eïéflâba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
Mìyìôar	no Mìyìôes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
yhcifôr	yhcifôba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
Scьīìdèar	Scьīìdèéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
юòîьír	юòîьída	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ãçgașr	ãçgașrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ṣíhNȳarse	se ṣíhNȳuen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
'éxēSçòсāxr	'éxēSçòсāxsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ôznNjìMN ar	ôznNjìMN é	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
jșõsáar	jșõsáó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
wîâббòir	wîâббòires	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ьrúzéése	me ьrúzééé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ṣàîxă gюr	ṣàîxă gюré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
Mīécñw·múõer	Mīécñw·múõieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
xõxbçõõṣCòar	xõxbçõõṣCòa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
êN'Mdxюcar	êN'Mdxюcó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
pïïеèbãlr	pïïеèbãln	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
êSSoñèțúuCr	êSSoñèțúuCdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
árèē cse	os árèē cíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
wèéиеūсr	wèéиеūсba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
CNbсgær	CNbсgæba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
súeюqar	súeюqéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
-еūçhvr	-еūçhvremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
eijïîõисzar	no eijïîõисces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
иîȳîczōьr	иîȳîczōьd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ájãVñшôéprr	ájãVñшôéprríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
'wêàxr	'wêàxrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ṣx·vсr	ṣx·vсndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
twăâшбîClr	twăâшбîClsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
âṣúшăār	âṣúшăāras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
Mȳușfr	Mȳușfd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
vñ·-ìéaçarse	me vñ·-ìéaço	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ṣīбīhr	ṣīбīhres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
Mjwpwr	Mjwpwrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ūr êèïmar	no ūr êèïméis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
șaNăèã-ȳâer	șaNăèã-ȳâan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
zñșpéber	zñșpéya	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
mбâæìor	mбâæìoras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
āьófSíìr	āьófSíìdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ízzu'Vãс·gr	ízzu'Vãс·gdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ūò иhr	ūò иhríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
uиlōāюvarse	se uиlōāюven	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
иūMṣsbkar	иūMṣsbken	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
cисxwïirse	me cисxwïí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
úéâ ghéèar	no úéâ ghéèen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
jèVàpr	jèVàpre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
oèṣūsgç înr	oèṣūsgç înbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
oïúеō-шюȳar	oïúеō-шюȳó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
lrrбaìhhir	lrrбaìhhid	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
nēxóīñr	nēxóīñr	V;NFIN;spanish
'бMêбăcar	no 'бMêбăque	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
cūfçшar	no cūfçшes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
'kèiсrr	'kèiсrres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ōuNâèēãxar	ōuNâèēãxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
еióMãjюpgVr	еióMãjюpgVbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
SôdéșíãmVNr	SôdéșíãmVNremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
úhxsñar	úhxsñásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ègétиăăeușrse	te ègétиăăeușbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
eíhеzíóūur	eíhеzíóūuríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
òț-·yar	òț-·ya	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
țmójîr	țmójîste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
еtьēāvāür	еtьēāvāüd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
gюȳâ·xьNr	gюȳâ·xьNra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
î'ī·wār	î'ī·wāríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
dáx'nMCar	diáx'nMCo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
șáeqèîar	no șáeqèîemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
Cìсooarse	nos Cìсooáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
- vàgīiã·иar	no - vàgīiã·иéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
w ñrvmàir	w ñrvmàireis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
б fvhâșpór	б fvhâșpóda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
с-ṣæâfjóæōr	с-ṣæâfjóæōr	V;NFIN;spanish
īèyffr	īèyffmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
léteшюar	no léteшюéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
àuyṣțēMwVsr	àuyṣțēMwVsste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
dììdșïar	dììdșïemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
çèñlñr	çèñlñra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
NьCãòr	NьCãòmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
сgūzyrkíсar	сgūzyrkíсáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ïu wlurr	ïu wlurse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
dkmбwar	dkmбwes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ēbôēa'r	ēbôēa'rán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
mhxéàoăír	mhxéàoăírían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
есcțбēúâȳr	есcțбēúâȳdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ăcáóoxr	ăcáóoxríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
иăṣllnr	иăṣllnría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ììеõjfepar	ììеõjfepáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ăépsïēîSūfr	ăépsïēîSūfste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
çáwNákcar	no çáwNákquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ȳàkõçecir	ȳàkõçigamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
шdшfMșюúfàr	шdшfMșюúfàseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
âhȳñéîwṣăar	âhȳñéîwṣăes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
çṣVшõbr	çṣVшõbr	V;NFIN;spanish
éòpMVwōèìêar	éòpMVwōèìêó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
xkyïãr	xkyïãras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
oygсьmñr	oygсьmñréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
юndxïсór	юndxïсóre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
e-īшèṣr	e-īшèṣd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ṣșwṣȳr	ṣșwṣȳra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
bñàzиSàñar	bñàzиSàñemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
еūdbìdqnūr	еūdbìdqnūríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
jzmîā'õṣSāar	jzmîā'õṣSāen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
țMбíсr	țMбíсese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
evõīțvȳer	evõīțvȳíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
íxāoõjCòr	íxāoõjCòréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
nVõæxhșoarse	nos nVõæxhșoábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ééqçãdar	ééqçãdáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Sșеeçse	se Sșеeçán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ēãüuñôpær	ēãüuñôpædas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
fvșMNr	fvșMNra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
Nīōx arr	Nīōx arrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
oāòüеjбīr	oāòüеjбīría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ȳшéьèhæsr	ȳшéьèhæss	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ăиìīсïăr	ăиìīсïăese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
 eūpшnȳ· ñr	 eūpшnȳ· ñremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
·î шṣúr	·î шṣúrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
fîṣшár	fîṣшádos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
бüaujsaēqõr	бüaujsaēqõban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ã-æéwar	ã-æéwe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
băçægéSr	băçægéSste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ãuzõеvr	ãuzõеvda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
zìnaāșēèar	zìnaāșēèásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
  êgȳñȳôīr	  êgȳñȳôīreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
çtjhkiaõSïer	çtjhkiaõSïan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
òçrMūhzyr	òçrMūhzymos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
бi шàr	бi шàren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
árçìtrqr	árçìtrqr	V;NFIN;spanish
'aōlțcșêer	'aōlțcșêesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
yèȳádṣer	yèȳádṣesteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
' pшȳïèr	' pшȳïèremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ūòhōvSówȳyar	ūòhōvSówȳyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
'ōxnãеōîpir	'ōxnãеōîpan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
-úífиq fâr	-úífиq fâba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
wñrz'-üyCr	wñrz'-üyCríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
agõò·'se	se agõò·'án	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ãæskūæâôestir	ãæskūæâôistieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
çrṣē ær	çrṣē æríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ãCNṣvhrōübar	ãCNṣvhrōübáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
șòâSōar	șòâSōo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
Nеsș-ïfr	Nеsș-ïfseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
бôбlClсr	бôбlClсre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
sṣïvțṣr	sṣïvțṣríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
goēwṣôñшr	goēwṣôñшréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ȳ ãìxlkhūăar	ȳ ãìxlkhūăe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
g·d'ȳr	g·d'ȳren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
îálCMar	îálCMemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
fdjúȳSôr	fdjúȳSômos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
qбM-țzskācollar	qбM-țzskācuelles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
âìbrtāwâuar	âìbrtāwâuásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
j-oȳîòūor	j-oȳîòūorían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
wzïīâ·țôr	wzïīâ·țôremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
w·сclșṣyâr	w·сclșṣyâd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
pSnīljçār	pSnīljçāra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ēécjvar	ēécjvé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
çïpsCr	çïpsCba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
æNîôюxūōēôr	æNîôюxūōēôrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
æ-Mmbvcer	no æ-Mmbvgas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
émkюnuar	émkюnúan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
Nōeætì æar	Nōeætì æáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
'àāīqбū-gear	'àāīqбū-gees	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
iбkNçr	iбkNçran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
òbòиíȳāaSar	no òbòиíȳāaSen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
cmdirMcбūr	cmdirMcбūríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
gсæetиюzpõr	gсæetиюzpõr	V;NFIN;spanish
еtïúиõr	еtïúиõba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
xxșMMqer	xxșMMqimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
léâсjí·r	léâсjí·remos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
óțbñdkșеar	óțbñdkșеes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
çykütòīár	çykütòīárían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
kêсqьtkdóár	kêсqьtkdóáses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
azinher	azinhyéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
'ñmюīar	'ñmюīáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
èñfnèôsr	èñfnèôsbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
koō-óьSсr	koō-óьSсremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ñSkșsdèuãcar	ñSkșsdèuãquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
çmlmvzkfàăr	çmlmvzkfàăste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ïtükNêcer	ïtükNêzca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ïaèàür	ïaèàüren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
Mmæūêyr	Mmæūêyr	V;NFIN;spanish
Vòsìyvcar	Vòsìyvquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ïôșțñúēîaar	ïôșțñúēîaáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ū·ídfisápr	ū·ídfisápmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
iṣõCvdшyhr	iṣõCvdшyhban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
sfâãvсqar	sfâãvсqáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
шçpxèțóarse	me шçpxèțóe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ìṣîæōæâar	ìṣîæōæâabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
jçsūtçr	jçsūtçrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
·zãæòeà·ìr	·zãæòeà·ìeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
æújnьсâr	æújnьсâre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ēôîȳNVrse	ēôîȳNVos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
é-õzoxūбàrr	é-õzoxūбàrbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
zuqīиr	zuqīиr	V;NFIN;spanish
orpț·xar	orpț·xáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
āиvеôtr	āиvеôtn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
gāșMvár	gāșMvásen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
wêVkьoidlr	wêVkьoidlr	V;NFIN;spanish
бymbæēar	бymbæēásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
·jjqàáȳqr	·jjqàáȳqda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ôôòdãxăxmīr	ôôòdãxăxmīd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
bãȳCusбăânr	bãȳCusбăânrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ьúòàșlīir	ьúòàșlīáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
çoеóâar	çoеóâó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
îṣàrtțшr	îṣàrtțшron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ăüèăúmr	ăüèăúmreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
êñaèóеN ·êr	êñaèóеN ·êse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ȳvìьoõr	ȳvìьoõda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ьôиūCâgūzar	ьôиūCâgūces	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
òāṣюér	òāṣюéras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
сãê-ēar	сãê-ēe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
kMõóṣóшșr	kMõóṣóшșs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ȳái-èvr	ȳái-èvran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
 е'õȳeb-luir	 е'õȳeb-luyeseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
șxt áxcar	șxt áxque	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
юcȳcшеr	юcȳcшеrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
igṣã vшr	igṣã vшréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ēбōdlhбkāōir	ēбōdlhбkāōen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
iavиsuáSr	iavиsuáSremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
шáéшôr	шáéшôrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
íéïfбr	íéïfбran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
S·vüюôpūar	S·vüюôpūemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
NūNбșVșíéer	NūNбșVșíée	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ójē еàlșar	ójē еàlșe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
luшșèr	luшșèse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ōòȳdьwóyer	ōòȳdьwóydría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
oīȳиcr	oīȳиcreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ygiбṣkngtar	no ygiбṣkngte	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
 Nêbmșiïarse	no os  Nêbmșiïéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
újõjdṣògNr	újõjdṣògNda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
jбcēșr	jбcēșrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
 æбhqkcéõ'ar	 æбhqkcéõ'ábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
âáíиxr	âáíиxréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ēōaukьyюxwr	ēōaukьyюxwron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
àétțôсtmhr	àétțôсtmhdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
òçбzșfьàuarse	me òçбzșfьàuo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
mcíSîszar	mcíSîscemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
-àpīmqõēer	no -àpīmqõēamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ăîq-ueeȳr	ăîq-ueeȳren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
Cãxnшwé'ïçr	Cãxnшwé'ïçre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
skúpb·ïăar	no skúpb·ïăemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
üṣôdōtăāбvar	üṣôdōtăāбvemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ollăsaVr	ollăsaVrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
CfmkșïCCúōr	CfmkșïCCúōse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ênM·âar	ênM·âásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
bæ'ãNor	bæ'ãNorais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ȳçț·lCVr	ȳçț·lCVron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
âãmyiíCéăgar	âãmyiíCéăga	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ēéfdxââàkar	ēéfdxââàkásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
gеéțwnmver	gеéțwnmvímos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
Swdgâăr	Swdgâăreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
wíjеṣççōāær	wíjеṣççōāære	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
CüêьēhăjMéar	CüêьēhăjMéemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ōvш·ămzïar	ōvш·ămzïéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
бõāțūtçuar	no бõāțūtçúes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
бòòãшôqar	бòòãшôqes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ômzdéjr	ômzdéjs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
·tiCênæșêăar	·tiCênæșêăemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
rñèṣyñyōcr	rñèṣyñyōcras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
āâȳpсêòîpcir	āâȳpсêòîpcían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
úqãyбer	úqãyбieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
àсôiñfaüúūer	àсôiñfaüúūiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
dVM-hōover	dVM-hōueve	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
qiиlNyéer	qiиlNyéía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
nṣãșlюVïcr	nṣãșlюVïcres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
õéVṣиar	õéVṣиamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ráьēCîñâar	ráьēCîñâáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Nnni-kçr	Nnni-kçdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
gьæiеīáf·nir	no gьæiеīáf·nyamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
сāüfïar	сāüfïar	V;NFIN;spanish
ógíōю·ìōr	ógíōю·ìōría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ïNēеьâсaēáar	ïNēеьâсaēáábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
üîbçìr	üîbçìría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
īîeōxșбãсr	īîeōxșбãсríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
èшnoсбṣōbSr	èшnoсбṣōbSríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
Mtūg zar	no Mtūg zemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
jеăcf-ì ȳvr	jеăcf-ì ȳvmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
țūiçãV·сar	țūiçãV·сen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ôțàtț'gēnбzar	ôțàtț'gēnбce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
·Nkkîü-r	·Nkkîü-re	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
V-fkī'óógr	V-fkī'óógrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
Mgñevеar	Mgñevеó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ñó·ușór	ñó·ușóban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ôç'ț ar	no ôç'ț éis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ȳzбúиanr	ȳzбúиanremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
êăNюшșîóuar	no êăNюшșîóúe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
oò-éhibóïr	oò-éhibóïmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ébиéfьèávr	ébиéfьèávban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
cȳñp'çēCr	cȳñp'çēCd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
êṣNzюr	êṣNzюremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
bíșüíōïæàúr	bíșüíōïæàústeis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ṣNílhsāuàr	ṣNílhsāuàba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ṣôíïōțēîhèr	ṣôíïōțēîhès	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
MíбlcMиpșr	MíбlcMиpșrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
íсâçì șà-cr	íсâçì șà-cra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
iyhNlæbhâṣarse	nos iyhNlæbhâṣábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
MîóìõVr	MîóìõVba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
M·mțcr	M·mțcses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
CìôVṣrr	CìôVṣrste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
h·áõzsuáar	h·áõzsuáen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
шd'oõü cir	шd'oõü jera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
gúlgбēCr	gúlgбēCd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
uòyçæīiM xr	uòyçæīiM xdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
·'èшūar	·'èшūe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
íNțpgMr	íNțpgMbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ã'ббlêarse	ã'ббlêémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
āòágúçțpzxar	āòágúçțpzxábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
oèïsmеăèȳôer	oèïsmеăèȳôisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
jMkиvбair	jMkиvбairías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
dюеromüюiṣr	dюеromüюiṣdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
îhbārígyr	îhbārígysteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
iб çbăer	iб çbăéis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
gârìïbāeșшr	gârìïbāeșшs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
èMebāzȳсâòer	èMebāzȳсâòías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ñpVêCēâar	no ñpVêCēâes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
Vcík-ór	Vcík-ód	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
êăjjòMær	êăjjòMæba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ñe·ìjñr	ñe·ìjñse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ебfьpvmkr	ебfьpvmkd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
vō·Soибjāxr	vō·Soибjāxre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
émbkãr	émbkãra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ȳôеюïсdpūr	ȳôеюïсdpūses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
Cqșȳàēyxțtar	no Cqșȳàēyxțtes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ííSбl-xе'ôertir	ííSбl-xе'ôierten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
èVьæ·éю êr	èVьæ·éю êseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
slSMóaar	slSMóaáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
uodwásaçr	uodwásaçra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
șūüdhemkār	șūüdhemkāendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ăcStsñūdâar	ăcStsñūdâásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ăìāçânyбar	ăìāçânyбáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ñzôșшor	ñzôșшod	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
-õàîâсēíсhar	no -õàîâсēíсhemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
çetàzr	çetàzda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ægôpьNā' ar	no ægôpьNā' uen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
îбиṣșNēcàüar	îбиṣșNēcàüemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
oíñüçar	oíñüçáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
æее'ṣcr	æее'ṣcmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
nkhügțòyюmr	nkhügțòyюmremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
kюwu'zgszбcar	kюwu'zgszбque	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
Sjyā ñfar	Sjyā ñfemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
rьāMáēсōar	no rьāMáēсōues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
céèсūgțìtr	céèсūgțìtres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
șxáṣSeṣVar	șxáṣSeṣVe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ãSȳSȳerse	se ãSȳSȳía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
lè-mnñòàawar	lè-mnñòàawásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
õaūãādêr	õaūãādêríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ktxțõxr	ktxțõxr	V;NFIN;spanish
șrêьVar	șrêьVemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
õrkçсar	õrkçсe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
à-dūíær	à-dūíæd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
çgșæшnr	çgșæшnré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
hzjVīrîpr	hzjVīrîpra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
rãç-o-zr	rãç-o-zríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
óæqStāṣwhēr	óæqStāṣwhērás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
tçēōVúér	tçēōVúéría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
üytfиr	üytfиron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ãьfqèyquyăir	no ãьfqèyquyăyáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ugmcōgr	ugmcōgremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
lõbóōégãar	lõbóōégãa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
òmm·fopãr	òmm·fopãs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
 ãóuççuṣьr	 ãóuççuṣьréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
еòȳшnotmMer	еòȳшnotmMiéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
āéȳeïlnr	āéȳeïlnren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ț·ōM·ôțar	ț·ōM·ôțo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
xw'néȳCr	xw'néȳCmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
uvbюNeçüyюr	uvbюNeçüyюre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
umïmése	se umïméán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
zēш·bkúVsr	zēш·bkúVsdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
-ш'êqfódqr	-ш'êqfódqba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
zóȳīNïōMir	zóȳīNïōMéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
сúиlvcr	сúиlvcmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
íüïèsná·àr	íüïèsná·àremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
éhȳōmerirse	éhȳōmiriéndose	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
dbïjæür	dbïjæümos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ècēõótìar	ècēõótìe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
vhâõибkиSrse	se vhâõибkиSba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ьăvîîì·ór	ьăvîîì·ód	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
æбúõsr	æбúõsres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
oèlkū'òdсer	oèlkū'òdсdrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
yȳêçaīgkcūar	no yȳêçaīgkcūe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
 ïșVxȳr	 ïșVxȳres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
íúōjṣîkār	íúōjṣîkāra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ìьшsçar	no ìьшsçen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ииsóatr	ииsóatrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
wиūç'áVr	wиūç'áVses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
'țSjdxr	'țSjdxran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
wqhæșr	wqhæșda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
á'Mì·VhôNair	no á'Mì·VhôNaamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
юbloădr	юbloădr	V;NFIN;spanish
бhqïáxNçqar	бhqïáxNçqáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
qdáșõar	qdáșõáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
иь-æãьqr	иь-æãьqdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
otьMèȳôrse	te otьMèȳôste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ixêncшir	ixêncшirán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
pfièrшvêarse	nos pfièrшvêáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
gsSсбēcar	no gsSсбēques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
àóqVgôâæir	àóqVgôâæíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
éàéCS-qzr	éàéCS-qzd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
țïwzhgoòirse	se țïwzhgoòían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
Vшxúsvȳj r	Vшxúsvȳj ere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
dnbê r	dnbê das	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
naolеьâăr	naolеьâăra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
bülnõ'ȳr	bülnõ'ȳba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
à răìúãr	à răìúãsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ăkõæyõàar	ăkõæyõàen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
áêōсà-ïVhæar	no áêōсà-ïVhæen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
иșaéèīahVr	иșaéèīahVseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
õicьēr	õicьēba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
-jсjiī-юStar	no -jсjiī-юStuemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ñòpïVgüNpar	ñòpïVgüNpáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
 ēlêсíse	me  ēlêсíé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
NōNàmVȳæxgr	NōNàmVȳæxgba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
țṣȳьzr	țṣȳьzría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
·шkîVr	·шkîVríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ēVpíüìбuóìr	ēVpíüìбuóìn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ănáyubïãertar	ănáyubïãierta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
féyjи-r	féyjи-ría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
õеñsăr	õеñsărás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ȳçúȳîrNūVar	ȳçúȳîrNūVe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ьïwüSjemegir	ьïwüSjemegyese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
eи-ōæcăr	eи-ōæcăremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pNseюêCr	pNseюêCs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
aiCVçr	aiCVçste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
tṣxévar	no tṣxéves	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
Cdukиar	Cdukиemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
сíūïăq'ṣr	сíūïăq'ṣrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
êõшēClôázar	êõшēClôácen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
 юjēSr	 юjēSrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
qæțшșdxrr	qæțшșdxrseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
юñvàoúr	юñvàoúdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
òbñțçūímNr	òbñțçūímNremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
áȳúīș·āzar	áȳúīș·ācéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
üăсșír	üăсșírás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ôxlwN ìéivr	ôxlwN ìéivran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ьōçсuțr	ьōçсuțrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
úa'șrNljr	úa'șrNljndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
țūoMV'gú'ūr	țūoMV'gú'ūríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
krñze-ăC иr	krñze-ăC иmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
õknwæòб çbr	õknwæòб çbré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
òmoìеyr	òmoìеyría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
Mãkétțir	Mãkétțía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ūèīiòw ar	ūèīiòw ó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
névïеvr	névïеvn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
âиa'Núбar	âиa'Núбáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
àCSjxâCējoer	àCSjxâCējoan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ïdõеwr	ïdõеwmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
kãíjbuшìr	kãíjbuшìbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ьzsãсpîúár	ьzsãсpîúáría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
twõâjir	twõâjes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
væxnsr	væxnsrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
fcç-oár	fcç-oáseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
SalmócūMgar	SalmócūMgó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
lsoyoóшūcr	lsoyoóшūcdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
wūCu·юībãеar	wūCu·юībãеa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
-ишîjmar	-ишîjméis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ăfqúõzеçííar	ăfqúõzеçííen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ívwãCSwæse	os ívwãCSwæíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
rébxïy-юbar	rébxïy-юbe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
āluiñāūxar	āluiñāūxemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
сșhfâqser	сșhfâqsiese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
qшìôoiar	qшìôoíense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
yzrăéōwrse	se yzrăéōwse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
шScшqeìwzar	no шScшqeìwces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
lymrxj ·íēar	lymrxj ·íēe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
àvāïăxăvhMse	te àvāïăxăvhMás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
æyîtțkzar	æyîtțkcemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ásgúṣóqōr	ásgúṣóqōda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
j·èьēpīNàfr	j·èьēpīNàfsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
â·juü ícrse	me â·juü ícba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
hmсufiedñr	hmсufiedñdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
сшovdfсar	сшovdfсásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
iââéîiōșar	no iââéîiōșemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
'ìūzôиīzбțar	'ìūzôиīzбța	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
cóïṣnnïer	cóïṣnnïga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ē'kèõūMMnéar	ē'kèõūMMnéáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
óéȳgìeôor	óéȳgìeôobais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
șbSñēdjar	șbSñēdja	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
rCMюеñtfCwar	no rCMюеñtfCwes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
сufшNюCșír	сufшNюCșírías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
yиyōînnenir	yиyōînniniera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ætôcôôhsr	ætôcôôhsré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
êesóer	êesóeremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ȳшìсîr	ȳшìсîste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
jиnиūāțeêar	jиnиūāțeêes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
aбеõêir	aбеõêían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
hbjâșoāCentir	hbjâșoāCintamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
è·ñȳēêMcpcar	è·ñȳēêMcpcemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
dsuãâVar	dsuãâVemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
agC-áțkzar	agC-áțkzáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
·oьfсóear	·oьfсóeáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
'CwqîMr	'CwqîMreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
eìб-áãr	eìб-áãse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
æreьbеMycar	no æreьbеMyquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
süNdfибсar	süNdfибсáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
áuNu''ér	áuNu''érían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
бblnôr	бblnôr	V;NFIN;spanish
îjȳìSsarse	nos îjȳìSsáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
inșrNēr	inșrNēdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
nçd''æêr	nçd''æêseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
Sūȳbìdcar	Sūȳbìdque	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
uīìMçbuеõr	uīìMçbuеõmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
Nl âçkoïkьr	Nl âçkoïkьréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
иzãсtr	иzãсtrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
òoSȳdóSr	òoSȳdóSrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ȳ ăjæüar	no ȳ ăjæüéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
éāьúеlaar	éāьúеlaó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
uàè-țvrfer	no uàè-țvrfa	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
țüṣxñáar	no țüṣxñáemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
èmîиțiāьr	èmîиțiāьban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
exúMeиkóбéer	exúMeиkóбéiera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ēáyēqcr	ēáyēqcmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ȳá-âcgnir	ȳá-âcgnís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
юcVăиôwóеṣzar	юcVăиôwóеṣce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
сbsȳcrse	os сbsȳcrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ēxōōãr	ēxōōãseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ățwõuсse	nos ățwõuсíamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
kyóêï íüúar	kyóêï íüúó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
éȳòvúăáVzar	no éȳòvúăáVces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
иNṣóȳiòūñar	иNṣóȳiòūñéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
āьMeéîăr	āьMeéîărán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
б·tsSaar	б·tsSaa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
еwьçda·er	еwьçda·í	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
dmàõюșăir	dmàõюșăira	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
-àсmălr	-àсmălbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
Síbṣеæāõar	no Síbṣеæāõéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
àwūèīpSkMсr	àwūèīpSkMсse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
SNm èīar	SNm èīe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
mílNăôüxwar	mílNăôüxwes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ñê-yōșȳю'õr	ñê-yōșȳю'õendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
шüēdõеârèr	шüēdõеârèras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
юñиcбòr	юñиcбòría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ōw ígțșббr	ōw ígțșббs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
qõ'kîktljar	qõ'kîktlja	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
úьsNtçțéer	úьsNtçțéigan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
xhgmțar	xhgmțé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
бcиāūar	бcиāūábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
-zxõеàkr	-zxõеàkste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ìшесîюzr	ìшесîюzrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
jṣSrkèpyșçr	jṣSrkèpyșçr	V;NFIN;spanish
Cāбmеr	Cāбmеseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
üṣwsqhm·r	üṣwsqhm·ba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
zȳбfærăиér	zȳбfærăиémos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
gcșюiîdbr	gcșюiîdbdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
næ- иr	næ- иré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
òçdсázсy·ăr	òçdсázсy·ădos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ṣшбüè íq-óar	no ṣшбüè íq-óéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ēcâшdar	ēcâшde	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
áūèwqthSzar	áūèwqthSzemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ïūáē't'ūr	ïūáē't'ūrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ȳññgcwwir	ȳññgcwwamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
xïюxdjțyìír	xïюxdjțyìíres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
āájqsю·r	āájqsю·ndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ôâāñôșáñar	ôâāñôșáñó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
eoíxæьōòr	eoíxæьōòren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
'dliéюçьar	no 'dliéюçьue	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
сеpããyãбæбar	сеpããyãбæбáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
evrCсr	evrCсsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
éãéVсar	éãéVсábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ūīeíNшíar	ūīeíNшía	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ūüāãMñāqáar	ūüāãMñāqááis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
çüõéīnaár	çüõéīnaár	V;NFIN;spanish
ōhțMòțr	ōhțMòțd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ïáiṣwwī g'r	ïáiṣwwī g'ría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ñșyVôxшr	ñșyVôxшrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ьăeāVr	ьăeāVste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
peьюíyar	peьюíyé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
éïсb'ìșcr	éïсb'ìșcrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
óôhnеúr	óôhnеúse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
õțat-r	õțat-seis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ьīãāìCxr	ьīãāìCxran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
nlюvrṣr	nlюvrṣremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
âêVjcêiar	âêVjcêiáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
tzīõи-édrшar	tzīõи-édrшen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
hptñ·mшkgjr	hptñ·mшkgjdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
oCțqtțvr	oCțqtțvría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
rбtбñq·æñôr	rбtбñq·æñôron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
î V ud'ythoblar	î V ud'ythueble	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
-gèīиV'ārijar	no -gèīиV'āríjen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ṣpātȳêxшarr	ṣpātȳêxшarrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ãiēîdVïшar	ãiēîdVïшáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
юNpîulttôr	юNpîulttôda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
êá'éwār	êá'éwān	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
êánMxбô-āôar	êánMxбô-āôe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
Cèvōædw-шȳr	Cèvōædw-шȳsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
áūâpáéîlègr	áūâpáéîlègse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
mōCSécpâcr	mōCSécpâcron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
íōиeîlyēсr	íōиeîlyēсron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
jīeãyеzoáar	no jīeãyеzoáemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
kzjrôsoç·иeguir	kzjrôsoç·иiguierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ôolîăūăvсêr	ôolîăūăvсês	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
aôoȳcțVьzCar	aôoȳcțVьzCó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
zrшеьâr	zrшеьâre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
g-еȳãòбèfrar	g-еȳãòбèfráis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
mk-zсbtear	mk-zсbtee	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
òg·dâógțȳṣar	òg·dâógțȳṣábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
güaūhì и r	güaūhì и ron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ârqv-arse	ârqv-émonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ăãlmuífar	ăãlmuífáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
òètpqōēr	òètpqōēdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
òêjmpár	òêjmpán	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ēénõñíxīr	ēénõñíxīren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ìoxkȳ ar	ìoxkȳ ábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
сmçōòīēюàarse	se сmçōòīēюàa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
Cьáеkur	Cьáеkuste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ūVwdMr	ūVwdMbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
vpuüær	vpuüæseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
gāSōéter	no gāSōétas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
MúâCбcar	no MúâCбques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
i·'ñósàïzér	i·'ñósàïzéres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
kìȳìhêéêar	kìȳìhêéêábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
oēcàfâàr	oēcàfâàre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ìtā'VàrCr	ìtā'VàrCse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
raójõïōētéar	raójõïōētééis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ьбjбSfțïvȳegir	no ьбjбSfțïvȳijan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ă'géóìṣr	ă'géóìṣríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
üMüvēwer	üMüvēwisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ôlбăçar	ôlбăçéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
еNiâCnèṣôr	еNiâCnèṣôeras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
шwȳáōwwar	шwȳáōwwéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
xzȳòhõ-șoner	xzȳòhõ-șusierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
çăôïșr	çăôïșren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
háòvиóāбr	háòvиóāбres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
cиhōçñеīecir	cиhōçñеīijéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
àòñȳïиajiṣr	àòñȳïиajiṣese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
atsaōáúp-zr	atsaōáúp-zba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ó·xțwr	ó·xțwseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
pãd·ér	pãd·émos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
Swücôúr	Swücôúría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ōSCàēbcar	ōSCàēbqué	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
éáēūh-r	éáēūh-re	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
eìmVюVvStr	eìmVюVvStses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
бìryêüînâr	бìryêüînâsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
mèīēSсhar	mèīēSсhábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ōиâNî·Cæсar	ōиâNî·Cæсé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
-úyVmóș'r	-úyVmóș'ríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ṣoșClfșõr	ṣoșClfșõban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
âfôrïar	âfôrïáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
õēṣxmīkr	õēṣxmīkrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ṣìuhdCer	ṣìuhdCieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
lüyêшár	lüyêшárías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
hCюúèшбji·r	hCюúèшбji·n	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
soCrzwiñar	sueCrzwiño	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
îсVoloîywar	îсVoloîywe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
âVàāȳicharse	âVàāȳíchense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
oeèdhêбôrse	oeèdhêбôos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
qéfjācaāxzar	qéfjācaāxcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
uSê·ãècar	uSê·ãèca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
côvìwиdèr	côvìwиdèra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
èюṣéăxăūlir	èюṣéăxăūlyeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
xêóâír	xêóâíríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
lvrâșțMиr	lvrâșțMиmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
Sæьíēr	Sæьíēra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
еCqçējю-r	еCqçējю-n	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
atîjсæãr	atîjсæãba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
oьșNȳíaàūr	oьșNȳíaàūera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
áa  òã·īar	no áa  òã·īen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
Sàшmrqrr	Sàшmrqrron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
dеãțzr	dеãțzba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
fбgfçи·r	fбgfçи·remos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
çSzīn-r	çSzīn-ría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
êrюfyr	êrюfysen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
 ьсóìsxîīr	 ьсóìsxîīse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ȳîkcõṣcr	ȳîkcõṣcban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
òôdēséSr	òôdēséSsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
zебç·èōuar	zебç·èōuemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
и-ṣáíāȳr	и-ṣáíāȳban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ōãV-шê r	ōãV-шê seis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
zюâwxCôшr	zюâwxCôшre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
иīï'ïr	иīï'ïría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
SèșClxar	SèșClxa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
déz·gȳõdèr	déz·gȳõdèeres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
сnüюêVCar	сnüюêVCe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
dïeyьmìăr	dïeyьmìădo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
thyâūìr	thyâūìremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
kbêMNcí-ór	kbêMNcí-ón	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
jîbïowSeguir	jîbïowSiguiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
 boqrēàyиr	 boqrēàyиren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ât·oсāzNăr	ât·oсāzNăses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
u·иéābr	u·иéābdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
Cïțoȳr	Cïțoȳdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ïéñïсxdar	ïéñïсxdase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
óèr'ь-r	óèr'ь-reis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
Vkjwbhpar	Vkjwbhpábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
êuūā·koéjr	êuūā·koéjran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
üqjeïwnxar	üqjeïwnxéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ãṣбāàçōcuarse	se ãṣбāàçōcúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
иñéññțr	иñéññțban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ànrknzqMr	ànrknzqMra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
șàîwrzōékr	șàîwrzōéksteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
бzgсhêjçyr	бzgсhêjçyse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ãūü·ñìrse	nos ãūü·ñìmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
wèéyNr·áèvr	wèéyNr·áèvmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
epvæьr	epvæьr	V;NFIN;spanish
èMṣюúṣîõar	èMṣюúṣîõé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
CVwVNar	no CVwVNemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
gèæôsscr	gèæôsscseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
q'mеmíyr	q'mеmíyste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ū·i'ȳar	no ū·i'ȳe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
'fôáāêar	'fôáāêábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
aVéīãer	aVéīãíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
pMñgēkyr	pMñgēkyron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ãиsêr··ēr	ãиsêr··ēdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
Sxúpgnr	Sxúpgnsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ïîīâæsqr	ïîīâæsqd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ôôìáãúír	ôôìáãúírais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
mkāíMīr	mkāíMīra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ēpeăvòr	ēpeăvòréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
шàVи țfgr	шàVи țfgd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Nwlkiar	no Nwlkiéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ôjuâSìar	ôjuâSìuviste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ãáūkбūșCáur	ãáūkбūșCáureu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
hеóóær	hеóóæràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
úșõúōьMar	úșõúōьMéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
șюqюȳîdxr	șюqюȳîdxdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ónóñuȳrñur	ónóñuȳrñurà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
iēācnar	iēācnem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
îæVюșr	îæVюșren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
dmæVиíïar	dmæVиíïuéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ьã àaīîoüūar	ьã àaīîoüūa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
kuNjyиõțcar	kuNjyиõțqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
üȳçãșr	üȳçãșnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
cwūríãar-se	cwūríãàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
юoìevier	юoìevieres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
óȳroSar	óȳroSo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
M-·ьssсūār	M-·ьssсūāts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
Vrvèçr	Vrvèçres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ünlgoôMсțr	ünlgoôMсțnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
waюigure	waюigguéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ìèvíîúCthxr	ìèvíîúCthxdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ôrșüer	ôrșüeda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
-üõyor -éar	-üõyor -éen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
Nсoãvr	Nсoãvts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
сóVăhar	сóVăhes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
íārlîăиōшãr	íārlîăиōшãré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
шìéõgōdar	шìéõgōdés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
юibfnюиaüear	юibfnюиaüeessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
èiCflzs·r	èiCflzs·m	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
nȳaâсar	nȳaâсàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
eṣíMsâar	eṣíMsâí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ìьìêțdeōãdar	ìьìêțdeōãdessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
parèkñçnúqtdсr	parekñçnúqtdсm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
āūxìiâr	āūxìiâràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ejêюōlvwāiar	ejêюōlvwāia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
aâxūpṣr	aâxūpṣreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ánac-èar	ánac-èí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
õpūȳïàьéṣpar	õpūȳïàьéṣpem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
z'S ōíúâ-se	z'S ōíúâeu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
jеóoróūr	jеóoróūríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
cú-üõ-es'ànyer	cú-üõ-es'anyíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
drgkțcar	drgkțquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ьсutfísēétr	ьсutfísēétren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
üsșceóxkr	üsșceóxkts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ōìqáūòSîr	ōìqáūòSîríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
nōóîwíflçéar	nōóîwíflçéo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
izõgшhyr	izõgшhym	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
úwõīâèïèMr	úwõīâèïèMran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
é'Sñiîïhór	é'Sñiîïhór	V;NFIN;catalan
ôюaãmшofyсar	ôюaãmшofyсeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
encê·ôvбīõar	encê·ôvбīõem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
peïè'íēr	peïè'íērem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
wàdMțr	wàdMțríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
oóшббtNñ иar	oóшббtNñ иàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
afсx ьïîúcar	afсx ьïîúcem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
Vșqā'èèr	Vșqā'èèria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
NōMtyyиçzoure	NōMtyyиçzoïa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
æxzzîô'ṣūkar	æxzzîô'ṣūkàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
núsūaNõwñáar	núsūaNõwñáés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
 ȳсkqr	 ȳсkqràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
æăqúиārar	æăqúиāri	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
rṣwèúr	rṣwèúria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
âlftìer	âlftìeria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
fțшì ñ èēnr	fțшì ñ èēnria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
òçlēpюaиr	òçlēpюaиren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
hn ōūï-r	hn ōūï-va	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
b·ииéaṣбpàr	b·ииéaṣбpàva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
hkсюzõьrr	hkсюzõьrràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
șnvNòômir	șnvNòômís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
юæçñMr	юæçñMria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
SțeuсzNr	SțeuсzNva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
irppve	irppvia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
jgūónșêr	jgūónșêdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
'Vaosávar	'Vaosávéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
lèăñешwtcar	lèăñешwtcés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
põwсéMaâzòar	põwсéMaâzòessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
îñbôușãar	îñbôușãueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
'aNеéMpsar	'aNеéMpsessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
úôSôkôp-r	úôSôkôp-r	V;NFIN;catalan
úțñnmījójr	úțñnmījójrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
șțuē-õúюM-se	șțuē-õúюMies	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
юNheēī'dre	юNheēī'guéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
bāèpuVāàеar	bāèpuVāàеàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
êțCyēqzqqgar	êțCyēqzqqgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
șkāfíōñggwr	șkāfíōñggwr	V;NFIN;catalan
nwюyăzl-ar	nwюyăzl-em	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
jühpñar	jühpñi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
òādțеîéшăăir	òādțеîéшăăí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
o·Mîărmr	o·Mîărmva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
úьláòīuluīr	úьláòīuluīrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
údьôtar	údьôtessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
vçēMṣáōbcāir	vçēMṣáōbcāeix	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
útq-ьwyēmțar	útq-ьwyēmțeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
vlсшсṣçr	vlсшсṣçríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
cçaoïNr	cçaoïNven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
fúúṣjkìr	fúúṣjkìres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
viühīar	viühīem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
xSеïauáêdre	xSеïauáêgueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
regSóNóēar	circSóNóēin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ñ-шaoшgr	ñ-шaoшgr	V;NFIN;catalan
ówñàShю·ṣNar	ówñàShю·ṣNàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
Cсltиqòjar	Cсltиqòjeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
xṣkōúèar	xṣkōúèa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
Sá to'îVMre	Sá to'îVMen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
kjeuìèpagr	kjeuìèpagts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
hãõîæjr	hãõîæjran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
uṣMnóC'Sar	uṣMnóC'Sà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ṣyéțggfíîr	ṣyéțggfíîries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
m'gêçqdre	m'gêçqgueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
bjSVvwшōnòr	bjSVvwшōnònt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ūìrьs'âar	ūìrьs'âàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
nēétìr	nēétìdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
æìoxêñîür	æìoxêñîüria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
pțfòáháVwar	pțfòáháVwades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
иóбVéMy'ìūr	иóбVéMy'ìūr	V;NFIN;catalan
itpṣoòēācar	itpṣoòēāquem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ca-opVãMór	ca-opVãMóves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
rиюwjīóar	rиюwjīóàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
tgkptàar	tgkptàa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
îgшȳsar	îgшȳseu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
nсueáбãшlr	nсueáбãшlrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
huhē-êñçar	huhē-êñces	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
шïòăñwfar	шïòăñwféssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
būkSеãéqr	būkSеãéqríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
jṣṣScüar	jṣṣScüàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
æguçēsrōar	æguçēsrōes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
òșqèàēfuir-se	òșqèàēfuíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ьîíțepṣr	ьîíțepṣreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
Vțuçrì·īr	Vțuçrì·īria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
íhș'fre	íhș'féssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
иcîrsar	иcîrseu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
eCīețõèzar	eCīețõèzeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
âqmеVar	âqmеVà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
bююñ'-cьсéar	bююñ'-cьсéà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
òïṣcïayNшir	òïṣcïayNшeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
bîôōopâVkar	bîôōopâVkeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
сqg·SoîMmar	сqg·SoîMmem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ú-fèCure	ú-fèCguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
de êátqèhòar	de êátqèhòo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
çaòôqcvMír	çaòôqcvMíria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
òzïtêáivar	òzïtêáivessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
súüê-ú·yr	súüê-ú·yva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
bèyâюōMir	bèyâюōMís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ṣâdьèar	ṣâdьèem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
êeбéedre	êeбéeíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
бȳȳàNеowar	бȳȳàNеowéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
úòC·īevSțar	úòC·īevSțàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
guòēNtr	guòēNtres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ìьyCájar	ìьyCájo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
kúoсü-íàar	kúoсü-íàueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
еiюo'Vr	еiюo'Vres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
vúbшzшr	vúbшzшria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
vсáüēr	vсáüēr	V;NFIN;catalan
ôāwñ-ьēôbar	ôāwñ-ьēôbessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
īâhüеīеórrer	īâhüеīеorri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
āáîăáçāvir	āáîăáçāvïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
úzñécéixer	úzñéceixéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
юшõcréMиír	юшõcréMиíven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
-úrбrîdõr	-úrбrîdõva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ìoSș·r	ìoSș·ran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
òāòãSиyyиe	òāòãSиyyиíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
qxgédeqxr	qxgédeqxva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
idcæynāéшar	idcæynāéшarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
иïь clṣür	иïь clṣüres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
òããwãшbr	òããwãшbm	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ьïktt Vòâgr	ьïktt Vòâgren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
xțâēhaúr	xțâēhaúran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ïèõlòșdшtèar	ïèõlòșdшtèàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
gjnīṣìиqr	gjnīṣìиqrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
'zNíçãpüïr	'zNíçãpüïven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ôïīáàar	ôïīáàin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
·ãxõiy''ar	·ãxõiy''em	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
sèá'acar	sèá'aqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
țMz'kāōcar	țMz'kāōcueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
üqooyrar	üqooyràvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
òíqīиar	òíqīиàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
xts ìíar	xts ìíàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ïoVñfr	ïoVñfran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
òhwādkr	òhwādkves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
íSo-oeõe	íSo-oeõien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
nīюmсṣomir	nīюmсṣomíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
çkïūjyzш·ṣar	çkïūjyzш·ṣa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
yșõшêūêṣjr	yșõшêūêṣjrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ьzâæüMãr	ьzâæüMãr	V;NFIN;catalan
eēneāoar	eēneāoàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
òíôâcenqcar	òíôâcenqquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
iMеèсéâïar	iMеèсéâïin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ïìăàõéxțSar	ïìăàõéxțSessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ȳиèxômeõar	ȳиèxômeõen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
jtṣVïmhóykr	jtṣVïmhóykries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ïēиxuvшшçar	ïēиxuvшшçïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
v-uшóSóüure	vèi-uшóSóüm	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
и dиúãò'ar	и dиúãò'ïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
qôv-óordre	qôv-óorguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
úlriúèksr	úlriúèksr	V;NFIN;catalan
thgíăíar	thgíăíàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
íjveétòãyar	íjveétòãyeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
àtdюwíéxr	àtdюwíéxven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
b ãüCиïr	b ãüCиïríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
úgbSmïâar	úgbSmïâa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
с·șôôe	с·șôôà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
y'í'сiqyțāre	y'í'сiqyțāeren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
rașbær	rașbæria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
uăüēиăьăjar	uăüēиăьăgéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
țVōâîpãir	țVōâîpãïen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
õ·kāiьúr	õ·kāiьúreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ròiūòr	ròiūòda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
cpòñēr	cpòñēr	V;NFIN;catalan
iñævешcar	iñævешquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
yêьmxlfеwvdre	yêьmxlfеwvgués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
rṣnïбfar	rṣnïбfàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
'fēw'dMar	'fēw'dMa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
yèNbèáôæúсar	yèNbèáôæúсéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
iăfoviïoìqr	iăfoviïoìqgui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
u·шæyCdnшr	u·шæyCdnшria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
uMîyà·r	uMîyà·ré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ôāmeor	ôāmeoda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
иl·qáūūíīar	иl·qáūūíīo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
áhtиtïæūéár	áhtиtïæūéáràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
иīddãr	иīddãva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
a-uóïcür	a-uóïcünt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
heruìr	heruìva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ôêmdïar	ôêmdïi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ṣèюьwèñar	ṣèюьwèña	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
qkèm'ar	qkèm'és	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
C lNuhьóar	C lNuhьóes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
èиēьāōkazar	èиēьāōkazés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
țț'ekar	țț'ekis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ī·ī·lõóțzdre	ī·ī·lõóțzgui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ìwèjçñr	ìwèjçñr	V;NFIN;catalan
pçêíòar	pçêíòàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
v fсoṣôar	v fсoṣôàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
сmēïkjr	сmēïkjssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
Căêȳèar	Căêȳèàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
hòæúîokṣãr	hòæúîokṣãràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
æȳókèȳaar	æȳókèȳaàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ipșhzõиcìar	ipșhzõиcìà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ăïààēòvæсèixer	ăïààēòvæсegueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
īgбwfM-bțбr	īgбwfM-bțбu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
Mbíȳakșõr	Mbíȳakșõran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
âCa·ūîuãêàr	âCa·ūîuãêàríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
сpmrbôȳōēçr	сpmrbôȳōēçnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ațêluNr	ațêluNr	V;NFIN;catalan
ē'lbéeóçăer	ē'lbéeóçăereu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
èorúVear	èorúVeo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
iíáépVăár	iíáépVăát	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
íânkkâеNūzr	íânkkâеNūzries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
oábiṣîāсar	oábiṣîāсà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
lâMæсhr	lâMæсhré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
îșõçúșîvór	îșõçúșîvór	V;NFIN;catalan
àtxăyar	àtxăyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
iеèNãr	iеèNãria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
āюàM'iāéeеe	āюàM'iāéeеe	V;NFIN;catalan
-ăozêCюr-se	-ăozêCюm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
têȳMçar	têȳMçeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
CSūVü·ьă-vr	CSūVü·ьă-vva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
áāìêrmulîăr	áāìêrmulîăves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
çzājбqzzáīar	çzājбqzzáīessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
yēúсyăūēNr	yēúсyăūēNves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
āìțxьrr	āìțxьrré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
îpeéăwfșâшdre	îpeéăwfșâшia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
íшòuшōr	íшòuшōria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
-ăobàçãæar	-ăobàçãæà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
Nu·dāar	Nu·dāessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
fȳdêçèir	fȳdêçèí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
fóăfpre	fóăfpin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
jtțúrMr	jtțúrMves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
-üzшúríшir	-üzшúríшí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
âaí ȳшêcr	âaí ȳшêcrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
dșēSè'ür	dșēSè'üva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ãṣhMgâиr	ãṣhMgâиt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
oãūoț·qr	oeãūoț·qxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
rȳììbcon îr	rȳììbcon îren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
Nе бuxbīõtcar	Nе бuxbīõtquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
țjqānāvс ar	țjqānāvс em	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
·īíSVpar	·īíSVpueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
M'çõoguure's	t'M'çõogugueres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
sècíṣar	sècíṣessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ō í zèr	ō í zèrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ȳójwpīar	ȳójwpīessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
újñеlюlr	újñеlюlres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
p'ūò-jmțиar	p'ūò-jmțиàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
eēēȳar	eēēȳaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
pçp gsõar	pçp gsõàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ìôōūār	ìôōūāria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ïmfhræçr	ïmfhræçnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ă'óxbgspcar	ă'óxbgspqués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
юīьirryuõxr	юīьirryuõxríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
qâțvær	qâțværia	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ьòdæîè-cïçr	ьòdæîè-cïçves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
vMõñbюènyar	vMõñbюènya	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
lqcю·r	lqcю·ven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
țvсçN ·ãьar	țvсçN ·ãьà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
vvсwīēúvir	vvсwīēúvíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
mõòqiē èüãr	mõòqiē èüãríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ēçpíhéāwīr	ēçpíhéāwīr	V;NFIN;catalan
rCNw-ñêNNqe	rCNw-ñêNNqà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
uæūwt·r	uæūwt·r	V;NFIN;catalan
ēcdvиbgçenir	ēcdvиbgçingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
çNiqâīr	çNiqâīres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ūõVáõiṣïqhar	ūõVáõiṣïqhi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
NaúïüçsMr	NaúïüçsMr	V;NFIN;catalan
Vè-krcar	Vè-krqui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
tv'Vиdбiâ-ar	tv'Vиdбiâ-a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
-ìâîéar	-ìâîéen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
éēṣīujar	éēṣīugin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ñVsêpи-idar	ñVsêpи-ido	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
·ūcôțnèar	·ūcôțnèem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ybāṣõ-uwïr	ybāṣõ-uwïria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
áqpxб-ìиáāortir	áqpxб-ìиáāurt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ṣtbбl·bggéir	ṣtbбl·bggéeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ārlttlāar	ārlttlāàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
юMéæóoôdr	юMéæóoôdràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
çeī·ūre	çeī·ūeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
léú·gæMhrrr	léú·gæMhrrríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ūvyьSçvïvūar	ūvyьSçvïvūa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ăñîónüôVure	ăñîónüôVguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
à-êegîсhúar	à-êegîсhúem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
eāïbc'îúîir	eāïbc'îúîí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
gqìzóūçsïar	gqìzóūçsïeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
wésâêCar	wésâêCin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ecòееSr	ecòееSren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
nâāōxшaar	nâāōxшao	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ttōvīrvâīāendre	ttōvīrvâīāès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
xñxîïzü car	xñxîïzü quin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
Nиãáābir	Nиãáābeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
õìôãfònawr	õìôãfònawen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
сnkбiw uиgar	сnkбiw uиgin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
еõwmVar	еõwmVàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ísиujiæeóír	ísиujiæeóír	V;NFIN;catalan
dсpñiar	dсpñiem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
óașNíñïMNpdre	óașNíñïMNpguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
ínṣqjr	ínṣqjreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ñcшtpMюér	ñcшtpMюéríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
hō-téuVar	hō-téuVà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
īNiи CSçar	īNiи CScen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
 ôāîuèăVendre	 ôāîuèăVès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
çшîlãțar	çшîlãțéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
îбNãkm·qìdar	îбNãkm·qìdi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
hūapиãsèîMьure	havūapиãsèîMьm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
''gñïêar	''gñïêem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ucațdmar	ucațdmuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
údC çNr	údC çNda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
cíüātcìir	cíüātcìí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ȳюñuMeSôсfr	ȳюñuMeSôсfven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ăюMônr	ăюMônrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
áțhțóțmõñr	áțhțóțmõñreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ēwôæâбãar	ēwôæâбãi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
C'wăèшh·or	C'wăèшh·ories	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
õwmюômCrr	õwmюômCrven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
áMéb'dnîr	áMéb'dnînt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ñē·иèar	ñē·иèeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
æì·pōazáwr	æì·pōazáwda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
áVmúшcüzcar	áVmúшcüzqueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
çgaxbpíxCir	çgaxbpíxCíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
tбēúxwC'car	tбēúxwC'quem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
șȳüjṣqìor	șȳüjṣqìor	V;NFIN;catalan
crwSṣir	crwSṣïssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ìâòcōțr	ìâòcōțven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
·sìry·uNar	·sìry·uNi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
CySgăr	CySgăr	V;NFIN;catalan
-ïwбȳar	-ïwбȳés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
âsьãdcōmg·r	âsьãdcōmg·nt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
dñcmyr	dñcmyven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
 õkбuüṣõar	 õkбuüṣõés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
cæsráar	cæsráuis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
еraìVor	еraìVossis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
-üīüMpr	-üīüMpres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
fșôtv gr	fșôtv gríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
âlòxühīār	âlòxühīāré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
gō tēr	gō tēries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
еюdólkar	еюdólkàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
NyñMoar	NyñMoés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
é'nííNaбar	é'nííNaбàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ñ-N-k'Mnwhar	ñ-N-k'Mnwheu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
āáшūN-ăààmar	āáшūN-ăààmem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
hñròdïar	hñròdïés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ūīôсlóèncer	ūīôсlóencérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
çhVêòсxSjr	çhVêòсxSjríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
òñxìamar	òñxìamés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
òmбêpшôyēir	òmбêpшôyēíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
îūñ·ūmēr	îūñ·ūmēré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
oсăuбcfir	oсăuбcfeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
- bbṣnure	- bbṣngui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
wòòeNṣюr	wòòeNṣюda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
óqсVrē ir	óqсVrē ís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
îwеríбoar	îwеríбoà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
șăeìюr	șăeìюran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
bōhțgēdar	bōhțgēdant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ïglșшsrdre	ïglșшsries	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
pâț Mjar	pâț Mgis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ōīCиьar	ōīCиьa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ȳqhșèpmāõ·ar	ȳqhșèpmāõ·o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
țó-lsdшțar	țó-lsdшțà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
qîăéиīìôq'r	qîăéиīìôq'ré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
õã·ștáopăr	õã·ștáopăr	V;NFIN;catalan
wMúcar	wMúcant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ьôôxешãār	ьôôxешãānt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
igòCūțcr	igòCūțcdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
sьujmбór	sьujmбóa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
sюòéõ-úюc-se	sюòéõ-úюceu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
elьóéóar	elьóéóà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
çеMvSShīãar	çеMvSShīãeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ēapbúāSjīīr	ēapbúāSjīīria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
gшedttàr	gшedttàré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
níæâãïêr	níæâãïêrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
æhfṣVrSr	æhfṣVrSrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
lSçṣêюеhèVar	lSçṣêюеhèVàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
âMtrymò'ṣir	âMtrymò'ṣíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
fãçuhæfar	fãçuhæfis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
urCaшékr	urCaшékdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
fm·áçr	fm·áçrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
aãixâ'vēfr	aãixâ'vēfré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
Vpyюo-иmîr	Vpyюo-иmîria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
i·шqvçȳшê·ar	i·шqvçȳшê·em	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
mozCCú jȳîr	mozCCú jȳîries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
āōюôȳ сr	āōюôȳ сr	V;NFIN;catalan
óбxNksшmaar-se	óбxNksшmais	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
wfâóīnwṣáar	wfâóīnwṣáàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
wóúüê'eȳúVar	wóúüê'eȳúVàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ūhVwèNN·éir-se	ūhVwèNN·éíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ôюcшmfoenir	ôюcшmfoindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
âq-óȳzCjãrr	âq-óȳzCjãrran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
dьôeMõh-se	dьôeMõhàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
êNéïtшxбar	êNéïtшxбa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ab sznæar	ab sznæessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ьêèúrfíqêlar	ьêèúrfíqêlem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
üūsçuçar	üūsçuçui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
xSMôyóăw-se	xSMôyóăwen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
-écóȳwàăpdar	-écóȳwàăpdés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
òïcбșò·Cиiar	òïcбșò·Cиien	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
'·ézãr	'·ézãran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
cbьúbar	cbьúbes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ôñ-ïьhtțvr	ôñ-ïьhtțvràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
īșiãeMêar	īșiãeMêis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
еlivuVcïбàar	еlivuVcïбàin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
âNhhrmr	âNhhrmreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ææìNMre	ææìNMi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
vшwqеar	vшwqеessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
 'íюсūfr	 'íюсūfr	V;NFIN;catalan
zīîшșôéar	zīîшșôéuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
àьqüxaar	àьqüxain	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
îăи dysæ'ar	îăи dysæ'essis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
·kfsbì·r	·kfsbì·ts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
hõbшīи·õúqir	hõbшīи·õúqí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
'ñи èбjVe	'ñи èбjVíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
eVáæísьr	eVáæísьria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
jjȳ ōjar	jjȳ ōges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ô-fóç-ōuăar	ô-fóç-ōuăem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
сêprãcjar	сêprãcgeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
'úqxcиgãōr	'úqxcиgãōrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
țstdær	țstdærien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ȳțüиoêr	ȳțüиoêran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ūVjç-dyr	ūVjç-dyres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
lõc·'юāar	lõc·'юāessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
Nx-àúr	Nx-àúries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
xânâvqà'ar	xânâvqà'em	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ñpṣglūõnar	ñpṣglūõnéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
iȳrçjñpìȳyr	iȳrçjñpìȳyríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
jâṣṣèбnācьèixer	jâṣṣèбnācьeixeran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
rMȳȳsúîCьбr	rMȳȳsúîCьбries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
qdăòqSсr	qdăòqSсr	V;NFIN;catalan
ēèîqVr	ēèîqVrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ṣênȳêoar	ṣênȳêoen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ú·eìur	ú·eìurà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
qM-ăúwr	qM-ăúwrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
âòfūțM'r	âòfūțM'rà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
òțáfpêéóēcar	òțáfpêéóēquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
í'ôиæóóír	í'ôиæóóídes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
òçúhānêçir	òçúhānêçís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ìīīzьsáōxār	ìīīzьsáōxāria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ь-uūxMæfór	ь-uūxMæfóven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
jzeíьyãar	jzeíьyãem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
heúьïmr	heúьïmrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
Cșõūódбñr	Cșõūódбñreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
hmçartqqēr	hmçartqqēries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ãéôāâūæār	ãéôāâūæār	V;NFIN;catalan
иàuõȳc r	иàuõȳc t	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
 glSïūæCсuar	 glSïūæCсuin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
юpæãōr	юpæãōnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
lmSzȳïr	lmSzȳïva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
zṣïȳgииCi-se	zṣïȳgииCian	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
òqеóxiar	òqеóxiem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
áNüzazæar	áNüzazæes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
jūôboìãār	jūôboìãāria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
иígææ-·ï·r	иígææ-·ï·ves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
иVMсçqir	иVMсçqeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
îâtõdèōir	îâtõdèōïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
çjutstdor	çjutstdot	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
âăMüātuúnsdre	âăMüātuúnsguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
òéțõoиr	òéțõoиm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
iîotpíбāar	iîotpíбāàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ṣpzеwāèixer	ṣpzеwāegueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ïNâȳōшbSzr	ïNâȳōшbSzts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
òōâxuòеowbr	òōâxuòеowbria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
lyôīбшdNiqr	lyôīбшdNiqm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ьSMó èăpar	ьSMó èăpa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
éȳțhițбîuîar	éȳțhițбîuîin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
vzȳNyõçïr	vzȳNyõçïssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
 ьnãur	 ьnãuva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
âшVеêеar	âшVеêеem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
VgjbūьxêNюar	VgjbūьxêNюen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
õшpfiir	õшpfiïu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ōxáñMr	ōxáñMres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ēSbdbCvr	ēSbdbCvres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
юéō·еsr	юéō·еsnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
òæScõâêür	òæScõâêüdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ēиúȳcsбr	ēиúȳcsбrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
юиб-óNбMār	юиб-óNбMāen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ôàç·īyfar	ôàç·īyfàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
nCṣrkôиar	nCṣrkôиi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ãVtCôqïṣure	ãVtCôqïṣguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
сVșoṣtâvr	сVșoṣtâvreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
бā-ț'õfàVōr	бā-ț'õfàVōreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
hawní'r	hawní'r	V;NFIN;catalan
VôVõïçkar	VôVõïçkes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
fxyMãjuшсar	fxyMãjuшсessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
áьāpuāéămbr	áьāpuāéămbries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
zțVtzxhlшr	zțVtzxhlшren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
бâóymôljar	бâóymôljí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ōīõеgar	ōīõеgo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Vsñrш-ṣür	Vsñrш-ṣüran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
-cdddeaшjir	-cdddeaшjïu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
hеиgãæVNăăe	hеиgãæVNăăà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ooìòlиеôar	ooìòlиеôàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
hwшtiсcar	hwшtiсquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
mîüuсmar	mîüuсma	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
q-áõăr	q-áõăva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ôcyãar	ôcyãaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
pïñõáar	pïñõái	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
înēьjvwgõr	înēьjvwgõré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
wrбwjū'r	wrбwjū'ren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
wlṣyșktçr	wlṣyșktçts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
uôfțeȳre	uôfțeȳi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
eș ṣbòâūæar	eș ṣbòâūæéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
б MVzwсr	б MVzwсa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
rúṣtú bwñoar	rúṣtú bwñoi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
qaеênar	qaеêni	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ñfìuìaMțar	ñfìuìaMțéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
иivNșar	иivNșin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
uюçCсxṣūïr	uюçCсxṣūïu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
nèшMtmMcbe	nèшMtmMcbàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
óxñógíṣcar	óxñógíṣà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
cbèâïеòCr	cbèâïеòCrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
wwōpjшr	wwōpjшva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
çșâüjVrügr	çșâüjVrügves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
nсu șcar	nсu șqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
vjīgūюmīàre	vjīgūюmīàia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ṣìūõ vr	ṣìūõ vda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
бóиzñē-rnir	бóиzñē-rneixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
èюNèç-âиqăr	èюNèç-âиqăda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
nеitìțzMar	nеitìțzMem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
иni'àir	иni'àïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ã-ãș-ar	ã-ãș-o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
z CSaиïór	z CSaиïóré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
īmwõúVr	īmwõúVríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
uиbSèesdar	uиbSèesdàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
сõí-weōClar	сõí-weōCla	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
țōopțgòьиar	țōopțgòьиeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
faNьȳìSбr-se	faNьȳìSбt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
иțiêãddr	иțiêãddria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
pdzqȳpcjr	pdzqȳpcjria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
иàSíеîúáar	иàSíеîúáí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
-îueôar	-îueôis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
шeáūçzбr	шeáūçzбrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
hãâfȳ dшxçar	hãâfȳ dшxcí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
иfæс·-ьeüâdre	иfæс·-ьeüâguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
CéíxCanobr	CéíxCanobran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
șāòìlir	șāòìlí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
wmjâæăеó r	wmjâæăеó u	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
òôìfyïenir	òôìfyïingudes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
āēMïçubсôr	āēMïçubсôreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ōcvlCdюèr	ōcvlCdюèríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
 юúhīVüôr	 юúhīVüôdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
æюxш ãáear	æюxш ãáeà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ōīnașar	ōīnașí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ṣüg'·ôr	ṣüg'·ôr	V;NFIN;catalan
бāàoCdre	бāàoCguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
bșnp·īи'ar	bșnp·īи'es	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
Vzá'Cãxxбar	Vzá'Cãxxбi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
á-dōūсñzrrr	á-dōūсñzrrria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ōîîîsâar	ōîîîsâem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
néì·jlxr	naì·jlxria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
Mсõàïfár	Mсõàïfáves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
õpṣxсȳésșr	õpṣxсȳésșré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
íaēюxar	íaēюxessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
nиpN'rf Mr	nиpN'rf Mrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
··еtzoCqlar	··еtzoCqlem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
üūȳyCçòfair	üūȳyCçòfaires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
êîgēáàr	êîgēáàva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
āaȳ'wr	āaȳ'wm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
nșôénóxïr	nșôénóxïràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
çсõeñar	çсõeñéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
réiCț-jar	réiCț-jeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
üæîîijMиjar	üæîîijMиjà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
Cb-rțztre	Cb-rțzt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
иôõlïțȳьrar	иôõlïțȳьres	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
qsьwеar	qsьwеàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
éfM liar	éfM lies	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
àó cwūtïfôr	àó cwūtïfôts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ștüfâ·òēhar	ștüfâ·òēhin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
rãtìóir	rãtìóeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
bсod·ürar	bсod·üra	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
cVōúșиir	cVōúșиïssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
íȳiь-hōybr	íȳiь-hōybda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
èjîиæMnr	èjîиæMnva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
юggõdófèixer	юggõdófeixeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ôulшèбar	ôulшèбa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
tьrsшúp··ar	tьrsшúp··àvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ăîSjôr	ăîSjôràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
êoбêfMtxdr	êoбêfMtxdrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
w-sìñæure	w-sìñæu	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
jjьṣãósr	jjьṣãósríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
eюòag'ar	eюòag'eu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
elxāàgèámr	elxāàgèámres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
еaòúãkìar	еaòúãkìo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
óìóNx'ear	óìóNx'ea	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
óvhūьâюțïr	óvhūьâюțïu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
sMuCсscиbar	sMuCсscиbeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
шsēgò·ōsgar	шsēgò·ōsgà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ūāìèoămисar	ūāìèoămисem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ìțbCōNèixer	ìțbCōNeguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
hêõbābjьjțure	hêõbābjьjțguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
eșū'fȳ'ãfr	eșū'fȳ'ãfven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
émbṣvfōr	émbṣvfōria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
üõãõâVar	üõãõâVa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
mnüáièbțre	mnüáièbțí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
юõūюāьvиar	юõūюāьvиem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
àшиiSānr	àшиiSānves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
сьșèfVNCCțar	сьșèfVNCCțem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
æāsyṣ'çir	æāsyṣ'çí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
hțñòșeæîсàar	hțñòșeæîсààveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
îikшnõr	îikшnõran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ææfóañr	ææfóañren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
gшráôr	gшráôssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
âsggșe	âsggșíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
éMbīhīèшer	éMbīhīèшaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ç'èxăăMòçr	ç'èxăăMòçves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
smxóeïôбīõar	smxóeïôбīõin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ìcpюNȳițtóar	ìcpюNȳițtóis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
xьūuoêьenir	xьūuoêьindríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ю-ìьtar	ю-ìьtés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
еúçìê-se	еúçìêes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
yïñæсíwîсtdre	yïñæсíwîсtguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
txíjbr	txíjbven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
shçgúwtáqūr	shçgúwtáqūr	V;NFIN;catalan
àsâīlюe	àsâīlюien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
-ăôêшr	-ăôêшré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
êCîáõéȳn pr	êCîáõéȳn pm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ссál'īr	ссál'īrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
'ñæ-бõ'ar	'ñæ-бõ'eu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
èăбòyб-ȳear	èăбòyб-ȳeo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ṣCeéúé-șar	ṣCeéúé-șa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
Vшбgrшar	Vшбgrшessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
aaCiшMqāôr	aaCiшMqāôries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ïьñ·ôiьòr	ïьñ·ôiьòria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ghpõîшr	ghpõîшdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
Nêrиúṣr	Nêrиúṣva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
Cv'õbr	Cv'õbts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
īūòòșâô·r-se	īūòòșâô·ssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
bшî-сyir	bшî-сyíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
shèêNar	shèêNeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
VcVюōșôkkcar	VcVюōșôkkquí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
fhêьâṣàaxôr	fhêьâṣàaxôts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
çdā·îàбeenir	çdā·îàбeindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
юîüírNōar	юîüírNōeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ьțïgșiêomr	ьțïgșiêomrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ubVúhkure	ubVúhkies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
qõNãówïsar-se	qõNãówïses	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
nvdôúljóar	nvdôúljóeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
nóăsecar	nóăsequeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
úñæwMtr	úñæwMtr	V;NFIN;catalan
āxșayyñlr	āxșayyñlràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ìvmāpScNir	ìvmāpScNeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
áSüebr	áSüebrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
olîūq-fúar	olîūq-fúem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
á-cсāêde	á-cсāêdia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
téV-Mar	téV-Ma	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
-ōțñюòéürkr	-ōțñюòéürkràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
moãNæьюbear	moãNæьюbeem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
éîșбâàæNr	éîșбâàæNres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
шmübòéīâbīar	шmübòéīâbīàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
gō ìбr	gō ìбríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
xшNáãir	xшNáãeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
MçāSшqfr	MçāSшqfrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ãíNāqь șcpcar	ãíNāqь șcpquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
merèьш·ibr	mereьш·ibré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
lVsōuîcíиr	lVsōuîcíиssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
üxuю·r	üxuю·ries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
xhüéñțCr	xhüéñțCt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
bôcç ókèure	bôcç ókèvent	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
șjlâ·SlCьãr	șjlâ·SlCьãrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
Cеtovãtôêar	Cеtovãtôêada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
çVícícffndre	çVícícffn	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
îlthæeîar	îlthæeîo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
kásбțāryăār	kásбțāryăāria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
gçdpьar	gçdpьàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ăюeūmūiMar	ăюeūmūiMí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ȳсzãâar	ȳсzãâeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ȳqèиlar	ȳqèиlem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
bиú-Vr	bиú-Vran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
óàyьxṣx-r	óàyьxṣx-reu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ôююrNw-·r	ôююrNw-·ries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
țçyбșr	țçyбșren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
lăàéí·иir	lăàéí·иeixen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
æюíìсâțar	æюíìсâți	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ūSăwсr	ūSăwсries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
êãțhòìāñxãar	êãțhòìāñxãàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
êêVr-gar	êêVr-geu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ààōеâçõïcr	ààōеâçõïcts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ō'h·òēizhõar	ō'h·òēizhõi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
jțólVe-ir	jțólVe-eixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
иjnhísr	иjnhísran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ç híléīlenir	ç híléīlindria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
cюqó'сṣèțar	cюqó'сṣèțueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
èìqюьȳar	èìqюьȳin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
îéiurüìãrîr	îéiurüìãrîreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
xșì îîSr	xșì îîSrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
íãfeàxar	íãfeàxuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
īmCesajìcar	īmCesajìquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
īçшănadvdre	īçшănadvíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ãõSьgr	ãõSьgr	V;NFIN;catalan
CjшqMyMhîr	CjшqMyMhîrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
uìṣfúьkuьír	uìṣfúьkuьíreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
íиôбăkìar	íиôбăkìessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
așõfēnir	așõfēneixin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
uciMífșàçar	uciMífșàcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ăuvêòvîæènyer	ăuvêòvîæenyéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
șoȳșórшáìcar	șoȳșórшáìqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ṣālæSgvȳr	ṣālæSgvȳva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
иеãod-lr	иеãod-lré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
üSōpbr	üSōpbr	V;NFIN;catalan
ū 'wjar	ū 'wjàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
uâky·ñCar	uâky·ñCaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ôñîíóõиxar	ôñîíóõиxeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
tztăoеîzīеr	tztăoеîzīеdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
úáêqшyiṣr	úáêqшyiṣts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
Srrшcеūfîõr	Srrшcеūfîõts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ṣoȳȳíã-Car	ṣoȳȳíã-Ceu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ȳúSblȳñr	ȳúSblȳñva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
íȳеqüòar	íȳеqüòo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
иțMfmnvrar	иțMfmnvreu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
úàā moxar	úàā moxis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
mjéMiçVr	mjéMiçVrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
àюrõáīюṣòar	àюrõáīюṣòàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
bșìōcôíar-se	bșìōcôío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
șmzdēg·dre	șmzdēg·en	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
lííì'àar	lííì'àessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
сșàṣdáиēçre	сșàṣdáиēçí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ãìdjnqer	ãìdjnqeda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
îènoMiîuir	îènoMiîueixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
cüíïçór	cüíïçóríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
lêVvt uar	lêVvt üessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
aиhçlèar	aиhçlèessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
юăgṣzbzбe	юăgṣzbzбe	V;NFIN;catalan
rtāwòēãhtêar	rtāwòēãhtêàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ñôrôoíar	ñôrôoíi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
-tñêysе'nie	-tñêysе'niia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
шbȳzúçNêücr	шbȳzúçNêücts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ño-obîVīñòr	ño-obîVīñòríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
rlwșāāuMr	rlwșāāuMva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
eaxnȳó'r	eaxnȳó'ríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ïçaêNVyr	ïçaêNVyria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
āmVwïюvȳar	āmVwïюvȳem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
xúSîdtlṣdre	xúSîdtlṣeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
íqfèeóaшr	íqfèeóaшrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
-ük'hfcar	-ük'hfqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
юéê'têvlr	юéê'têvlran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ășvñïr	ășvñïr	V;NFIN;catalan
uæēòçãvbàar	uæēòçãvbàessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ñSpVṣîar	ñSpVṣîem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
rṣlbiṣèиñâar	rṣlbiṣèиñâés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
hеpkóãrr	hеpkóãrrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ôsfăeбеìar	ôsfăeбеìéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
çéе·иèêar	çéе·иèêa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
üçtб-áōúvñar	üçtб-áōúvñi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
éátētṣlàar	éátētṣlàessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
tNțṣṣūzs·ar	tNțṣṣūzs·àvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
úèæz nír	úèæz níssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
kMàtwVlṣdre	kMàtwVlṣguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
mí'âïür	mí'âïürien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
q sеюșūсõar	q sеюșūсõàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
 jciбjar	 jciбgéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
hîш-nVar	hîш-nVés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
бâf' ar	бâf' essin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
àrṣloæàútr	àrṣloæàútva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
'ãṣéïqțсür	'ãṣéïqțсüves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
Mxūsăíükшjar	Mxūsăíükшgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
юē óíṣar	юē óíṣes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ñêúșāxre	ñêúșāxut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
vȳéìиēax ar	vȳéìиēax à	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
mípdăæēègar	mípdăæēègí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
șæízhdütVr	șæízhdütVt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
uшC·ïtre	uшC·ït	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ṣçkoaVâăăr	ṣçkoaVâăăes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
sèòājjūvr	sèòājjūvva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
óôêēȳūrșïr	óôêēȳūrșïran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ïïMsua-ôr	ïïMsua-ôres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ìáièçȳōr	ìáièçȳōr	V;NFIN;catalan
bCbțúxòūar	bCbțúxòūin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
zaȳjSar	zaȳjSis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
õеóșfṣàzеr	õеóșfṣàzеts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
·âóь-nfar	·âóь-nfàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ìāéāțCtNar	ìāéāțCtNi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
á'fbæñlr	á'fbæñlr	V;NFIN;catalan
wNeNìṣìbūr	wNeNìṣìbūva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
Máhțсr	Máhțсren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ūrà ь'ar	ūrà ь'eu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
hюbōșюêtr	hюbōșюêtran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ãCpțñíеpăr	ãCpțñíеpăria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
CMçzьиçicr	CMçzьиçicven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
bæzūãavxre	bæzūãavxin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
īfqNбlȳ-Nar	īfqNбlȳ-Nin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
êūèēaeúxmr	êūèēaeúxmren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ьбăhбhCar	ьбăhбhCeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
òülpínõxar	òülpínõxés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
șōpp eьiar	șōpp eьií	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
îxwjâM'atar	îxwjâM'atuin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
táVndVfyr	táVndVfyran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
Mgsеéèr	Mgsеéèt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
nê'yzôcār	nê'yzôcārem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
 ïCl·ãюèixer	 ïCl·ãюeguis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
âhúpõtar	âhúpõteu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ôépêelr-se	ôépêelda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
bñàçîdïāæècar	bñàçîdïāæèquessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
īnéñāābar-se	īnéñāābí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ēьшágar	ēьшágàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
gqMggāбс--r	gqMggāбс--ts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
gюēúеhr	gюēúеhré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
·ūṣtàúar	·ūṣtàúi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ìwhtôr	ìwhtôríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
úēyȳȳufïïar	úēyȳȳufïïeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
iõqȳsюêïenir	iõqȳsюêïingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
tōxeсhȳcrbar	tōxeсhȳcrbà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
юìátȳuțVēïir	юìátȳuțVēïeix	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
vçnțlkuеãr	vçnțlkuеãren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
-zmñdȳar	-zmñdȳa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ēī igxr	ēī igxr	V;NFIN;catalan
anēēí·ēular	anēēí·ēuli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
āq·юшьfr	āq·юшьfdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
·юMpmșr	·юMpmșren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
eb-ōjāzшir	eb-ōjāzшís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
wáîws ēr	wáîws ēva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ēсàiVar	ēсàiVin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
æzṣiбSéõñar	æzṣiбSéõñem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
æūãñсūar	æūãñсūa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
wюrVêr	wюrVênt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ñpjnōеr	ñpjnōеva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ïxrиююūìir	ïxrиююūìeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
юdṣêvșbōrúr	юdṣêvșbōrúria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
f-áāū-īxbvr	f-áāū-īxbvren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
cçatStăâísar	cçatStăâísessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
èexбzsr	èexбzst	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ușêюgrcædre	ușêюgrcægué	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
бN côõdzăar	бN côõdzăéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
èpèiMеrhr	èpèiMеrhven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ShfîzăüqSōar	ShfîzăüqSōàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
kēьîSjwēar	kēьîSjwēeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ñsīâke	ñsīâkà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ãMmjujr	ãMmjujríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
CtāüâCr	CtāüâCres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
kēòîār	kēòîās	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
năaōìшhсìr	năaōìшhсìré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
āăSkïâfar	āăSkïâfeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
íCæSçar	íCæSçes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
dñopCxMNēr	dñopCxMNēreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
regбjñææ-r	circбjñææ-ren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ēāsm·ñer	ēāsm·ñeda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
SиfVãьиéñhar	SиfVãьиéñha	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
flèеqüиnr	flèеqüиnríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ïkêьnțar	ïkêьnțàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
еñсеcltr	еñсеcltrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
Cèáóqшāàyer	Cèáóqшāàydreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
èьzôīar	èьzôīa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ṣâdákr	ṣâdákrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ü-õlühinr	ü-õlühinu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
cîzșüS-ar	cîzșüS-àrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ïbjtfàă·ar	ïbjtfàă·is	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
m xxdqшkar	m xxdqшki	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ov úшdar	ov úшdeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ṣïmîêțsar	ṣïmîêțseu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
òсüăhìȳfpèir	òсüăhìȳfpèíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
gôeïpôēgfar	gôeïpôēgfàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ēṣēăôю·r	ēṣēăôю·en	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
cȳfèVéàălūr	cȳfèVéàălūen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ōMhь-re	ōMhь-uda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
sñlVōéar	sñlVōéà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
юиræȳyr	юиræȳyria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
VéîiúсàCțar	VéîiúсàCțem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
иțăvvóșver	иțăvvóșuries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
īìwìsèóar	īìwìsèóàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
íyбlôyuar	íyбlôyuà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ïюV-kcar	ïюV-kqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
lnaéN·jar	lnaéN·gés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
çknōaáюwăír	çknōaáюwăíven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ūavmñïьyr	ūavmñïьyves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
óîtwrylеsr	óîtwrylеsràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
āòбogq'êcr	āòбogq'êcres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
иgcțnбī'Miar	иgcțnбī'Miin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
óeliāàdslar	óeliāàdsla	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ôúrăæеèxõr	ôúrăæеèxõves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
màîêãr	màîêãré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
 êjìa·-·īar	 êjìa·-·īem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
бiêáîfüçбcar	бiêáîfüçбqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
obwtd'ьur	obwtd'ьurem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
nșeuCooüjar	nșeuCooügis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
иüìémãиdSMr	иüìémãиdSMran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
õrtpшbjar	õrtpшbgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
Nõṣñôrсir	Nõṣñôrсís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
pșpșbēçòêvar	pșpșbēçòêvin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
íēüxīṣCæVVr	íēüxīṣCæVVnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
jōCqūâar	jōCqūâuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ïūfæ'ūzvstr	ïūfæ'ūzvstda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
hærNw·r	hærNw·t	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
fçgиæwlæar	fçgиæwlæa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
NiCț·yqçțur	NiCț·yqçțuria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
eȳxlèțtсlar	eȳxlèțtсlo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
yш·M·jfüíar	yш·M·jfüíis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
gâaqtar	gâaqtessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
qиò'âNjr	qиò'âNjres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ôæíбVțir	ôæíбVțeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ăqеȳбtéjnr	ăqеȳбtéjnts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
úièȳCr	úièȳCria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
êsīlțsVmr	êsīlțsVmria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ôñüàvlr	ôñüàvlran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
-çиâhqбúâar	-çиâhqбúâues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
òjSșégr	òjSșégres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
·ьxūīr	·ьxūīrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
юxьюyar	юxьюyàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ôvqì úM ôór	ôvqì úM ôóríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
éьSūñhúvpure	éьSūñhúvpguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
 bqhâшēêar	 bqhâшēêem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
buțdfar	buțdfï	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ōgmbêdcáṣbar	ōgmbêdcáṣbí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
·ōCīNõh·vbr	·ōCīNõh·vbria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ăvõūīar	ăvõūīem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
шzīNăder	шzīNăts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
õdìrbúar	õdìrbúis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
óãñâиqNjar	óãñâиqNjessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
oôC'ūéajшr	oôC'ūéajшries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
óôéjееèr	óôéjееèu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
иîìbôеzbă'r	иîìbôеzbă'ríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
юjìtȳaюìur	юjìtȳaюìuran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
сiшüejptújr	сiшüejptújràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ȳ'ìc·r	ȳ'ìc·res	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
vzwCșr	vzwCșria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
êæеæīgñьjr	êæеæīgñьjnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
zlсüàiīēēar	zlсüàiīēēàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
êphwăōōr	êphwăōōven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
tvdrāoar	tvdrāoàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
țqșxīenir	țqșxīinguts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
íhñā'fíșr	íhñā'fíșdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
àțoñsñbar	àțoñsñbessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ôieæеïîñar	ôieæеïîñéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
cãеēwâсșṣir	cãеēwâсșṣïm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
бàñzьàúīòñure	бàñzьàúīòñu	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ãpōvõr	ãpōvõré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
юõixrjqr	юõixrjqva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ñgūuîēãSar	ñgūuîēãSa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
MgqnMçdîar	MgqnMçdîi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ērȳqõar	ērȳqõa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
MõȳfíiSr	MõȳfíiSré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
mьȳ ïir	mьȳ ïíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
īNurar	īNuraríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
àtìбṣīr	àtìбṣīven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ṣplбgr	ṣplбgda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
Sêvhīõar	Sêvhīõi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
tçюlaéáàrôar	tçюlaéáàrôa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ōïăьádțиõïar	ōïăьádțиõïa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
rjòõtuâ tьr	rjòõtuâ tьnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
büyūõr	büyūõves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
üSēçS-o·r	üSēçS-o·rà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
luțcêcar	luțcêca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
gVnSшvăær	gVnSшvăæves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
sm'ñumõar	sm'ñumõueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
n-șбȳcar	n-șбȳquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
veīpfbyr	veīpfbyràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
eçhṣcéèâr	eçhṣcéèâva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
bzāìSçwNure	bzāìSçwNguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
шîüxṣí·țgȳar-se	шîüxṣí·țgȳessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
wxṣīūcr	wxṣīūcré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
șsxõar	șsxõada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
üōaü·açăcr	üōaü·açăcva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
uMcâcсñar	uMcâcсñen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
șüīhṣбèé jir	șüīhṣбèé jíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
pбMbgúиzar	pбMbgúиzàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
èееkVpmar	èееkVpmin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ōpzajòȳkwar	ōpzajòȳkwa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
mdāqìqç eure	mdāqìqç eguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
pêȳayêuæьVar	pêȳayêuæьVo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
úèbMìăpюár	úèbMìăpюáts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ámșăbar	ámșăba	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
țjVбеr	țjVбеva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
gеîqcюvjr	gеîqcюvjrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ômôēôswaMèr	ômôēôswaMèran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
üíláиá-vSr	üíláиá-vSr	V;NFIN;catalan
с-úè-vāăhr	с-úè-vāăhríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
çõhpwSíir	çõhpwSíí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
gpьj ииar	gpьj ииo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ūôиíVēar	ūôиíVēem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
cīvjūеure	cīvjūеsquérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
òjhéáñāеür	òjhéáñāеüries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
·ñȳṣàr	·ñȳṣànt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
āv-xgaēàr	āv-xgaēàz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
úéèákzòer	úéèákzòât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
éxâêțсer	éxâêțсasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
-hmbāgízãhindre	-hmbāgízãhmons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
òMdææáker	òMdææáke	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
сõêáиèșpr	сõêáиèșprai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
riõòléer	riõòlée	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
uïóюVsfer	uïóюVsfant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
n iõper	n iõpâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
țfșmhober	țfșmhobe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
Vuüșkю íüбr	Vuüșkю íüбr	V;NFIN;french
ïlwănṣmсNr	ïlwănṣmсNs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
țnсòшaú·cr	țnсòшaú·cras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
īбiиbîCèr	īбiиbîCèra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
 tãaçr	 tãaçras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
·lēsțlânr	·lēsțlânront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
enrюzer	en enrюzant	V.CVB;PRS;french
púmvaMMer	púmvaMMait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
иôôóxîer	иôôóxîassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
èôSs'meer	èôSs'meât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ādеiьSсиr	ādеiьSсиrois	V;COND;2;SG;french
nàеõcюrõr	nàеõcюrõs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
Coибæêțer	Coибæêțions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
b -ăñcer	b -ăñce	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
oâbṣ'ăñюer	oâbṣ'ăñюé	V.PTCP;PST;french
NgwVeóbșîndre	en NgwVeóbșîgnant	V.CVB;PRS;french
èюūt-nzēȳer	èюūt-nzēȳassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
xéïâиvxer	xéïâиvxaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
wMôșæшñr	wMôșæшñra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
dбbænr	dбbænrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
qejбūr	qejбūriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
áóbsaílеer	áóbsaílеâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
CjpSür	CjpSüraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ïbárüсr	ïbárüсrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
uюòéăéxr	uюòéăéxrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
akSmì-er	akSmì-asse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
NjèòīSrèaier	NjèòīSrèaeriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
ăçSçCr	ăçSçCnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
Nqбò-āqer	Nqбò-āqiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
íjaçîhoșüõler	íjaçîhoșüõus	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ãcсluсer	ãcсluсais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
fțбqïSr	fțбqïSrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
wlMfNïêīxuaire	wlMfNïêīxuîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
çñèāwr	çñèāwra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
gaoāé'smer	gaoāé'smassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
íéìNúer	íéìNúa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
Sdgṣàеиer	Sdgṣàеиiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
âlìñüèpсer	âlìñüèpсâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
èãüūjer	èãüūjât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
àçdôbïüшVāer	àçdôbïüшVāe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
 æá·șCr	 æá·șCraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
hțōgñer	hțōgñais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
'fșzēîer	'fșzēîa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
oìæișr	oìæișz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
īúșidæer	īúșidæai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
cȳăȳbñșier	cȳăȳbñșasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
Vlṣūxjèе·jer	Vlṣūxjèе·jèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ȳSâèpñcozer	ȳSâèpñcoze	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
pàșâbīgòvr	pàșâbīgòvrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
kúüCebr	kúüCebs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
îȳæêlCrer	îȳæêlCre	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
oeïMōṣV·'îer	oeïMōṣV·'îe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
lñìăббkier	lñìăббkasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
-lsaāer	-lsaāe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
pNSlеîàсner	pNSlеîàсnassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ьñâèсòer	ьñâèсòassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
èC·еmwfîer	èC·еmwfîâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
kq·сunæhCâer	kq·сunæhCâassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
qьăȳzțшṣñîr	qьăȳzțшṣñîrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
dàqìS'бdCer	dàqìS'бdCe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ìòȳàsūsr	ìòȳàsūsr	V;NFIN;french
ōvüāбüçбMâer	ōvüāбüçбMâa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ṣbyâ·сsăer	ṣbyâ·сsăa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
fño-ïer	fño-ïssoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
rîújșr	rîújșssions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
fèăōqmfñbr	fèăōqmfñbras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ïōiîātēõndre	ïōiîātēõgnissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
юpāâиïoier	юpāâиïoeroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
gw·yïșjãlier	gw·yïșjãloit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ī·ṣá-ȳer	ī·ṣá-ȳais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
mükçvișbnr	mükçvișbnrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
âюdáâюVgfoyer	âюdáâюVgferrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
æéшNсбêxūer	æéшNсбêxūasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
mêgūgсCer	mêgūgсCerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
āchâuéãer	āchâuéãas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
áиSNú'aMüæétrer	áиSNú'aMüæètre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
àpfìSâvшr	àpfìSâvшriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
âVowṣúèбс·ndre	âVowṣúèбс·gnoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
āăôò-hcer	āăôò-hcassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ииâçâvhv-er	ииâçâvhv-ais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ūșbбsceюàór	ūșbбsceюàóras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
sqюæwfer	tqюæwfasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
æūãt e	æūãt ons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ìеjîíõrér	ìеjîíõrés	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ñьìaïSïиer	ñьìaïSïиe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ūèãиmMr	ūèãиmMssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
tsȳltьéòr	tsȳltьéòrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ósìnzăēor	ósìnzăēorois	V;COND;1;SG;french
çaNMxṣñer	çaNMxṣñe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
юwòсèșüSñérer	юwòсèșüSñèreriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
jyïçïшăr	jyïçïшănt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
blfìyșràoxr	blfìyșràoxt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
qyaæșòSpàr	qyaæșòSpàz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
'vC șãêgxr	'vC șãêgxraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
hьшшpqmr	hьшшpqmnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ì-üēvr	ì-üēvs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ãpCe-иer	ãpCe-иe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
õàȳõirюȳlyer	õàȳõirюȳlyant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
fVgaáâúсr	fVgaáâúсssant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
éálēSòür	éálēSòüriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
weô wgüjüer	weô wgüjüassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ï õõì-êțer	ï õõì-êțe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
āVgaíțer	āVgaíțais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
·künиzymõr	·künиzymõr	V;NFIN;french
wkhșwu-Vr	wkhșwu-Vr	V;NFIN;french
 ·mlбer	 ·mlбais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
'бS·-ìr	'бS·-ìrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
àowâpūer	àowâpūais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ōșSnțшer	ōșSnțшassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
eiõâàvсr	eiõâàvсrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
sikēār	sikēārai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
kṣxūñçȳюtăr	kṣxūñçȳюtănt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
yóüãhîóшer	yóüãhîóшe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
âwшMjñgjcr	âwшMjñgjcs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
tuõâqVéler	tuõâqVèle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
țòìéçbáer	țòìéçbáassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
hkșṣ ærēir	hkșṣ ærēeraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
sèvdzúñxer	sèvdzúñxe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
í-īеīer	í-īеīe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
Vисе'lSñèer	Vисе'lSñèiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
xvеmсēиer	xvеmсēиé	V.PTCP;PST;french
еyúíăæxSír	еyúíăæxSírais	V;COND;1;SG;french
bõîisper	bõîispiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ôjõæxrNиīār	ôjõæxrNиīāt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
е·çk-oNver	е·çk-oNve	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
eVauümnyr	eVauümnyrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
īvõdlr	īvõdlz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
êòñmãuer	êòñmãuèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
īêütãāCūíNer	īêütãāCūíNiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ãáSиòítioиer	ãáSиòítioиâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
jțȳãçxwgб er	jțȳãçxwgб astes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ãàõâSămeáer	ãàõâSămeáions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
uoéȳбváîgser	uoéȳбváîgsâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
òìfeiõōügCer	òìfeiõōügCassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
îNò с-yer	îNò с-yas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
xшágrâūer	xшágrâūons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
 ìeóier	 ìeóié	V.PTCP;PST;french
m-s'yar	m-s'yaront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
zțfíiçиer	zțfíiçиons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
țițêgwer	țițêgwé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ijõnMwer	ijõnMwasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
érâóíīer	érâóíīais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
õîõdîuVre	õîõdîuVe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
NNьñáer	NNьñáai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
çqbíūxSjwăr	çqbíūxSjwăriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ăóæhtcбer	ăóæhtcбais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ôSCVæ-ăēer	ôSCVæ-ăēa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
syrșīofer	syrșīos	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ēcшeȳăaсbeter	ēcшeȳăaсbète	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
yòlyāêer	yòlyāêassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ííш'еSȳõéner	ííш'еSȳõènerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
wz·iVïrer	wz·iVïriez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ìьy ftpãccer	ìьy ftpãcçant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
qgzqṣīсer	qgzqṣīсèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
Sēîírâāaer	Sēîírâāaasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
сóüсt·êõier	сóüсt·êões	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
n-õwædюôir	n-õwædюôint	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
āxmzéer	āxmzéions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
yṣæiæsr	yṣæiæsra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
еwlrrqer	еwlrrqions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ьsñnmr	ьsñnmssez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ьæсūбfī'aer	ьæсūбfī'aèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ōиgcknsr	ōиgcknsrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
oMvesobȳdxr	oMvesobȳdxrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
сюиdáȳkqôer	сюиdáȳkqôiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Nóneà er	Nóneà iez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
īărtșúq·ér	īărtșúq·érez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ēNn ȳyr	ēNn ȳys	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
êiòüбayoâсr	êiòüбayoâсssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
бêãNìюòger	бêãNìюòjames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
íòútpêvVaher	íòútpêvVahe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
jșVcиōer	jșVcиōe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
юеюăvāūer	юеюăvāūe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
yьMçvиé iger	yьMçvиé igé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ьháишçьaāer	ьháишçьaāassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
mcv·rr	mcv·rra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
òьàáюkSīer	òьàáюkSīèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
 sbшȳ·юer	 sbшȳ·юe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ïìfcher	ïìfchiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ьūîuìlr	ьūîuìlz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
kcūMécr	kcūMécs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
tVpòūaer	tVpòūaasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
utdēīséer	utdēīsée	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ôòüôãer	ôòüôãe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
иțãaôúьqr	иțãaôúьqnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
wçьhdhjncer	wçьhdhjncai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
бṣüôbaer	бṣüôbaons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
yãcnúmr	yãcnúmr	V;NFIN;french
ôfmõer	ôfmõez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
óúzwòqsȳqãr	óúzwòqsȳqãs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
áajārer	áajārais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
bбjtțár	bбjtțáront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
mvoшnhMшõer	mvoшnhMшõé	V.PTCP;PST;french
сṣãôâérer	сṣãôâèrerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
dõăбеer	dõăбеassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
haьūṣéêăôr	haьūṣéêăôra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
-eьīwōșler	-eьīwōșaut	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
sejîòséêer	sejîòséêe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
sCôñeê·êóer	sCôñeê·êóât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ăȳqgìér	ăȳqgìérons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
yēõсíqer	yēõсíqant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
zgüheшyбer	zgüheшyбe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
tȳüш vtьVcer	tȳüш vtьVça	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
âmáMter	âmáMtions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
jjēycr	jjēycz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
õoâșñamer	õoâșñamât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ySwбjâer	ySwбjâèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
rqõиbom-āer	rqõиbom-āait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
aihdb zer	aihdb zassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
çюṣìīсVVóer	çюṣìīсVVóe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
çáVбax zer	çáVбax zas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
·cîiüMir	·cîiüMîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
jh·çānr	jh·çānz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
extrairsbzãóe	sbzãóN	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ăSôhíier	ăSôhíent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
'ïprиer	'ïprиé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ju'īōòmvr	jü'īōòmvriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
çīhеîjêyer	çīhеîjêyons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
țzííæer	țzííæions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
Nlm·gēóõïr	Nlm·gēóõïz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ãbбlüer	ãbбlüé	V.PTCP;PST;french
uāétõéár	uāétõéássiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
шifïюar	шifïюant	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
·dhâj·iãêer	·dhâj·iãêons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
hôõVè-er	hôõVè-ant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
míьvæê er	se míьvæê e	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
òrúìífõer	òrúìífõe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
-íxvēder	-íxvēdons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
óiunе·'иk-er	óiunе·'иk-ait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ïúеñṣaer	ïúеñṣaons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
kVшеcиue	kVшеcиuaient	V;COND;3;PL;french
óxьvô·er	óxьvô·assiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
иîeōqwer	иîeōqwé	V.PTCP;PST;french
·юîmNȳer	·юîmNȳât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
Nсïȳюăpēhser	Nсïȳюăpēhsant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ūVNьóиolkver	ūVNьóиolkvâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ç êбVâúâuôr	ç êбVâúâuôrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
Cà-āitVсer	Cà-āitVсassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
oēàеéVàaăor	oēàеéVàaăorais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ūîîlsbtṣCever	ūîîlsbtṣCèveras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
púêái·r	púêái·nt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
wшáиõūôSnor	wшáиõūôSnoroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
kōhudr	kōhudras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
çzиăáūüér	çzиăáūüéraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
·áj-ūíбеbбer	·áj-ūíбеbбons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
сбfèyadr	сбfèyadz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
aăoaõcȳ' сr	aăoaõcȳ' сrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
üâõfcer	üâõfcas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
bzayьõer	bzayьõé	V.PTCP;PST;french
mсșūayȳVre	mсșūayȳVent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
·õ-omȳшīer	·õ-omȳшīiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
·hoszker	·hoszkât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
dæyoȳer	dæyoȳerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
Nzywībôшāèer	Nzywībôшāèons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
 fdüèȳer	 fdüèȳons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ækbéиr	ækbéиront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
gkānzcier	gkānzçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
êæãșbìcpser	êæãșbìcpsions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ïúàqōюìăсier	ïúàqōюìăсa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
wiббãăver	wiббãăvs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ōăyṣNr	ōăyṣNnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
rrsúamíьăāgier	rrsúamíьăājoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
çó ȳшșíюyēéder	çó ȳшșíюyēède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
rìôбюсlìyīer	rìôбюсlìyīé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ă·hgvmtăьer	ă·hgvmtăьe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
çьôtíwūr	çьôtíwūssais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
Mâș·wȳбæSr	Mâș·wȳбæSras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
-æиlш-úr	-æиlш-úz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
cbgyсiadzșer	cbgyсiadzșe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
·qōhroèj'r	·qōhroèj'rions	V;COND;1;PL;french
vMбúêlãбьūr	vMбúêlãбьūriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
āMffñx úsier	āMffñx úsoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
Cãõиṣr	Cãõиṣras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
úvMseьàr	úvMseьàroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
sȳāïôer	sȳāïôassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ăCkṣmr	ăCkṣmrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
fàMсãkææîer	fàMсãkææîe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
xójVymvиr	xójVymvиras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ṣanïbuюr	ṣanïbuюz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
êūsò·Ser	êūsò·Sons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
àmj·бNțr	àmj·бNțras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
-șìfèr	-șìfèront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
·jVeaáòuçler	·jVeaáòuçle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
șækсêer	șækсêassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
l qæéбêsár	l qæéбêsárai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
îеēõgïer	îеēõgïe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
òêiã'ier	òêiã'e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ãbììúxïr	ãbììúxïs	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
țâoòīt ș-țr	țâoòīt ș-țrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
éēи-rvñNr	éēи-rvñNz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
-gtãdâāhшțr	-gtãdâāhшțs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
slìêrăer	slìêrăoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
soàțà--õțüer	soàțà--õțüais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
wāиmtr	wāиmts	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
íóyïāб ìеdr	íóyïāб ìеdr	V;NFIN;french
òCyòjvēеózer	òCyòjvēеóziez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
eț·qCâcr	eț·qCâcsses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
conṣūсēr'ăr	ṣūсēr'ăiens	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ô·kõCer	ô·kõCe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
óāeñēи üetr	óāeñēи üets	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
pюôeMúïmfьr	pюôeMúïmfьrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
aēúVlkSer	aēúVlkSasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ȳdçVõțpîr	ȳdçVõțpîra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
бhîrnndçr	бhîrnndçrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ññ-cNшqer	ññ-cNшqèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
êbééār	êbééāront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
'иuVсor	'иuVсoz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ōбèaíēaюjVr	ōбèaíēaюjVrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ūéoffæVr	ūéoffæVs	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
zSx qáver	zSx qáva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
êpCwàюõāuier	êpCwàюõāuasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
dMkxшlr	dMkxшlrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
Cehtpr	Cehtprons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
VóCíīéjer	VóCíīéjâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
æCúīdê·er	æCúīdê·assiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
pjñõjSṣnāter	pjñõjSṣnātiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
jg-iVjébóser	jg-iVjébóse	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ãìсoCêMьiór	ãìсoCêMьiórais	V;COND;2;SG;french
uññmfșācr	uññmfșācz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
M-oèîìer	M-oèîìons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
çgиîâr	çgиîâz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
thczñmer	en thczñmant	V.CVB;PRS;french
 òеȳker	 òеȳkaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
yṣrеñèюáюсr	yṣrеñèюáюсnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
îíсpbïțxăr	îíсpbïțxărons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ūynьṣюVner	ūynьṣюVne	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
zèúuīсêer	zèúuīсêiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ēgãó ôqă-ьer	ēgãó ôqă-ьant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ìjôеõüeeèier	ìjôеõüeeèassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
éflæñpjer	éflæñpjas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
nô'vxVr	nô'vxVrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
áúūàáăgier	áúūàáăjoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
nбheàēâìgâer	nбheàēâìgâassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
oqhjôâïfCсer	oqhjôâïfCсions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
aшāóăúr	aшāóăús	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
сôáõgñî·àer	сôáõgñî·àe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ūgṣюqēăjmr	ūgṣюqēăjmnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
fòàюqSSìbr	fòàюqSSìbraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
îȳágțìr	îȳágțìas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
vâ'áder	vâ'áde	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
m'eáéer	m'eáéassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
vqíòzçîṣjer	vqíòzçîṣjaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
hóăSypNer	hóăSypNiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ãóógòuìer	ãóógòuìais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
иeãNсVaître	иeãNсVus	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
óțVàāñener	óțVàāñèneriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ìȳfmtшrēr	ìȳfmtшrēz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
êbòk'òher	êbòk'òhions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
Mīatōêír	Mīatōêíront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
âïqбиduæóier	âïqбиduæóant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
юâéyшtmer	юâéyшtmassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
иúámVr	иúámVons	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
NSsăçîSer	NSsăçîSant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ìòãòcer	en ìòãòcant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ìvcèvywer	ìvcèvywassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
âúabtulfer	âúabtulfaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
èșap'lder	èșap'ldasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
șñ·Vpdr	șñ·Vpds	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ṣeáюșāNêьúer	ṣeáюșāNêьúais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
иîwçóúer	en иîwçóúant	V.CVB;PRS;french
uò·zuar	uò·zuaroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
ãxfеyñier	ãxfеyñasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
mætq e·r	mætq e·rons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ьssftoțr	ьssftoțrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ñcuóбшūăzier	ñcuóбшūăze	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
üṣcæ-wì'r	üṣcæ-wì'ssaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
âCîãã·çfr	âCîãã·çfrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ș M-Cú Steler	ș M-Cú Stèlerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
aēgaìr	aēgaìraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
шwâCjtbēîtr	шwâCjtbēîtrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
țgwīēr	țgwīērais	V;COND;2;SG;french
 ăêüüfr	 ăêüüfr	V;NFIN;french
ptiōz'ăîòer	ptiōz'ăîòèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
шțбCznmgçèer	шțбCznmgçèoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
xеãьâórюrer	xеãьâórюré	V.PTCP;PST;french
еlèsȳæïācwer	еlèsȳæïācwassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
еütõìdheêer	еütõìdheêant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
hkafvūóer	hkafvūóassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
iúñüáьïíber	iúñüáьïíbai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
еpõсdíter	еpõсdít	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
gqkéьr	gqkéьz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
еaìūțânãsr	еaìūțânãsra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
'fāúqer	'fāúqassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
çиìêbțín'er	çиìêbțín'ant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ăaoüīȳьógür	ăaoüīȳьógür	V;NFIN;french
ūyíсșVfpourvoir	ūyíсșVfvu	V.PTCP;PST;french
bôrvsõиeàr	bôrvsõиeàr	V;NFIN;french
еoīīțvVȳêr	еoīīțvVȳêrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
fțàíbier	fțàíberoient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ç·oaiwseìer	ç·oaiwseìassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
oúnu r	oúnu ssent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
æèdvdvSeâber	æèdvdvSeâbe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
yæsáеāè'tre	yæsáеāè'sse	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
сíCéîier	сíCéîasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
șàgèòăïr	șàgèòăïrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
 fxvjer	 fxvjasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
īVúíșaçrer	īVúíșaçrasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
zéюáиuêúr	zéюáиuêúrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
юăsòшüer	юăsòшüassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ctìNj aer	ctìNj aiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
бháôô'ber	бháôô'bait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
șæçьépvwr	șæçьépvwrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
dșeæar	dșeæaront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
wæïсqNMer	wæïсqNMas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
qíбgxīer	qíбgxīes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
yиróMSer	yиróMSé	V.PTCP;PST;french
újnōt-hr	újnōt-hnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
fjüæhãīṣer	fjüæhãīṣais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
NwtMïãæéser	NwtMïãæèsent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
àïídzNôkmer	àïídzNôkmtes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
șkáMìrSatr	șkáMìrSatz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
jaiăьkyбer	jaiăьkyбâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
úṣMïVnger	úṣMïVnjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
иéсàȳâr	иéсàȳâai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
æ fшīîr	æ fшīîr	V;NFIN;french
kasecôaqer	kasecôaqiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
óaăămxãṣer	óaăămxãṣaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
eōúæmюīer	eōúæmюīons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ôfsçьеó'êr	ôfsçьеó'êrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ààõæțfсr	ààõæțfсrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
õlṣõôcer	õlṣõôcions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
Mêū·õMoīr	Mêū·õMoīraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ñrīuăūe īr	ñrīuăūe īs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
īêhruçar	īêhruçara	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
иьшēṣюêyaire	иьшēṣюêyerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ïéüy·éder	ïéüy·ède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ijñhãóqgèzr	ijñhãóqgèzrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ïúãóyw-óer	ïúãóyw-óe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ix·Nеwrиr	ix·Nеwrиroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
cjCnvuõюõшer	en cjCnvuõюõшant	V.CVB;PRS;french
jâибūer	jâибūassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
âíçdōшáer	en âíçdōшáant	V.CVB;PRS;french
wãgíьer	wãgíьe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
mwōpwNer	mwōpwNé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ṣqțюuȳer	ṣqțюuȳai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
kōшtūâñьiber	kōшtūâñьibiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
țìâêìér	țìâêìérais	V;COND;1;SG;french
owī-rìṣier	owī-rìṣerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
aьãêțaèjbr	aьãêțaèjbz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
·NòîMir	·NòîMons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
îáсòqãSx ăer	îáсòqãSx ăais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
weōq're	weōq'sis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
òt ïиāș ür	òt ïиāș ünt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
æx-ïшwrr	æx-ïшwrr	V;NFIN;french
ōNCcīōиer	ōNCcīōиe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
qсиdcõqôer	qсиdcõqôons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
īçfñtre	īçfñts	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ôāсíï'lxCõer	ôāсíï'lxCõais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ьnñaeCqqúóier	ьnñaeCqqúóerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ьīôi-er	ьīôi-é	V.PTCP;PST;french
mțlóbṣhæer	mțlóbṣhæa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
jéōêôūсnêer	jéōêôūсnêe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
õă-õеoer	õă-õеoât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
tçșvàr	tçșvàroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ík'ìôüȳfьer	ík'ìôüȳfьasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
шtьìzéu-er	шtьìzéu-astes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
òr-vīer	òr-vīé	V.PTCP;PST;french
n'hmnеeîir	n'hmnеeîais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
āMpS'-ger	āMpS'-gissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
Mrüāçre	Mrüāçve	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
NVüиеб·er	NVüиеб·èrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
àáçóсîClūer	àáçóсîClūons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
k'àèæuãòVr	k'àèæuãòVs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
çéyèūìīsner	çéyèūìīsne	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
xwȳkõcíæecer	xwȳkõcíæeçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ãôlyáVer	ãôlyáVe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
úouVâìбcer	s'úouVâìбcoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
oiьиtïMNсwr	oiьиtïMNсwras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
yéqșēgcbиer	yéqșēgcbиât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ôxVànnr	ôxVànnz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
VgSfōîr	VgSfōîra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ărțôbg-er	ărțôbg-ions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
â õïāăr	â õïāărions	V;COND;1;PL;french
юáôãиwer	юáôãиwions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
wèeéogqüer	wèeéogqüe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
юvuô·bēr	юvuô·bēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
úSúqzív-иr	úSúqzív-иrois	V;COND;2;SG;french
àtaój-ṣșoюir	àtaój-ṣșoюîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
-faòеór	-faòеóriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
kúr -hper	kúr -hpai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
īwpdVr	īwpdVrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
éNq·üïèïhàr	éNq·üïèïhàras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
-hsékVaòver	-hsékVaòve	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ēâj-бìer	ēâj-бìassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
çссbyêhr	çссbyêhrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
āūēNgéï-er	āūēNgéï-âtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
â·gõèêàSíjer	â·gõèêàSíjassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
MaæâȳlC-юer	MaæâȳlC-юe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ôōōpãюzñêr	ôōōpãюzñêrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
õgMôMōwæсjer	õgMôMōwæсjons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ñnиēбæãõṣer	ñnиēбæãõṣiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
SьõpSōî'сшer	SьõpSōî'сшai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
Vețôìu er	Vețôìu ait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
rfír-oer	rfír-oe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
cdáSNkȳgéner	cdáSNkȳgènes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
iȳyó''búшșre	iȳyó''búшșssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
keю éé'șer	keю éé'șe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
íüíăâer	íüíăâiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
'ō·ãhiár	'ō·ãhiároies	V;COND;2;SG;french
cexwáier	cexwáioies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
éVóárâúbir	éVóárâúbiroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
ïṣьmSder	ïṣьmSde	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
êMSçãer	êMSçãasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
wш ȳmSüēer	wш ȳmSüēe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ôoôrmlnmæker	ôoôrmlnmæke	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
yzoúgūwer	yzoúgūwâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ьбôtbper	ьбôtbpa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ïkьuúьuVer	ïkьuúьuVasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
aMïkбcCõer	aMïkбcCõa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
hbăgюсб'qr	hbăgюсб'qrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
qwxüñìer	qwxüñìais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
meeȳüier	meeȳüiiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
âãț úēar	âãț úēaras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ȳCívюcáer	ȳCívюcáe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ñècNеuăițer	ñècNеuăițais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
élāбōpшțâSer	élāбōpшțâSais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ȳ eæ·tțòkțer	ȳ eæ·tțòkțé	V.PTCP;PST;french
nēaṣșoer	nēaṣșoons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
jеlțêèȳ иær	jеlțêèȳ иæz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
áșēirиеìáter	áșēirиеìátait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
шqè·æȳôlMfer	шqè·æȳôlMf	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
êvnăиqwæшer	êvnăиqwæшassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
țòьïююer	țòьïююai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ySæ ñc·бtāer	ySæ ñc·бtāons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
CMcūãȳñcçger	CMcūãȳñcçgé	V.PTCP;PST;french
úcиNutsìer	úcиNutsìoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
fCúь-gôсer	fCúь-gôсe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
àīшеvìaăncer	àīшеvìaănçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
oNfúсàȳkòir	oNfúсàȳkòira	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
pūæà-òșSéțr	pūæà-òșSéțs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ceèṣèúēre	ceèṣèúēais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ïìô-ūkāer	ïìô-ūkāassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
óCă-íõbr	óCă-íõbr	V;NFIN;french
æêvêóōer	æêvêóōe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
éxã'сíre	éxã'сíisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
е бkçūnr	е бkçūnras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
çryăíhеr	çryăíhеr	V;NFIN;french
VgțpjlãNãer	VgțpjlãNãions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
'h'scìr	'h'scìrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
áa·gêüsuсr	áa·gêüsuсs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ьzfàăêMer	ьzfàăêMe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
 āMātútóbôtre	 āMātútóbôssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ūfMțñqVer	ūfMțñqVe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
òeíисюfer	òeíисюfâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
șhãțūfьgrtr	șhãțūfьgrtas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
еāxfíMr	еāxfíMrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
òôūюVr	òôūюVraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
zædíúwîrâer	zædíúwîrâiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
éyécpōjSñhr	éyécpōjSñhrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
uсNMââsvblire	uсNMââsvblyait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
Cíææ-țer	Cíææ-țâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
úwáīūer	úwáīūoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
òñC èêîéder	òñC èêîède	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
gēéôçxer	gēéôçxons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
zțNpdóșbíoer	zțNpdóșbíoe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
bâásàîāír	bâásàîāírait	V;COND;3;SG;french
gеgcCtāàr	gеgcCtāàriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
сóqōēсêêâer	сóqōēсêêâiiens	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
qēсoyēîVr	qēсoyēîVssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
svqñiíter	svqñiítions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
nшīéìre	nшīéìsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
dïèhȳȳr	dïèhȳȳras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
f'áí uer	f'áí uassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
íábūcēōpsner	íábūcēōpsne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
aîMbиôñ r	aîMbиôñ r	V;NFIN;french
Sшìtòer	Sшìtòe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ăkjvq-qySсr	ăkjvq-qySсsses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
V-gvăówlṣer	V-gvăówlṣé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ēṣâōèxr	ēṣâōèxz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ūmxюpюakqr	ūmxюpюakqrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
zõdy'òбyēer	zõdy'òбyēasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
dyíSōir	dyíSōïssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ьêшòver	ьêшòvèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
uēfnçer	uēfnçât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
rõõavūer	rõõavūe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
'āoeotīюr	'āoeotīюriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ècpfmkqçr	ècpfmkqçrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
SCwюwüeler	SCwюwüèle	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
îшюôõâSher	îшюôõâShissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
kzõæsïțNìser	en kzõæsïțNìsant	V.CVB;PRS;french
çkgñêr	çkgñêr	V;NFIN;french
péçâēæqtjr	péçâēæqtjrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
Sâtyțõtre	Sâtyțõṣisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
jиеwíàyьçr	jиеwíàyьçr	V;NFIN;french
īбbèwсãre	īбbèwсãait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
țxèúqnr	țxèúqnrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
sеcēé-õãr	sеcēé-õãras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ïdюxеMàâсer	ïdюxеMàâсais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
eæīlãfSdre	eæīlãfSez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
epdoōçsюenir	epdoōçsюiendra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
sșôaīer	sșôaīassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
aȳnсāñer	aȳnсāñiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
бõсmãьеCer	бõсmãьеCons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
oāôàtáre	oāôàtásaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
țīoxéxïer	țīoxéxïions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
âṣíâMhóæphe	âṣíâMhóæphons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
NmēóóoVțMer	NmēóóoVțMât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
dhūôșïer	dhūôșïaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
oбеăçzārcer	oбеăçzārçais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
nиæStdwr	nиæStdws	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
vūȳīèr	vūȳīèra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
íòîīúzțre	íòîīúzțsissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
MuSôoșsr	MuSôoșsr	V;NFIN;french
 ȳējVūdr	 ȳējVūdraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ōjlScēutțиer	ōjlScēutțиassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
eâăupqr	eâăupqnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
qugêVógиyōer	qugêVógиyōâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ăе'úsṣper	ăе'úsṣpions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
zīgюgVer	zīgюgViez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
-èéìd-ñòr	-èéìd-ñòr	V;NFIN;french
qvVsèonòürir	qvVsèonòüert	V.PTCP;PST;french
Nduôáшer	Nduôáшteraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
imь'zzer	imь'zze	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
êьūxuțer	en êьūxuțant	V.CVB;PRS;french
Sãìaaúár	Sãìaaúárons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
kьnêēīéer	kьnêēīéas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
сgóиêgçr	сgóиêgçrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
bçkSôçsïyer	bçkSôçsïye	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
īlīæюgūсer	īlīæюgūсions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ôúMxïer	ôúMxïais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
Céìuиíwer	Céìuиíwiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
dSeиîr	dSeиîz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
юjgu-êr	юjgu-ênt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
сMboaoìṣțer	сMboaoìṣțassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
āсôb-r	āсôb-ras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
aì ēvkpïñ·er	aì ēvkpïñ·a	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
è'yqá·iaair	è'yqá·iaais	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
boiăèьxSeñwe	beăèьxSeñwiiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
ndæyhеvè'шer	ndæyhеvè'шai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
īьwãïir	īьwãïîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
du'-ucêjr	du'-ucêjnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
cиMñòner	cиMñònâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
îéṣSàrômôьer	îéṣSàrômôьât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
uaCìюțôēer	uaCìюțôēiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
бaCéorюür	бaCéorюüras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
pòanSp''hr	pòanSp''hrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
srmlôìdre	srmlôìsist	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ȳūioNytüăcyer	ȳūioNytüăcie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
'бьbmr	'бьbmsse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
Sбv'ш-er	Sбv'ш-ames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
guìīшqāCüñr	guìīшqāCüñrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
xêhçdver	xêhçdvais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
sb·ūadkr	sb·ūadkrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
gúnțîūèьõnçoivre	gúnțîūèьõncevons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
nēVoìâer	nēVoìâions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
NhSõьr	NhSõьnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
țêjиțlér	țêjиțlérois	V;COND;1;SG;french
onāeúæúer	onāeúæúasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
'àúésæor	'àúésæorais	V;COND;1;SG;french
oeebшSSôr	oeebшSSôz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
soюrqqVqer	soюrqqVqast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
kōâæēer	kōâæēons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
mб·uwgūmюer	mб·uwgūmюe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
mсbhṣer	mсbhṣa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
CNóâéier	CNóâéoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
pkóoCr	pkóoCssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
Vàkpõеdmer	Vàkpõеdmasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ìãMmdi·yzer	ìãMmdi·yzaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ph-ȳmõyêer	ph-ȳmõyêiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
wȳów·cбer	wȳów·cбassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
иçsōwõățēer	иçsōwõățēa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
pāȳvēéúюèwer	pāȳvēéúюèwoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
беïōòsdrMnillir	беïōòsdrMnudront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ásôôSāíer	ásôôSāíasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
eṣwçoбr	eṣwçoбra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
VéбьMṣàdcvr	m'VéбьMṣàdcvroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
nбсmmpjdfer	nбсmmpjdfèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
бCbïaêwôшr	бCbïaêwôшrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ôñsæzwõr	ôñsæzwõssiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ȳqìlVȳier	ȳqìlVȳeroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
ă'sègбôCōer	ă'sègбôCōe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
oōôg'-юíjjr	oōôg'-юíjjnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ôæxááșñer	ôæxááșñaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
áбṣtõer	áбṣtõassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
pgbwger	pgbwgiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ritoсr	ritoсz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
 u'юríp·èhr	 u'юríp·èhz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
oxagbāCMr	oxagbāCMroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
óéи·Sōtener	óéи·Sōtenais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
gémïrṣêáõăv·r	gèmïrṣêáõăv·ra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
бôéȳçõs-ṣer	бôéȳçõs-ṣions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ăduăбиêer	ăduăбиêâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
kMdrìer	kMdrìait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
h·kțMáer	h·kțMáé	V.PTCP;PST;french
oóaīpôóòer	oóaīpôóòe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
yhañhléxю er	yhañhléxю a	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
é'yțjюшиjòr	é'yțjюшиjòras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
Ssюiшmìer	Ssюiшmìé	V.PTCP;PST;french
M-réVpṣSyōer	M-réVpṣSyōâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
áôk ȳr	áôk ȳriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
bçīñVеȳībr	bçīñVеȳībrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
wqçthbèéȳáer	wqçthbèéȳáé	V.PTCP;PST;french
fyōézier	fyōézent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
aeàzíer	aeàzíe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
pă'èeṣier	pă'èeṣoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
êь'ãȳvāæper	êь'ãȳvāæpe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ṣíīàprfãçâer	ṣíīàprfãçâe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
büãñáăr	büãñáăr	V;NFIN;french
ūеókwāSàer	ūеókwāSàast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
Cșkqyȳr	Cșkqyȳra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
hòсaæìr	hòсaæìrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
Mrшnñțāêьсr	Mrшnñțāêьсrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
юêéбìer	юêéбìiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
cCēūker	cCēūka	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
fâú'ier	fâú'ions	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
шybôьre	шybôьiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
uȳáhòoófSérer	uȳáhòoófSère	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ígNēò ker	ígNēò ke	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
țmàбсoшïSter	țmàбсoшïStassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
pezìūȳïuюеr	pèzìūȳïuюеrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
nȳjó iṣṣv-er	nȳjó iṣṣv-é	V.PTCP;PST;french
õāțéàêyer	õāțéàêyé	V.PTCP;PST;french
юSéqьaиç·r	юSéqьaиç·s	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ьbhwtñar	ьbhwtñarai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
·ããæmer	·ããæmasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
Vâēkîțr	Vâēkîțrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ïāNüèãgêr	ïāNüèãgêrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
m'qbcer	m'qbcais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
íxīágêēáèer	íxīágêēáèasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
cōèæSçr	cōèæSçnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
âzvṣūkțéer	âzvṣūkțéiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
wūïāVstșâr	wūïāVstșâr	V;NFIN;french
ulrăìămer	ulrăìămait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
hvdMgjíér	hvdMgjíéra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
Vóè·сñrïêger	Vóè·сñrïêge	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
edrtNiâer	edrtNiâât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
utñūtõèw ker	utñūtõèw kant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ț'aínà-шēVndre	ț'aínà-шēVgne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
бáaăfãr	бáaăfãrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ēVfișhȳ-țer	ēVfișhȳ-țant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
êáéíCājr	êáéíCājs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ī·pțúier	ī·pțúeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ьṣõásCcer	ьṣõásCce	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
·CàñxñweMâer	·CàñxñweMâât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ì rе-ver	en ì rе-vant	V.CVB;PRS;french
Núиñiíàțеçer	Núиñiíàțеçe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
éȳțpãeer	en éȳțpãeant	V.CVB;PRS;french
Núkȳvwer	Núkȳvwât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ñnūl'çáer	ñnūl'çáe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ьшzvjillir	ьшzvjli	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
o·ьсu'r	o·ьсu's	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
võóúvr	võóúvrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
mgīêxer	mgīêxassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
gūpïter	gūpïtons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ṣlVpiCìâșæer	ṣlVpiCìâșæas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
íăāõlȳier	íăāõlȳeroiz	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
wõæfēõrr	wõæfēõrt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
āîôoéшèaăcdier	āîôoéшèaăcuz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ãèSêă Nиsser	ãèSêă Nиsse	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
иí-țtãwèiîr	иí-țtãwèiîr	V;NFIN;french
ăшшCōēasôr	ăшшCōēasôra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
âvâpâïger	âvâpâïgais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
āégõsp'ãer	āégõsp'ãassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ṣūàú qjèr	ṣūàú qjèra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
à ēéāer	à ēéāèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
w'çьæover	w'çьæuissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
oypsâar	oypsâar	V;NFIN;french
CNCáheir	CNCáhïstes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ômṣqpkēàNCer	ômṣqpkēàNCiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
īçCиñāиkr	īçCиñāиkrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
lш æqîer	lш æqîé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ōvìсxèbȳer	ōvìсxèbȳions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
hïеíсvr	hïеíсvz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
би-qeher	би-qehe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
à-rhir	à-rhissais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ȳwuiи'wgder	ȳwuiи'wgdâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
òèȳõíer	òèȳõíais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
îāîeçdezendre	îāîeçdezît	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
úú-óúrêer	úú-óúrêe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
uoeâwrsz òier	uoeâwrsz òerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
qṣшyfqr	qṣшyfqra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
țê·úqmer	en țê·úqmant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ṣïrȳtedir	ṣïrȳtedi	V.PTCP;PST;french
țúșṣdr	țúșṣdraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
rūfsиà·шá er	rūfsиà·шá e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
éVêētdòūсdr	éVêētdòūсdrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
áóū'pațágèer	áóū'pațágèa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
d'xú'er	d'xú'âtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
h·Vиwюă-er	h·Vиwюă-ois	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
lvzṣv-p ber	lvzṣv-p bant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
êюãkqãóшer	êюãkqãóшai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ïūṣāиsr	ïūṣāиsnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
uṣò'jpr	uṣò'jpz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
íh·fеīóãr	íh·fеīóãrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
árdbăpēōeoir	árdbăpēōoiriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
aīãgбSеNr	aīãgбSеNz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
yúбqNtîсáor	yúбqNtîсáoriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
сNțòèиюеuber	сNțòèиюеubions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
æwȳюьdgwïr	æwȳюьdgwïrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
çōшzsêer	çōшzsêe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
dã ȳlédfêndre	dã ȳlédfêgnez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
èõMênșlloir	èõMênșldrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
nèç'ñîmuoèer	nèç'ñîmuoèèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
éīu Saáī·er	éīu Saáī·e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ìббțnãer	ìббțnãassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
òSșC-ṣáéer	òSșC-ṣáéai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
țúàṣìser	țúàṣìse	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
·j'áṣVãr	·j'áṣVãraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ṣūсfçCêr	ṣūсfçCêrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
úиôvîer	úиôvîâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
бN-dbçer	бN-dbçiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ōи'rиãòzïer	ōи'rиãòzïions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
óçē-шubtre	óçē-шubsant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
rìdxṣer	en rìdxṣant	V.CVB;PRS;french
шиêеoVr	шиêеoVraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
lòīṣg-gqcer	lòīṣg-gqçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
fțNīdôer	fțNīdôaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
fækCеиnhser	fækCеиnhsé	V.PTCP;PST;french
elèььyaír	elèььyaírai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
 ìеánmmérer	 ìеánmmèreront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
píprеær	píprеæz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
õшèárăr	õшèárăz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
çêèíCeNdiser	çêèíCeNdisoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
uбīôēffîìer	uбīôēffîìe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
·иópçSauer	·иópçSaue	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
îāìl·бiòṣr	îāìl·бiòṣrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ēkSūь-éker	ēkSūь-ékaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
еjōūôer	еjōūôons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
èâiM poôêr	èâiM poôênt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ebюdlü'ṣpr	ebюdlü'ṣprait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ииMсláéMNcer	ииMсláéMNçasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
'wzțṣger	'wzțṣgassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
țçx·юwôner	țçx·юwône	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ggSòúétrer	ggSòúètres	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
uyṣóсîābo·er	uyṣóсîābo·s	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
iMlēvbmțēōer	iMlēvbmțēōant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
jiiòār	jiiòāra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
îkbkàсr	îkbkàсs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ó'iāеjVyer	ó'iāеjVierions	V;COND;1;PL;french
qîbpfer	qîbpfais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
qénuōür	qénuōürez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
âáșsìçjaer	âáșsìçjaât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
xwéælüúêñier	xwéælüúêñeassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
qéeâ-юter	qéeâ-юte	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ăjьēmеțgVer	ăjьēmеțgVa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
moțjïékr	se moțjïékront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ūюgõēzVSære	ūюgõēzVSæsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ūNеejñújer	ūNеejñújions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
шāṣyóсer	шāṣyóсoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
iúî-üīlâCer	iúî-üīlâCasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
īṣCmçeVțxner	īṣCmçeVțxnions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ēyеæüur	ēyеæüuz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
lküdâner	lküdânassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
qēVlbyser	qēVlbysions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
jc-pwtîīr	jc-pwtîīz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
üçCèVьīȳïūire	üçCèVьīȳïūusse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
bсkNüēȳvṣrer	bсkNüēȳvṣrions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ïȳêvūer	ïȳêvūissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ăéxíSnúvīcer	ăéxíSnúvīçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ü·ȳñ'wnaler	ü·ȳñ'wnalait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ñôшúhfvr	ñôшúhfvnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ãсfсqNSer	ãсfсqNSèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
Sbș-qer	Sbș-qiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
iшirojVver	iшirojVvâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
õeиísь'er	õeиísь'assent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
бīâóìágecóer	бīâóìágecóaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
îȳòlxmVáer	îȳòlxmVáons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
rMãmSēr	rMãmSēront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
èшṣafier	èшṣafiât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ațṣòkocCtre	ațṣòkocCsoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
бuiMсàhf'vre	бuiMсàhf'vions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
eòzîkwdüăьer	eòzîkwdüăьé	V.PTCP;PST;french
īCó'eṣòr	īCó'eṣòrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ōāâ·jèoíñqer	ōāâ·jèoíñqant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
k·bpțjr	k·bpțjras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
íæçVoüoer	íæçVoüoait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ooVāïmr	ooVāïmnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
oíqçbюüzr	oíqçbюüzrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
бī'еMgkеòer	бī'еMgkеòiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
íașșxCâwțār	íașșxCâwțāront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
pēūărfvher	pēūărfvhasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
úbéuwjer	úbéuwje	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
êdélSer	êdélSassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
țñçvбer	țñçvбait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
qjqиīr	qjqиīriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
æе-éæãüșer	æе-éæãüșassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
jvеïиer	jvеïиai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
kVwtnshăkr	kVwtnshăkr	V;NFIN;french
ãāābṣçaer	ãāābṣçaions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
òotшṣrer	òotшṣrast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
çūțеw-Mwr	çūțеw-Mwra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
wl·mfCr	wl·mfCrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
шVюçсer	шVюçсâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
rìízçr	rìízçrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ybdòCèer	ybdòCèiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
 ·âbrçqïr	 ·âbrçqïrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ūиõãdár	ūиõãdánt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
pātzésūyer	pātzésūya	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
lșzrш Măēиer	lșzrш Măēиant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
qjâòfúfer	qjâòfúfâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
dбôkñutr	dбôkñutraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
iṣqfьr	iṣqfьrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
iсcéx nēNer	iсcéx nēNe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
сMæl·еșáxr	сMæl·еșáxs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ьæôïсõer	ьæôïсõait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
púof'der	púof'de	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ààюò'òõr	ààюò'òõrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ьo-·țāôwăr	ьo-·țāôwărai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
çuñbíer	çuñbíai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
Cюìȳüóюtrñer	Cюìȳüóюtrñât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
сçdyVVjæer	сçdyVVjæe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
glījíer	glījíais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
íõ ṣü áăzr	íõ ṣü áăznt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
óè·vbьṣōer	óè·vbьṣōasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
tīшv ître	tīшv issez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
Mèibòaôü r	Mèibòaôü ssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ísèw wgõàăr	ísèw wgõàărait	V;COND;3;SG;french
qăjtì-īræāier	qăjtì-īræāe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
çmójìSásNr	çmójìSásNriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
eâC-mēer	eâC-mēassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
oțwyиVæțшber	oțwyиVæțшbons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
làq-ôínuer	làq-ôínuiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
nzbS'r	nzbS'rai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ōīșázôhbēir	ōīșázôhbēîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
 yvсgìxur	 yvсgìxuz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
fȳôldéébrer	fȳôldéèbres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
èòmìier	èòmìiasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
āsugüpyòxcier	āsugüpyòxz	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ю ·ȳêṣnrбner	ю ·ȳêṣnrбnâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
geog и'üre	geog и'üsiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
юìââèer	юìââèèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
üéōôțīuеr	üéōôțīuеrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
aàlhwNбer	aàlhwNбiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
zïü xôîer	zïü xôîions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
léțțj'īșjher	léțțj'īșjhaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
îïlCCòenir	îïlCCòiens	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
üSèьMópṣíer	üSèьMópṣíassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
wdfrăr	wdfrăs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ṣqVVáшiñor	ṣqVVáшiñorais	V;COND;1;SG;french
S Vìṣïer	S Vìṣïais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
óиæșMõer	óиæșMõiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
shrñ MuñõNr	shrñ MuñõNz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ñí-âíóîòюCer	ñí-âíóîòюCassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
иțôū·ïzòãuer	иțôū·ïzòãuât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
lțaūìáæxеьr	lțaūìáæxеьr	V;NFIN;french
qîkpьpxaer	qîkpьpxaais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ānȳ·oȳer	ānȳ·oȳe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
hțш·dшyr	hțш·dшyr	V;NFIN;french
óṣlnáēишíer	óṣlnáēишíasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
еrțmsexșer	еrțmsexșoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
'èúūvir	'èúūviras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ш'vkg-huāer	ш'vkg-huāe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
șшisèívr	șшisèívrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
VìcVyòNgīoyer	VìcVyòNgīerrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ñypиmõ r	ñypиmõ nt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
căьmxer	căьmxiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
mьēăNèr	mьēăNèriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ṣúиrCr	ṣúиrCront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
yhSãьé-ìerre	yhSãьé-ìiere	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ohazшáțérer	ohazшáțèrerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
èōhôț·'ár	èōhôț·'áront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
MēèóиMăSer	MēèóиMăSais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
dīf·ìьìer	dīf·ìьìe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
-ñthyюсrõ-r	-ñthyюсrõ-ront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
irNõnrvr	irNõnrvras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
zсyôȳjgìer	zсyôȳjgìe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
èrnõéïb-er	èrnõéïb-ast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
vãuldtzzãndre	vãuldtzzãgnis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
dyōcr·iиíher	dyōcr·iиíhèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
sțf-с șpïbir	sțf-с șpïbe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
юlrgămеxār	юlrgămеxāra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ñēïеêăver	ñēïеêăveraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
dìmSñîzNgõr	dìmSñîzNgõs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
kàóюMôNnsr	kàóюMôNnss	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ȳēãñiюer	ȳēãñiюèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ôȳMráбîюkr	ôȳMráбîюkriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
áьqmálсMóer	áьqmálсMóèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ún Sffz rr	ún Sffz rriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ṣnüwôóāȳ-r	ṣnüwôóāȳ-ssions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
Sqxjpg-zdr	Sqxjpg-zdra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
āīеeáиõюjkr	āīеeáиõюjks	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
Mfcfìьȳșçmr	Mfcfìьȳșçmrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
еwāà'ãьr	еwāà'ãьnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
üaēï·vúáer	üaēï·vúáaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
iīànīèюVr	iīànīèюVs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
t-ñ·fuáēèîr	t-ñ·fuáēèîz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ãkиækVer	ãkиækVa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
țmCьMæṣțeьr	țmCьMæṣțeьr	V;NFIN;french
âjrtdóēr	âjrtdóēssons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
piâyyâr	piâyyâra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
kóșâhháMer	kóșâhháMassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
tsãôàNбgrr	tsãôàNбgrr	V;NFIN;french
üV'æиSkr	üV'æиSkrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
V wúxyer	V wúxyait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
Vōțò·çиMer	Vōțò·çиMassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
rexü·jker	rexü·jkiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
çtȳçí'er	çtȳçí'e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
êêbàьdíțer	êêbàьdíțassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
юjшïбkter	юjшïбktasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ephévkúôr	ephévkúôrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
V--ȳ'éȳcVar	V--ȳ'éȳcVásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãēāhõfVr	ãēāhõfVis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
zvòṣ -õmwбr	zvòṣ -õmwбria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
nîa-goNèr	nîa-goNèvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Cюxō-ȳr	Cюxō-ȳndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
êSClòmzr	êSClòmzdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ôüMī-r	ôüMī-r	V;NFIN;portuguese
Càсvì'æееr	Càсvì'æееrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
nnēȳear	nnēȳee	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
àCqāàar	àCqāàássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aeæSèăăюâèr	aeæSèăăюâèr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
e'zēiíçar	e'zēiíce	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ârõ ïbesar	ârõ ïbesem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
lr-nNqàVшjr	lr-nNqàVшjr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ünôьïar	ünôьïuem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
îoèșюoæjíyr	îoèșюoæjíyr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣ-wpеbtíïwr	ṣ-wpеbtíïwr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
weígбșar	weígбșámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
hæñșæ'б ir	hæñșæ'б istes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ñVșeeòr	ñVșeeòdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ìȳrèozskzir	ìȳrèozskzam	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
tìșyMāaēar	tìșyMāaēou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
се-óbõçvàâar	се-óbõçvàâámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
yôбàzærr	yôбàzærmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ēüïãōqîèṣear	ēüïãōqîèṣee	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
сиçgñôyar	сиçgñôyávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
è·Meqrüqar	è·Meqrüqes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
àqõ bàóīеuar	àqõ bàóīеue	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
MñсiNksuār	MñсiNksuār	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
nlênctr	nlênctsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üāțzdtïè'r	üāțzdtïè'rias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
sçuCméбpr	sçuCméбpres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
·êvбrMțsr	·êvбrMțsrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
xoúìrr	xoúìrdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
dиyñăr	dиyñăr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
țòleSíèir	țòleSíèirem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
lcñCîar	lcñCîou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ceūúuxiír	ceūúuxiíríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
h îеsr	h îеsndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
úrbõSìk· ṣr	úrbõSìk· ṣdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ōar·mwr	ōar·mwr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
z·ṣuær	z·ṣuærmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
hmhòíSar	hmhòíSes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
kшărêientir	kшărêiinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
юāoic·oprar	юāoic·oprei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
éwēvcçсеòìir	éwēvcçсеòìíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
iîüīear	iîüīee	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
æīuêySîбr	æīuêySîбras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
еīâìăâMCюfr	еīâìăâMCюfrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
qmiêgṣmïar	qmiêgṣmïes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ēșōxābVédr	ēșōxābVédríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
q āéíwxr	q āéíwxvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñwcátиóqñōr	ñwcátиóqñōstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
lNofюar	lNofюe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
zсóãxar	zсóãxeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ăȳиúòюr	ăȳиúòюr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
çàṣbqūpor	çàṣbqūporem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Mxîōêer	Mxîōêessem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fæSêиār	fæSêиāra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ьēxzViir	ьēxzViíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ȳôMoăôêr	ȳôMoăôês	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ōбjōsșar	ōбjōsșásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lnțnkōCtr	lnțnkōCtdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ãôūüSr	ãôūüSsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xțaēиóȳr	xțaēиóȳva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
mbóirrlàr	mbóirrlàvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юvSūkæебar	юvSūkæебes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
òìáñhñr	òìáñhñreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ōșuțdhNkíșr	ōșuțdhNkíșis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
gêVôèçțr	gêVôèçțres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
исVçúar	исVçúáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
еșúеюūilr	еșúеюūilremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
pțínēṣnôúyr	pțínēṣnôúyrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
dòoyyr	dòoyyremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
eæьàíicñæur	eæьàíicñæures	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
юñțmstNfr	юñțmstNfstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Mêcēìy'r	Mêcēìy'a	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
eó·-vñtVōîr	eó·-vñtVōîrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
enmdìr	enmdìstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
òódéüṣr	òódéüṣr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ïüxьīâōr	ïüxьīâōreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ôēíîcféhcVr	ôēíîcféhcVres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣбvāīêьòeьr	ṣбvāīêьòeьremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
сîīиiVm r	сîīиiVm m	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
foõ-è-ízïar	foõ-è-ízïa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
еfṣwюà·r	еfṣwюà·m	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
еēibfīr	еēibfīdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
сjpzсknьãțr	сjpzсknьãțr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
tjyzбdáôbr	tjyzбdáôbstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
dțduãr	dțduãria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ṣeéíṣVеór	ṣeéíṣVеórão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
n- sеbṣïr	n- sеbṣïrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dçràgáțr	dçràgáțríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
țиюìweюr	țиюìweюdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
 Cgсиūïr	 Cgсиūïra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
с-иNш'Nldr	с-иNш'Nldssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïmèșjеar	ïmèșjеem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
șțōîn ówiar	șțōîn ówieis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
kăȳșàēēṣar	kăȳșàēēṣo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
kbisâсьîjar	kbisâсьîjámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ȳеMȳсăç'er	ȳеMȳсăç'amos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ō'èțȳr	ō'èțȳvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ēìȳèüStàsìar	ēìȳèüStàsìa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ьèçC'r	ьèçC'r	V;NFIN;portuguese
üāêróêækhvr	üāêróêækhvr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
aț·ñ'ăijr	aț·ñ'ăijram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·шūīucçìrhr	·шūīucçìrhra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
fnțеṣ·gúr	fnțеṣ·gúrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
wàçсṣpãr	wàçсṣpãis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
õшеțd rr	õшеțd rrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
юîē-ìtrar	юîē-ìtres	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
íüеjșar	íüеjșáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
õìcеVthr	õìcеVthrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
'ēkkеüūсūar	'ēkkеüūсūa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ăȳòșuīar	ăȳòșuīe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
qf сȳMtr	qf сȳMtndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ṣükeьgzjṣьir	ṣükeьgzjṣьíam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бс'ïôCçar	бс'ïôCcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
glwCôcar	glwCôque	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
шqtïMr	шqtïMdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
MpVéoúuar	MpVéoúuia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
īōsюbшar	īōsюbшe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ū-бNàṣar	ū-бNàṣemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
züațênr	züațênste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ȳîülzæшr	ȳîülzæшrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
rm'ююNōr	rm'ююNōria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ôxMyōçñèr	ôxMyōçñèsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uaNCâar	uaNCâemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ákhVãæger	ákhVãægeis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
õиuSьōgr	õиuSьōgdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
éiriúâr	éiriúâi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
íшì'Sr	íшì'Sssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·cStNyr	·cStNydo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
ăVìṣēCьnfsr	ăVìṣēCьnfsvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
èȳm'ó·шjr	èȳm'ó·шjva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бíșbèáãMьr	бíșbèáãMьram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Nбxênrr	Nбxênrs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
șæîúбr	șæîúбrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
jíṣшfar	jíṣшfa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
xòеèшte ar	xòеèшte áreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
-vșòõòwr	-vșòõòwva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
āêcrсssēōrr	āêcrсssēōrram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Nbсúюūīwr	Nbсúюūīwva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бyhōéôēáeguir	бyhōéôēáigas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ekuíи-еçrkar	ekuíи-еçrkáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éбxñSeàòr	éбxñSeàòdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ьșïūñîñuar	ьșïūñîñues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
gqèșīcdēéar	gqèșīcdēéávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-rnfxáar	-rnfxáei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
āю·wçr	āю·wçjais	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ōíūtìsær	ōíūtìsæria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
·hāeṣxfñīwr	·hāeṣxfñīwvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïvю·írlpr	ïvю·írlpria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
шéāṣиquzæ-r	шéāṣиquzæ-ríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
năṣNșãár	năṣNșãárás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ȳêvmgr	ȳêvmgríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ȳbóîïhиdNmar	ȳbóîïhиdNmei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ūuafêsãSaîr	ūuafêsãSaîda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
ūṣçròr	ūṣçròrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
xãиês'r	xãиês'ra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ēиdīqmhzSar	ēиdīqmhzSáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ãMālēījюõūr	ãMālēījюõūas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
dãôêàSícer	dãôêàSíça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
nahidăr	nahidărdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
c'юōfūãSr	c'юōfūãSste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ьïsbgьr	ьïsbgьste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
 țáSèōõòб r	 țáSèōõòб res	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
iìyrìr	iìyrìvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zīNūrziCer	zīNūrziCeva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òwòâor	òwòâormos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vòéīwțaêatar	vòéīwțaêata	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ülfūSàwr	ülfūSàwr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
wwōckõr	wwōckõra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
soēæōæêțb·r	soēæōæêțb·ra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
âncâgиē бyar	âncâgиē бyem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ōqdhшar	ōqdhшámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
'lămtggбțar	'lămtggбțáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иsю  yór	иsю  yór	V;NFIN;portuguese
''Vkêr	''Vkêriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
юà-fiüèõéar	юà-fiüèõéáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ícbōьr	ícbōьva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
oqîkȳSòfMir	oqîkȳSòfMíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
dhñkNôr	dhñkNôras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ê-ãbбquì·ăr	ê-ãbбquì·ăi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
êcõïíjr	êcõïíjra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
suиôwàr	suиôwàra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·ízōlâõбr	·ízōlâõбrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
zбfòpōr	zбfòpōr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
āășéāōāȳuar	āășéāōāȳua	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
бüoñxr	бüoñxrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ñ't'n-бr	ñ't'n-бndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
uijæwr	uijæwstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
с·ām'ear	с·ām'eie	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
Míțìu··r	Míțìu··ra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
fdfюíôíæyar	fdfюíôíæyue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xīSîiitr	xīSîiitste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иéVēēgàçr	иéVēēgàçreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
éȳvjâñíáṣr	éȳvjâñíáṣria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ț·oējar	ț·oējemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ãñшñpkșæar	ãñшñpkșæa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
еșkõșar	еșkõșásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōbd·шfjVr	ōbd·шfjVr	V;NFIN;portuguese
 küòeīmar	 küòeīme	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
àīkюsir	àīkюsem	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
SсïṣgNīmr	SсïṣgNīmsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
myêcjȳar	myêcjȳem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
êșæhăr	êșæhăva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ēбgȳìCar	ēбgȳìCáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
çèóиl bеr	çèóиl bеrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
õúVú-Sqȳr	õúVú-Sqȳríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
qz·êjȳôr	qz·êjȳôs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
îéjrшóă slr	îéjrшóă slras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
xopzásṣúyьr	xopzásṣúyьrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
òàьãôoṣr	òàьãôoṣrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
íèçcюhȳvtṣr	íèçcюhȳvtṣram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lōimbfyr	lōimbfysse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïCàmṣor	ïCàmṣoram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
сvzșzr	сvzșzremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ìōxòсózar	ìōxòсózes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ètеȳodīzlr	ètеȳodīzlsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șîaæáȳōõlr	șîaæáȳōõlrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fVиcidncсr	fVиcidncсndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ș'qījéír	ș'qījéírá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ă zêūSar	ă zêūSa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
úmõáqțlr	úmõáqțlvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ūmãănnàîr	ūmãănnàîram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
waó ṣæбèóțr	waó ṣæбèóțrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qçе·țür	qçе·țüsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
meæȳȳòpuиar	meæȳȳòpuиem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
yeéqòr	yeéqòrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
īwêú-qețdțar	īwêú-qețdța	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
CṣNjarbdæōr	CṣNjarbdæōríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ôîbбvcar	ôîbбvquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
bzúmïfеSur	bzúmïfеSusse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tîlàñиâсṣpr	tîlàñиâсṣpm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
éāúș mcar	éāúș mquemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ṣēïNșzr	ṣēïNșzdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
MnSьgr	MnSьgsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fьīìīnár	fьīìīnária	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
шăqSíar	шăqSíia	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
hē'сï·ir	hē'сï·íssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rēȳukhбеãèr	rēȳukhбеãères	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
șеūeüiar	șеūeüiámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Mwzāбá úüdar	Mwzāбá úüdemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ô'súãyñr	ô'súãyñr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
bjcffNиr	bjcffNиi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
âñæüMbCCr	âñæüMbCCrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
çxсqóppîür	çxсqóppîündo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
юúoṣîñgюvr	юúoṣîñgюvrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
иáhеșklr	иáhеșklis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
hæV'SàMVr	hæV'SàMVrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
òțçyoūúôcar	òțçyoūúôcáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
No bir	No biríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
zăïkitr	zăïkitvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ș· büpágîfolir	ș· büpágîfula	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
qãnzfCçr	qãnzfCçria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
pе еī-r	pе еī-stes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ăkéшñr	ăkéшñndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
íz óбôpã'r	íz óбôpã'ras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
óõxюêïшr	óõxюêïшer	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ăfqããlVbṣar	ăfqããlVbṣe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ñcȳvCçhr	ñcȳvCçhvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tāòăuir	tāòăuíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Mâa·ãì-r	Mâa·ãì-sses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
NwūNîюr	NwūNîюda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
pjwáp·iglar	pjwáp·igláreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ācеéVéēãr	ācеéVéēãrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
uиȳ·ăbáqr	uиȳ·ăbáqvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìbáksyc-r	ìbáksyc-rá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
wdïêjytósîr	wdïêjytósîrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
nиюūhōеòēòar	nиюūhōеòēòa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ufíșwvīdсzar	ufíșwvīdсzáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñNúSñaōáбr	ñNúSñaōáбrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
æ'șeāqwāSar	æ'șeāqwāSe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
īògõõir	īògõõirdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Māúaèūhеușr	Māúaèūhеușrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ïшшãbȳr	ïшшãbȳrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
'-æāváar	'-æāváemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ôāwcṣkṣkmar	ôāwcṣkṣkmemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
иeēcuṣr	иeēcuṣdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ãiâbṣbōqMbr	ãiâbṣbōqMbi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
óabшoêr	óabшoêr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
zīqbâьçnōxr	zīqbâьçnōxdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
ăzõqē rēeūr	ăzõqē rēeūres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Cnhбï сбr	Cnhбï сбra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
сiшccvеr	сiшccvеrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
шūvâ·ar	шūvâ·ávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țlqòúéâlsr	țlqòúéâlsremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ш'zóīñr	ш'zóīñi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ōúlãhóсșir	ōúlãhóсșir	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
qkțâkto'tșr	qkțâkto'tșríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
vnòье-ūar	vnòье-ūueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xçnlvíúr	xçnlvíúdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ôõxṣóCșgr	ôõxṣóCșgras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
eюôìtибr	eюôìtибda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
jíēâoar	jíēâoes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ædȳSkkór	ædȳSkkór	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
bCōàVr	bCōàVmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
qбюwñбççr	qбюwñбççdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
·ьyNbãtиìgir	·ьyNbãtиìjas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Ss бúSjmsar	Ss бúSjmsa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ōó'шōōar	ōó'шōōávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
sóôьnr	sóôьndas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
cîçípьáеar	cîçípьáеe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
kóōșìexèr	kóōșìexèr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ăpòăêsuáVar	ăpòăêsuáVámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
hSàbȳr	hSàbȳr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
āNàācr	āNàācra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
NpúueьçMar	NpúueьçMemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ïçbōaīâțr	ïçbōaīâțvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
óôõȳăhìrñhr	óôõȳăhìrñhr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fьêlțôñṣсr	fьêlțôñṣсram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
âfușuñēdækr	âfușuñēdækreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ūíăNnkõõxsr	ūíăNnkõõxsram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
o-еñxjсpr	o-еñxjсpm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ós-áoīȳar	ós-áoīȳem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
с kszеr	с kszеrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
x'seьūòàVr	x'seьūòàVrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ēodéçsSèesr	ēodéçsSèesrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
шfбNиōrür	шfбNиōrüra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
cèîkсg ær	cèîkсg ævas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țókçoar	țókçoares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
jōpãagюîr	jōpãagюîr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
k бăьzoar	k бăьzoa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
xēàñmòóncar	xēàñmòónques	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
fknțíсwã'r	fknțíсwã'm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
desțdmçō r	desțdmçō rias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
țècсṣr	țècсṣríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
épêtòôr	épêtòôrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
áăçṣîar	áăçṣîes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
'éсóMm-сwar	'éсóMm-сweis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ïēkoñhr	ïēkoñhres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
юrеàlōbsr	юrеàlōbsr	V;NFIN;portuguese
cváțãāar	cváțãāemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
бweòàșííMr	бweòàșííMstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ōăîwțyxr	ōăîwțyxr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ēìõryar	ēìõryemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
x·ȳaimMprar	x·ȳaimMpremos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
óõòNēīar	óõòNēīei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Núîkjmṣ·țr	Núîkjmṣ·țríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
bçyæúr	bçyæúis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
eú-·skNиar	eú-·skNиe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
īlñtfàr	īlñtfàram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
speqçāțr	speqçāțrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vêmșìbhеuìr	vêmșìbhеuìva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tpбuStōr	tpбuStōras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
qțēúиfjr	qțēúиfjrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣpâybiēār	ṣpâybiēāi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
t'юfюăr	t'юfюăria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
CòCS'dêçkеr	CòCS'dêçkеr	V;NFIN;portuguese
âèu·ïr	âèu·ïr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ьçuâсar	ьçuâсo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
иíīéü·üMñṣar	иíīéü·üMñṣa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
sNăīeéí-r	sNăīeéí-dos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
èü'êéwíerer	èü'êéwíisesses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lMeîȳсūSìar	lMeîȳсūSìáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úádgōpr	úádgōpram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ipêCSīțâíar	ipêCSīțâíávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lèò· hr	lèò· hria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
oīúnçmCar	oīúnçmCo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
íìâȳìr	íìâȳìrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
pNwuîìlîæor	pNwuîìlîæoram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
óôêpéNar	óôêpéNemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
îúūbqar	îúūbqáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mìòiṣühær	mìòiṣühærá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
efærjr	efærjra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Sеnṣáиūfar	Sеnṣáиūfámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
èōиiīr	èōиiīremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
üâúæïdlȳюr	üâúæïdlȳюram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
íшcñogêеear	íшcñogêеeemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
шvюájr	шvюájmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūwdlèpr	ūwdlèpres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ur шqñúr	ur шqñúrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
āìôсtиțñar	āìôсtиțñámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
yîсïür	yîсïüram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
rìtcȳfñar	rìtcȳfñáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ășææâ āMr	ășææâ āMres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
cеotpaîīar	cеotpaîīo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
еgcêtátohæar	еgcêtátohæámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
сnеē·àClșúr	сnеē·àClșúdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
-nñēсênòar	-nñēсênòou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zшóшmôòеcpr	zшóшmôòеcprdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
lășēzbxbñr	lășēzbxbñva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
gxéātăr	gxéātăram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ășySfióáēar	ășySfióáēávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
eòь-ear	eòь-eeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
néиShãer	néиShãe	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ìьSmkir	ìьSmka	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
çuōиcãjê·ar	çuōиcãjê·em	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
и'aíhōgwóar	и'aíhōgwóáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
fюțìюMrr	fюțìюMrstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
rṣиșamynpkr	rṣиșamynpkm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
'üwîulr	'üwîulva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bVlèīr	bVlèīrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ēçú сdar	ēçú сda	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
āōбzuāèvr	āōбzuāèvra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
'·еōīlgcr	'·еōīlgcs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
yñòíéçtwrr	yñòíéçtwrndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ēSeсxpMar	ēSeсxpMem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
qVí'pàdēbȳr	qVí'pàdēbȳnham	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
wсásб··évr	wсásб··évsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
áuówêȳcàиar	áuówêȳcàиei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ksбyõf·ñar	ksбyõf·ñemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
h·bâoVmr	h·bâoVmrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
onе·еMăcar	onе·еMăque	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
-'ōkô'üīr	-'ōkô'üīste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ōñôrcur	ōñôrcures	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ь-èuеçòr	ь-èuеçòr	V;NFIN;portuguese
VèīàxâíãVyar	VèīàxâíãVyásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
èhNîūir	èhNîūirmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ēíìxgúàr	ēíìxgúàva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳNqpиur	ȳNqpиurem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
еíȳ'bțïbeōr	еíȳ'bțïbeōres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
r'ualVzăé·r	r'ualVzăé·das	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
zóïoюifSr	zóïoюifSres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
иcбșāCșôúșar	иcбșāCșôúșeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
еísCüer	еísCüais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
íсdcшCtòar	íсdcшCtòem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ñkdț'еōoNxar	ñkdț'еōoNxes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
бōеeú'Mèìr	бōеeú'Mèìríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
Vpṣеòеlir	Vpṣеòеlíres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
êeráçьnōar	êeráçьnōa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ôȳoȳyr	ôȳoȳyr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
õиōeūînr	õиōeūînrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
wúbvVеr	wúbvVеria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
chf àr	chf àva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tmpmçjăupr	tmpmçjăupr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
òdūæoю·ūи r	òdūæoю·ūи ra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ȳсāoxr	ȳсāoxríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
așwaāár	așwaāára	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
иy SpgшõîCr	иy SpgшõîCria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
qzqáár	qzqáádos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
èêããCrīòr	èêããCrīòu	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
nēsȳn pióCor	nēsȳn pióCões	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ṣсãíz'kar	ṣсãíz'karás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
õtéévāar	õtéévāáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
é'xzcî'ar	é'xzcî'a	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ul ãæúr	ul ãæúra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
gmtînìòsr	gmtînìòsr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
nçllgèyqar	nçllgèyqem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sòuōîây'ăxr	sòuōîây'ăxvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úkóàpMtcar	úkóàpMtquem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
õlьVdȳòpm ar	õlьVdȳòpm ásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 eçwtúãbêsr	 eçwtúãbêsram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ṣêNNdr	ṣêNNddas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ōбōț-Sqиar	ōбōț-Sqиe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ìīêшíar	ìīêшíou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
hьāсgсōNyaar	hьāсgсōNyaássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣìьd-ãшṣiбr	ṣìьd-ãшṣiбrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
êfеü wêar	êfеü wêa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
бwôăjvtçar	бwôăjvtçe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
æîàíónir	æîàíóne	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
çcïfVziãir	çcïfVziãíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ütoúænìcyàr	ütoúænìcyàriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
mmāāīsæиar	mmāāīsæиa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
qiæ·xnbr	qiæ·xnbsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ehcéîïqar	ehcéîïqem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
îèñylãçápdr	îèñylãçápdreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
æop'ṣoсzюóar	æop'ṣoсzюóem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
âeñ fôar	âeñ fôámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
yi uòzvar	yi uòzve	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
âсésēaõmbdcer	âсésēaõmbdçamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ьìnâ-ñȳir	ьìnâ-ñȳissem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ò'cīíțăâr	ò'cīíțăârdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rсõóhьâôs'ar	rсõóhьâôs'em	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
îòc'é gr	îòc'é gríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
èôèāNãr	èôèāNãrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
íāшïvȳxìr	íāшïvȳxìva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иvlсwæáàer	иvlсwæáàivera	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
сò-ьáêãqhar	сò-ьáêãqha	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
wy'oïxr	wy'oïxsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иь êôüVèr	иь êôüVèsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
eáíæбrkìr	eáíæбrkìsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țaCcérr	țaCcérr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
óьеâlсrsôar	óьеâlсrsôo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
fVemșеr	fVemșеrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ccõaьīmC·ïr	ccõaьīmC·ïvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'bôçkpMôūvr	'bôçkpMôūvrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
êиēșïșâvqūr	êиēșïșâvqūrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
úgéhSюtr	úgéhSюtstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ăăīêwēbújór	ăăīêwēbújói	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
xìīō'èêêrir	xìīō'èêêríramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
xyô'Côer	xyô'Côerdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vбīсçиpòr	vбīсçиpòres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Nïīūăúțr	Nïīūăúțda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
bæNgеü'r	bæNgеü'ríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
eúzoñsgir	eúzoñsjam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ēVMàgóvr	ēVMàgóvdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
âyãṣónzòar	âyãṣónzòáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
óüõôgr	óüõôgríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
S 'ôcьс·cr	S 'ôcьс·csses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìaăCkṣòwçpr	ìaăCkṣòwçprei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
būьüCēpsgór	būьüCēpsgóríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
-qmюcüțyr	-qmюcüțyvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
epônpdaьāāar	epônpdaьāāáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
âṣMçïr	âṣMçïr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ē xīfшlkшìar	ē xīfшlkшìem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
êūNīúōfáõr	êūNīúōfáõio	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
múzȳílar	múzȳíle	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ьã-ànṣêr	ьã-ànṣêrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
àüñīеpcíar	àüñīеpcíemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сãvu-ьr	сãvu-ьnham	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
-шó-êir	-шó-êisse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
r-àtlìear	r-àtlìeávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьzlaiar	ьzlaie	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
Næxеwr	Næxеwda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
 ēútæMrVar	 ēútæMrVeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
nkqȳoir	nkqȳoamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
tюêuñȳșūir	tюêuñȳșūisse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
jçиьuúîmìer	jçиьuúîmìam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
îv·ãcar	îv·ãca	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
aóvūïòьéar	aóvūïòьéem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
l'ōmíhòеr	l'ōmíhòеria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
 èñú·èáōьr	 èñú·èáōьríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
··æsīíiaшñr	··æsīíiaшñva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òиwāgwãr	òиwāgwãrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Nūșüïñr	Nūșüïñres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
æôȳdеr	æôȳdеi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
юmúиăбшõgir	юmúиăбшõja	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
fòñ xqVr	fòñ xqVra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ãpōh zar	ãpōh zem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Cl'Vñr	Cl'Vñr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
æôCōăr	æôCōăvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бMăah ю'êr	бMăah ю'êi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
pqvсăqqr	pqvсăqqsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Nēvcюr	Nēvcюrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
SсбсéVjuær	SсбсéVjuæram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
vēòеāțțvçr	vēòеāțțvçstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ȳakíțr	ȳakíțrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
játkVvar	játkVvásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bбáMȳVtxr	bбáMȳVtxva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-'ȳvsar	-'ȳvsaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
îaêsūqr	îaêsūqr	V;NFIN;portuguese
êèòȳьșlr	êèòȳьșlriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
zьàòțṣer	zьàòțṣo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
xï-ìtâìècбar	xï-ìtâìècбo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
tròеñîer	tròеñîamos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
сnīâōVbãâmar	сnīâōVbãâmásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ôáqmūāеīțir	ôáqmūāеīțíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Stjóæó-C r	Stjóæó-C rias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
'rьcíèьșr	'rьcíèьșrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ièhôMxqr	ièhôMxqrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ruеysúar	ruеysúáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
èwïñüòyçnr	èwïñüòyçnva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ēâālerr	ēâālerrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
шșnMvMn-tāer	шșnMvMn-tāiam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иșéюlôfâьvr	иșéюlôfâьvrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
làîóțsolæòr	làîóțsolæòr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çqnïēyúæar	çqnïēyúæeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
īo'zqar	īo'zqemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ïuôèztkêar	ïuôèztkêe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
òсúōēvsîhèr	òсúōēvsîhèrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
òiæe·r	òiæe·sse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
íеьīàgar	íеьīàgem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
q-xwóêhr	q-xwóêhdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ítíljxïțar	ítíljxïțe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
иnàSçsSr	иnàSçsSi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
eNõátgr	eNõátgreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ris·far	ris·fei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zóиțèar	zóиțèássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
x юsș·r	x юsș·rás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
üìæȳatălr	üìæȳatălras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ăèrmūór	ăèrmūórem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
waíьúr	waíьúndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
S bNōr	S bNōr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
kèvțizïjr	kèvțizïjrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
kk-lC-ȳõCюr	kk-lC-ȳõCюrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ìñxhбюиüõшr	ìñxhбюиüõшr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
eftSwr	eftSwríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
еápyūgsMьr	еápyūgsMьr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ōyVūw-ar	ōyVūw-emos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
îS țõlr	îS țõlras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
úèSvmrhṣèar	úèSvmrhṣèe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
юórīîar	юórīîássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
CsõсSCbr	CsõсSCbrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ceюkțūar	ceюkțūe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
apãnü·ñr	apãnü·ñste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Cțȳèçaюār	Cțȳèçaюāvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ònSṣāvêююr	ònSṣāvêююsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hóvṣVṣr	hóvṣVṣrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
с çMqnr	с çMqnr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
êæèscṣStóar	êæèscṣStóássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ccetkspí'ar	ccetkspí'ivéramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
âõdçăfváăir	âõdçăfváăais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
õçīaaVîr	õçīaaVîrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
pêшîMr	pêшîMi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
óçшõyîêиr	óçшõyîêиsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иjē-õr	иjē-õríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
бCvt·ïar	бCvt·ïeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
riașc·ópr	riașc·ópsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ni-ìāar	ni-ìāáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Nсbxиô·ar	Nсbxиô·e	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ïīшôṣìdîír	ïīшôṣìdîírmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
qțNîе-dlçr	qțNîе-dlçram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
eèüs иer	eèüs иêssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àmòuqșr	àmòuqșríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
sȳkjzèбāar	sȳkjzèбāemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
īCzéqrlbar	īCzéqrlbe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ăïNVpr	ăïNVprias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
'îxéseMbār	'îxéseMbār	V;NFIN;portuguese
hșсțyár	hșсțyára	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
pâюVшêеar	pâюVшêеásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
r-m-pñ юиr	r-m-pñ юиvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òMvfñhqôеr	òMvfñhqôеríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
ȳNzeиṣïíar	ȳNzeиṣïíem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
xiêōq ēșèîr	xiêōq ēșèîsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïæóиwytr	ïæóиwytríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
üMkVéãhSyar	üMkVéãhSyámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zîlēyăṣèïrr	zîlēyăṣèïrríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ṣNCшēiьr	ṣNCшēiьdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
íúîéárсar	íúîéárсeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
iáqеpüșõr	iáqеpüșõsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àdéá-юúr	àdéá-юúmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
gìòsólеkēar	gìòsólеkēei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Vlȳyēyîr	Vlȳyēyîsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ç·шю·ür	ç·шю·üvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Nfuâàébar	Nfuâàébe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ngēñeáüjgōar	ngēñeáüjgōa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
yețāшш'ar	yețāшш'ávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
āșâìсhpṣиár	āșâìсhpṣиármos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
êiṣzîar	êiṣzîemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
иjиōmȳar	иjиōmȳue	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ôшncrur	ôшncrundo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
юSzúüC юqer	юSzúüC юqerei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
èlбõbir	èlбõbi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
óVé·wīиgar	óVé·wīиge	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
gpmjь'eq·æar	gpmjь'eq·æe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
dydæçMбàqar	dydæçMбàqais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
бūú·üūr	бūú·üūis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
íMēorîCюtțr	íMēorîCюtțres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
's lVōCr	's lVōCrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
üyñõбokir	üyñõбokes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
m'qишlaxlr	m'qишlaxlste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
éNrêюãqr	éNrêюãqrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
u-òàāir	u-òàāíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ìcīóMū юr	ìcīóMū юres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
eeïSx ūеr	eeïSx ūеsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
jNdæāar	jNdæāemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ímșüòzyqar	ímșüòzyqei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ōñārāêíюjer	ōñārāêíюje	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
xē·v'zēôr	xē·v'zēôdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
sюáC âVr	sюáC âVndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ôkюàêüizVțer	ôkюàêüizVțido	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
·tеṣêеzlSar	·tеṣêеzlSáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úïüñсr	úïüñсres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
rdēȳií ñ Mr	rdēȳií ñ Mi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ь'ȳеãār	ь'ȳеãāis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
mòkNșar	mòkNșásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hâãafṣbbzmar	hâãafṣbbzmues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
oCèkṣar	oCèkṣe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ìьéæpítr	ìьéæpíts	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
tēēlïor	tēēlïusesse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șféììr	șféììsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bīpāwéõеūtr	bīpāwéõеūtra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
 kиç r	 kиç vam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãwbNеr	ãwbNеa	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üñèhūr	üñèhūm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
fьyVjar	fьyVjueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
êțúēõṣizr	êțúēõṣizdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ffïwlr	ffïwlsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
'eсòāar	'eсòāei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
īăбīâar	īăбīâei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õoīюîj æír	õoīюîj æíndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
õSñyūȳar	õSñyūȳe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
āîhçrbțir	āîhçrbțais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сūæV-r	сūæV-ste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
êüwúpdnõțrar	êüwúpdnõțra	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
шiūCиVïà'áar	шiūCиVïà'áeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
zāíçîlîdar	zāíçîlîdáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pæóîșõæSr	pæóîșõæSr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
vxgșòófcar	vxgșòófque	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sqgîēhsbîïr	sqgîēhsbîïrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
еṣóVaeç Cr	еṣóVaeç Cdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
tãîāñïar	tãîāñïa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
NōuáNr	NōuáNvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
CNáSõfr	CNáSõfsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 çàèòar	 çàèòemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ñzешedr	ñzешedres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ndțиækсar	ndțиækсámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Cóüvlr	Cóüvlreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
șSmõc-êazer	șSmõc-êizerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ēțcooNr	ēțcooNrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
pôбéьr	pôбéьres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
gēîб·r	gēîб·is	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
бbüóSNâyær	бbüóSNâyæras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
qouñévxìr	qouñévxìrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
tеVéțvyar	tеVéțvyes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ōșéhьCar	ōșéhьCe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
çèqyôNr	çèqyôNria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ōõīòyr	ōõīòyremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
áfó'gïgr	áfó'gïgres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
īīшínôõāz-ar	īīшínôõāz-emos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
VkúьVytgār	VkúьVytgāsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
е ôēюCюr	е ôēюCюs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
âбìdì'сar	âбìdì'сuemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
rсиțăsàr	rсиțăsàda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
uē-ș·сaúōdr	uē-ș·сaúōdmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
fюqegïбr	fюqegïбmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
xēбâ-·Nkțr	xēбâ-·Nkțrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ñç ṣиyеāxȳar	ñç ṣиyеāxȳásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìNinìr	ìNinìram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
șá·cNr	șá·cNriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
jvīïâțêVhór	jvīïâțêVhórem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
sьMtér	sьMtérmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
êâăãîr	êâăãîram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
pSkūNбnñ-ar	pSkūNбnñ-es	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Nțиòū·еьwür	Nțиòū·еьwüvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
yúfáõar	yúfáõávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ījшnб'īpïr	ījшnб'īpïres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
üdcêpïiientir	üdcêpïiiinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
àtîásīr	àtîásīr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ãсīfsюr	ãсīfsюr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
alînîr	alînîstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
jcóșçaar	jcóșçaa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
âmu·иCāțr	âmu·иCāțsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zúīaaar	zúīaaáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
êæìțțèúé r	êæìțțèúé vas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ôúīȳîír	ôúīȳîíram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ês'шȳț-r	ês'шȳț-ria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ȳwiyüükNêir	ȳwiyüükNêíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ōn'ïьr	ōn'ïьmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ìāüūсrCîиar	ìāüūсrCîиes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
òșсrшlr	òșсrшlr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ïxè·âбCüar	ïxè·âбCüou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
qrúomr	qrúomriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
țшikVxstòr	țшikVxstòste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
òlçȳôеãâír	òlçȳôеãâíra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
сwoòæțqūàór	сwoòæțqūàórem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
geēbhñ'òçūar	geēbhñ'òçūemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
шãe'ăr	шãe'ănhas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
-сhhîpюvr	-сhhîpюvria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
âèãē-î'uбéar	âèãē-î'uбéies	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
iõсhсir	iõсhсi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ьywunșrбír	ьywunșrбíndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
сșmóôwfar	сșmóôwfem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
șmrx'eár	șmrx'eárei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ftkīōzīiсr	ftkīōzīiсr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
-sūnьr	-sūnьsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ígscêyr	ígscêyrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
âiȳgçæar	âiȳgçæemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
âюòōCííиōr	âюòōCííиōdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
nāōètgúr'ar	nāōètgúr'emos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
'uîìvējí r	'uîìvējí sses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hăvbCczfar	hăvbCczfei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ah еzr	ah еzrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
wшõvшíōir	wшõvшíōi	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
сюãf·óNr	сюãf·óNda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
-ucшw·r	-ucшw·r	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ñaьbür	ñaьbüres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ïSz úp·òSōr	ïSz úp·òSōrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
zwrбiшar	zwrбiшe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
àãôеăyñer	àãôеăyñam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ìSæCиr	ìSæCиste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
bkübgr	bkübgdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
Mèê-Mar	Mèê-Me	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ìï iиcюôar	ìï iиcюôe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
CbiăóSr	CbiăóSdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
иìè ăar	иìè ăemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
òибêбxюn·r	òибêбxюn·ria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
Svugfaиar	Svugfaиáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
áшēgéxçVkar	áшēgéxçVkuem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ãeíóyqCṣr	ãeíóyqCṣrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
wìxvбсьсеr	wìxvбсьсеria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ú âtïüver	ú âtïüja	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
бсvóеr	бсvóеrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
f ăoyôôâr	f ăoyôôâdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ūīõxóhюzāmr	ūīõxóhюzāmsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àaõâqīr	àaõâqīva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ò·бшòjær	ò·бшòjær	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ádīaCr	ádīaCrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
kṣwakor	kṣwakuserem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
zCьbsă'ar	zCьbsă'e	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
èqсétr	èqсétras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
uææăṣhōбr	uææăṣhōбstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
шüеōéьr	шüеōéьdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
âиgеīбūīutr	âиgеīбūīutdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
d·ynȳîеhbèer	d·ynȳîеhbèe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
hzyoюr	hzyoюssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ágVṣâõsór	ágVṣâõsóm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ьúñêzsar	ьúñêzsei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cnïсār	cnïсāram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
сCkaï'M r	сCkaï'M res	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
doṣnsæеar	doṣnsæеarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ūlçбīsăr	ūlçбīsăria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
zVăb'r	zVăb'rem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
еVòqvlr	еVòqvlram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tdVūṣеâuбr	tdVūṣеâuбrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
бeúvbíbr	бeúvbíbda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
cȳ h-cr	cȳ h-cmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
aáóюçlr	aáóюçlrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
àèaèюшâCibir	àèaèюшâCíbais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
шēьēvwōr	шēьēvwōsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
gōdñycȳCr	gōdñycȳCva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳnSêSбãúиеr	ȳnSêSбãúиеrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ygȳãwar	ygȳãwuem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
êȳigôvMhṣr	êȳigôvMhṣras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
țâōóñVar	țâōóñVes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ōnьсṣxьá or	ōnьсṣxьá oremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ăēíîсMkюar	ăēíîсMkюemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ūuôtfìr	ūuôtfìrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
zaôupьr	zaôupьras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
'êêãgìáăṣbar	'êêãgìáăṣbei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иṣolеgūNr	иṣolеgūNrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ï'sāănVr	ï'sāănVríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
ȳóïêāSïūur	ȳóïêāSïūus	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
wéêtșūñy еar	wéêtșūñy еe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ñxuoíșãar	ñxuoíșãe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ȳȳсâ-áigear	ȳȳсâ-áigeei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
-êt·hōar	-êt·hōe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
êraṣôюr	êraṣôюndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
e·xqNélòăr	e·xqNélòăr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Mēwīpxy·r	Mēwīpxy·rá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
yțækqir	yțækqirá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ìèm·êшogãr	ìèm·êшogãríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
übzíéñár	übzíéñáríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ïnì ōxōr	ïnì ōxōrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
mс·ótúăr	mс·ótúărmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
qádêсz·ì·ìar	qádêсz·ì·ìássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êõôăюr	êõôăюram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Ciбamēodшáar	Ciбamēodшáásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
èbúêuâéxr	èbúêuâéxsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìryóṣ pr	ìryóṣ pres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
oeüțmr	oeüțmra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
fūxèwknișæar	fūxèwknișæei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
еoâ·ucr	еoâ·ucr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
îVqouòvçțrar	îVqouòvçțrámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
uCSăьījVar	uCSăьījVou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
éêsçêеñr	éêsçêеñrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ïшbáôеîVler	ïшbáôеîVlíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xōaиár	xōaиárias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
hсālìôfó-ьr	hсālìôfó-ьrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
иijjtiеr	иijjtiеrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ïбñîâar	ïбñîâáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳlṣcMâgéïr	ȳlṣcMâgéïra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
шñoīçmnhr	шñoīçmnhras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ád-jṣar	ád-jṣa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
rеçбțMer	rеçбțMe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
íàüсбьr	íàüсбьres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
oīdïgar	oīdïgáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
âpqțèæ cer	âpqțèæ ça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
üôçpāï-çar	üôçpāï-çei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ȳnwCõrьêșr	ȳnwCõrьêșram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·ădæuôájr	·ădæuôájdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
MvüjCar	MvüjCemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
țnașăṣăar	țnașăṣăáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pôx·úæшr	pôx·úæшr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
-éõjñr	-éõjñrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
è·'еòrȳïSâr	è·'еòrȳïSâr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
Sraîñсúиr	Sraîñсúиs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
nîés'r	nîés'ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ṣæюăçșr	ṣæюăçșs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
cjyfьr	cjyfьdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
õæшâcæ-er	õæшâcæ-idos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
Ctшțjuеșr	Ctшțjuеșria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
úêxīșīkdñcr	úêxīșīkdñcrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ïс jsar	ïс jsássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àfõzșxaar	àfõzșxauemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
y èūár	y èūáreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ì-nбkîúr	ì-nбkîúr	V;NFIN;portuguese
jwcbōшюçar	jwcbōшюcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ṣmúôшôhoеar	ṣmúôшôhoеe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ñòâáiôāìiar	ñòâáiôāìie	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
pôiáfțêr	pôiáfțêra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Méсjrbȳxar	Méсjrbȳxem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·âzmqâíúеNr	·âzmqâíúеNi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ōjșьcêar	ōjșьcêáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ãlCюèr	ãlCюèra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ôàkьòfggbar	ôàkьòfggba	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ȳētVбpēiūбar	ȳētVбpēiūбem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
áе-êmaьwar	áе-êmaьwue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
æèúь'ãīсôr	æèúь'ãīсôstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
N'ïop-țar	N'ïop-țem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
kuuòVūïNr	kuuòVūïNr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣfú'mюrõdir	ṣfú'mюrõdíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
 hc Cēlüṣar	 hc Cēlüṣarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
eèüиîSktòr	eèüиîSktòrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ïîæCãíonrcar	ïîæCãíonrquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
àбasiCūq'r	àбasiCūq'is	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
úêêíkcăwár	úêêíkcăwárdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Vhà'Nrqēr	Vhà'Nrqēr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
'mõaâōyìâir	'mõaâōyìâís	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
luvȳсîzoōr	luvȳсîzoōriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
òCțèïar	òCțèïou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
шçMōêr	шçMōêssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xlȳsâñlwar	xlȳsâñlwássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шgеȳōár	шgеȳōádas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
 еиqxór	 еиqxóis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
·ьdoSòюr	·ьdoSòюria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
-ăêìiíō axr	-ăêìiíō axrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
èüиéôè-bīãr	èüиéôè-bīãva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Sruà oar	Sruà oou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ț·ṣhjīеṣr	ț·ṣhjīеṣriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ăcèòбClsar	ăcèòбClsemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
mïhūáhāyyr	mïhūáhāyyva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бfjCăar	бfjCăeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Cȳàpāõr	Cȳàpāõam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éwxōïNmr	éwxōïNmram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ñfбūSēsr	ñfбūSēsva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xèew îir	xèew îes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
éçñьñīxôr	éçñьñīxôsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êūMūшlбíȳr	êūMūшlбíȳrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ySlgи·еōṣwr	ySlgи·еōṣwria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ç cCãóeçctar	ç cCãóeçctáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
īj rúcn·çar	īj rúcn·ça	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
îб țìNēar	îб țìNēemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
tòdaêìïir	tòdaêìïir	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ü·сóеpr	ü·сóеpsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñêhíеawar	ñêhíеawemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
çêéeyocr	çêéeyocr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
éjáôVæìkс-r	éjáôVæìkс-reis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ydzãúcíCēьr	ydzãúcíCēьr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
õшèSìgr	õшèSìgrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
gbsèāhear	gbsèāheáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·юaòæpõíCr	·юaòæpõíCdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
eóyiììMr	eóyiììMrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
lībf-ṣdtr	lībf-ṣdtrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
yíïhílr	yíïhílndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
úxfàïâçx r	úxfàïâçx ssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nïеăúbær	nïеăúbæjamos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
еjōeèar	еjōeèei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
qzàīçiSr	qzàīçiSrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vcind-vr	vcind-vdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
Nêãpfșиīar	Nêãpfșиīa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
kcбïсēüсqr	kcбïсēüсqram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
wõă·é'qōyr	wõă·é'qōyram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õzlêqȳr	õzlêqȳva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
îișôâüur	îișôâüurdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
oN-zòõōr	oN-zòõōsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
õсnиbr	õсnиbr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
dCéáqțcVrr	dCéáqțcVrsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æãcæár	æãcæárdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
kdālmшvсr	kdālmшvсr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
еãșíáéïr	еãșíáéïríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ōîçq-õvr	ōîçq-õvi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
àôбxōāzr	àôбxōāzssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìêwôrūniár	ìêwôrūniárdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
êCjēūьr	êCjēūьsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
VCw æcar	VCw æquem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
f'ī сȳtVpȳr	f'ī сȳtVpȳria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
шôéèvæíīfgir	шôéèvæíīfjam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
yшиôoyīīar	yшиôoyīīem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
vïōьбȳr	vïōьбȳreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ōMíьсāar	ōMíьсāou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Seêюhñikr	Seêюhñiks	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
Sáo dNbāçшr	Sáo dNbāçшrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
l'blṣar	l'blṣe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
CțvkóéVvatar	CțvkóéVvate	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
mzàсVqêar	mzàсVqêou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
æȳ сбòr	æȳ сбòrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
iòōïzшòír	iòōïzшòír	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
õl·lpbçr	õl·lpbçrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
aVюòcmr	aVюòcmmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
xēcțbfr	xēcțbfrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
pSdïṣūiiér	pSdïṣūiiéres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dïcq-gSMr	dïcq-gSMram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
cțüúV-īr	cțüúV-īrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
iSìfzсàqVoar	iSìfzсàqVoo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ácьâwór	ácьâwóram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
fșñffMzr	fșñffMzis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ōqzhbr	ōqzhbres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ā'āyе gêr	ā'āyе gêríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
țCîrpèij-ìr	țCîrpèij-ìrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
õoêеш'ïMèar	õoêеш'ïMèe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
cbêáçhæíãcar	cbêáçhæíãqueis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
òbdèôdsr	òbdèôdssse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æи ïāir	æи ïāam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ṣóōêrțlVīer	ṣóōêrțlVīidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ēюíasēōōcar	ēюíasēōōcámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
çàūã·ñсr	çàūã·ñсdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
qtCúyæànr	qtCúyæànríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ñzmūõțbr	ñzmūõțbrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
țòczxìțlr	țòczxìțlram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ôañòvkr	ôañòvkdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
·ìxCCybîir	·ìxCCybîiriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
·lñnсăuēár	·lñnсăuēásse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìеxșwèkõõcr	ìеxșwèkõõcsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Sjȳ·rr	Sjȳ·rm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
exweôtòæār	exweôtòæāra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ífcс'ar	ífcс'ues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Nylqgar	Nylqgáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éõç·nшăüâar	éõç·nшăüâue	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
·ātiīìȳñiar	·ātiīìȳñiásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳìáròzfaar	ȳìáròzfaáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ē·rmmīar	ē·rmmīem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
C'īȳVr	C'īȳVrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ю CaMиrúar	ю CaMиrúáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иīdVfgбar	иīdVfgбássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īȳnиеcūür	īȳnиеcūüdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ииgçșâür	ииgçșâür	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ȳxrājíNôr	ȳxrājíNôra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
áxvzSnóVir	áxvzSnóVamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
VdьNõpсyеnr	VdьNõpсyеnas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èjkṣgõar	èjkṣgões	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ūuñșãáõòar	ūuñșãáõòou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mblïōNшar	mblïōNшem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ìüMīwïdr	ìüMīwïdssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шMnñâxçr	шMnñâxçrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
sgvюqār	sgvюqārem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ȳyīațVr	ȳyīațVssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăâüudăōăare	ăâüudăōăi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
·-țuoNdre	·-țuoNdmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
āxâбèuôrsi	āxâбèuôamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
áê'бôbhrsi	mi áê'бôbhssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
еSeеlбótáre	еSeеlбótávano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ôS-иṣâîzṣñare	ôS-иṣâîzṣñhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
pи·ãàòuê are	pи·ãàòuê erebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
àéàȳcúarsi	si àéàȳcúano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
yбúțudòCère	yбúțudòCèvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
шjíMâ-hClrsi	vi шjíMâ-hClste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
âSîuyre	âSîuyssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
țSotpcre	țSotpcte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
tküxсüqe	tküxсüqe	V;NFIN;italian
 ṣuñioūсñrsi	si  ṣuñioūсñno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
lãìíyauìSarsi	si lãìíyauìSerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ăôlíòjrsi	vi ăôlíòjte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
íîàă īrsi	ci íîàă īssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
vūtMāhьVènare	vūtMāhьVèni	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ü jysgere	ü jysgi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ãéṣCirsi	ci ãéṣCimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ī'·úțçre	ī'·úțçste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
tēSсügre	tēSсügmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
cayíwréütarsi	ci cayíwréüteremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ьȳjюxpâüre	ьȳjюxpâündo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
юá iîș·еare	юá iîș·еa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
íàcaNyre	íàcaNyste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ūюkCшăgàare	ūюkCшăgàiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
·юáwjkèбere	·юáwjkèбi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
'ìȳāyшgéeare	'ìȳāyшgéea	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
MțиюMNVdrsi	ti MțиюMNVdssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
шyñcwzyțqñare	шyñcwzyțqñi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
lōȳãnrare	lōȳãnrhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ăèâțșcpare	ăèâțșcpammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
òãzócre	òãzócvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ôñbjãuōrsi	ci ôñbjãuōviamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
Mțvūyxhk-are	Mțvūyxhk-o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
hōõ-qsMNore	hōõ-qsMNoi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
váxìúôVrre	váxìúôVrsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
zévióиwêòSare	zévióиwêòSerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ūzzrь-re	ūzzrь-vi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ōNNuăшîïire	ōNNuăшîïi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
Mñwú-c're	Mñwú-c'vano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
âMl âçēpōare	âMl âçēpōerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ïеьãNogSìæare	ïеьãNogSìæerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
бîaūmçșsi	si бîaūmçșono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
dбăèpvnãúre	dбăèpvnãúsca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ьīniú'ñwюlre	ьīniú'ñwюlste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ṣñyõúggkáre	ṣñyõúggkánte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
lāæVwиlre	lāæVwиlvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
èxb Sôrsi	vi èxb Sôste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
rūèMāfōare	rūèMāfōno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
uNaíúéiarsi	vi uNaíúéerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
īfcjkNōS-drsi	īfcjkNōS-dti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
'òăüüre	'òăüünte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
bqáçсбzêere	bqáçсбzêate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sottowū'mftere	sorwū'mftiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
æшiòōбre	æшiòōбssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ьSïuìáеtțvare	ьSïuìáеtțviamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
õíáM tссk-re	õíáM tссk-ssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
eõțscïțNe	eõțscïțNemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
usóñ·Mîúmсare	usóñ·Mîúmсino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
c b lṣuôre	c b lṣuôno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
Nôñ·Sre	Nôñ·Sssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
īãVkṣòçúvre	īãVkṣòçúvssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
юaбdítre	юaбdítssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ï-ñNoare	ï-ñNoeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ējnMogersi	si ējnMosero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
tṣôgwídre	tṣôgwídvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
nș 'șèjṣúwrsi	nș 'șèjṣúwtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
o'âæxare	o'âæxi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
Semviȳp-ewrsi	si Semviȳp-ewsca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ñīfõrare	ñīfõro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
șmăzfNãáõqarsi	mi șmăzfNãáõqherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ūóшòòṣíьSçe	ūóшòòṣíьSçe	V;NFIN;italian
àNāăшare	àNāăшhi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
dācìțcspfñarsi	si dācìțcspfñi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ăñnxeïarsi	ti ăñnxeïerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ægMm-âw-h·rsi	ci ægMm-âw-h·vamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
 àêjoarsi	ci  àêjoiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ȳaz-ījriсre	ȳaz-ījriсssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
бCys'ȳgare	бCys'ȳgi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
 b·yṣére	 b·yṣéte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ōóoõ'ttMnarsi	si ōóoõ'ttMnò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
uCóuwïoçre	uCóuwïoçste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
z kyvzò·kre	z kyvzò·kvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
f'çeèe	f'çeèe	V;NFIN;italian
NlcMêíórsi	si NlcMêíóvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ōçиmșóre	ōçиmșóssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ȳwmòòare	ȳwmòòerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
zçVòeáбèrsi	vi zçVòeáбèste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
iíoиьjb tïre	iíoиьjb tïste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
 Vòân'e	 Vòân'ò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
óbê ynō'are	óbê ynō'i	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
pāçăure	pāçăussi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ōьêéțrsela	ōьêéțtevela	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
șusṣōutre	șusṣōutate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ьqșahyfóre	ьqșahyfóvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ïēaálifhare	ïēaálifhi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
èțæMîCSюere	èțæMîCSюano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
çújāășylúьrsi	vi çújāășylúьste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
Mūьsyare	Mūьsyerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
óьū·áñadăpre	óьū·áñadăpto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ôṣ țôwiyñare	ôṣ țôwiyñeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
·âсьyrsi	vi ·âсьyste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
Cиitônore	Cиitônossi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ïpāúēare	ïpāúēeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
íēaīukçarsi	si íēaīukçherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
rñь·hçoare	rñь·hçoi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
Npìôбîīre	Npìôбîīste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
seobgarsi	si seobgerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
mãkáurьȳæāre	mãkáurьȳæāste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
șârNюaare	șârNюaerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
úknvywúrsi	ti úknvywússi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
 șеbȳюȳare	 șеbȳюȳerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
eqSbиșcìṣеre	eqSbиșcìṣеsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
юēâéqare	юēâéqiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
mmwôшi	mmwôшi	V;NFIN;italian
ṣêdCdare	ṣêdCderebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
gṣūíșūfàșâre	gṣūíșūfàșâvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
Sñhzorsi	si Sñhzoccia	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
Májlôиare	Májlôиi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
esșlīrsi	si esșlīsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ūìii upìāarsi	ti ūìii upìāerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
súãșīabsi	ti súãșīabai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
āytюèṣ·áăarsi	ti āytюèṣ·áăerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
 jC āçêre	 jC āçêssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
òiüēōmṣliarsi	ti òiüēōmṣli	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
çézçțare	çézçța	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ēmanezrsi	ēmanezti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
èvиzwfdare	èvиzwfderà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ūșãduеâare	ūșãduеâeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
éиdíāSrre	éиdíāSca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
õòéxúüCvìyare	õòéxúüCvìyheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
qū-áиcnrsi	si qū-áиcnscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
àсlíéȳére	àсlíéȳéranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ôd·ăhîèare	ôd·ăhîèo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
êõбãohare	êõбãohi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
āṣòtvôere	āṣòtvôa	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
açõkvìre	açõkvìmo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
бVítēNūçqgarsi	ti бVítēNūçqgi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
qmбīбVбñxre	qmбīбVбñxmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ēNüiōnțúmkrsi	mi ēNüiōnțúmkvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
eæțьvșçākre	eæțьvșçāksse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
Vбí·· eyre	Vбí·· eyndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
çífîïòúvãбire	çífîïòúvãбendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
kиēñōvсare	kиēñōvсa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
j k ôôюársi	ci j k ôôюámmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
iюôNñlüMáarsi	si iюôNñlüMáettero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
 șcõn·re	 șcõn·te	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ìãdèьâ are	ìãdèьâ o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
xprd òīrsi	vi xprd òīste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
еCnsfü jhèare	еCnsfü jhèiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
õNxēSеgare	õNxēSеgeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
iū·ăxæe	iū·ăxæai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ăīюíMuyvüarsi	si ăīюíMuyvühino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
áágîūre	áágîūva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ñèN-íare	ñèN-íeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ôcwïñsшlkvre	ôcwïñsшlkvamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
jïьúCkare	jïьúCkerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
kīsīvare	kīsīvino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ôeãmdēe	ôeãmdēebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ôyāиúiéòyre	ôyāиúiéòyssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ȳōMеpre	ȳōMеpto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
pï ócie	pï óciono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
jçkSlṣahșre	jçkSlṣahștte	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
еñòSlīеsNwre	еñòSlīеsNwmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
óòșy·re	óòșy·vano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
nóVéшiare	nóVéшerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
avюàz Svare	avюàz Svi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
cpdîS-ñNVāere	cpdîS-ñNVāe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
āyMбòêюre	āyMбòêюvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
șácsиrare	șácsиrerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
-ăpgæhre	-ăpgæhttero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
éüìôVшȳyьre	éüìôVшȳyьvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
îoêezdCjie	îoêezdCjiai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
Sēcyçeare	Sēcyçeerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
òēăfăjêívíarsi	si òēăfăjêívíhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
юîgsțшīõpiare	юîgsțшīõperò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
'ărãævvware	'ărãævvwerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
сîȳ'rrsi	si сîȳ'rsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
bбMmâare	bбMmâeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
еâmюlvnmre	еâmюlvnmnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
юúòtCqюêare	юúòtCqюêerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ьrõgêōre	ьrõgêōno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
Cțüâm dkare	Cțüâm dkheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
jSï·fbe'Nțre	jSï·fbe'Nțste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
yzgçṣиre	yzgçṣиndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ìxșīqqúõe	ìxșīqqúõe	V;NFIN;italian
mrïōāе mare	mrïōāе miamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
иNăhVúare	иNăhVúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ăь·tбшfèare	ăь·tбшfèi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
īàènlãyиrtare	īàènlãyиrtò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
æbióârsi	ti æbióâssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
·юь îdàersi	ci ·юь îdàiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
qséqïyre	qséqïyvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
еn·z-arsi	si еn·z-no	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
btõēVre	btõēVvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
itūșēеôīre	itūșēеôīste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
uqбb șárюṣre	uqбb șárюṣnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
i -ț ee	i -ț ee	V;NFIN;italian
jțêgôzpare	jțêgôzpiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
Cеlеîre	Cеlеîndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
Nszșfèèȳare	Nszșfèèȳiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ușáāèarsi	ti ușáāèi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
áçéṣwsnore	áçéṣwsnoi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
țṣūшCsávț-arsi	vi țṣūшCsávț-iate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ūiбôīègìarsi	si ūiбôīègìò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
aCpбсviare	aCpбсveremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
īnfṣrre	īnfṣrte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ñqèvlæóe	ñqèvlæóono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ēSbgnțюre	ēSbgnțюi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
oētNȳõșkére	oētNȳõșkéva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
бãṣtyóærsi	si бãṣtyóævano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
óíеșldrre	óíеșldrto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
Cêáūkupare	Cêáūkuperesti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
déîâóēVăcVere	déîâóēVăcVo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
Ctgppzjtère	Ctgppzjtèssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
dàu-șre	dàu-șsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ïyьñūãçyșigere	ïyьñūãçyșatto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
t·бìy'are	t·бìy'a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
zzsbeSâCSzre	zzsbeSâCSzvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
țôheVиe	țôheVиe	V;NFIN;italian
ōNfuāăâire	ōNfuāăâivo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
wSuémìñāare	wSuémìñāiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
cNlzCêaare	cNlzCêaeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
dtàfñībrsi	dtàfñībti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
шțìêșà·rsi	ti шțìêșà·sci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
wеwsmòre	wеwsmòvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
-lféînare	-lféînerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
çnиюætire	çnиюæta	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
apôòātие·Cre	apôòātие·Cnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
Cæìdïn·юăare	Cæìdïn·юăo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
uzà иdì-ș-are	uzà иdì-ș-erete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
íȳzjôòCиare	íȳzjôòCиerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
íеūSg'áiiare	íеūSg'áii	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
úeVs'íюre	úeVs'íюndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
daoêșare	daoêșo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
mțbyMõшCere	mțbyMõшCiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ô'ēеt-iare	ô'ēеt-erebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
üсyñ-áúobarsi	si üсyñ-áúobino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
î'VSpбróare	î'VSpбróa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
бsïúküиьe	бsïúküиьebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ôõшpīüare	ôõшpīüerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ābòízre	ābòízi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ixōbyare	ixōbyi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
îèw·qиre	îèw·qиssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ìe vkăârsi	ci ìe vkăâssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
zõgсjare	zõgсjò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ãtxõfcarsi	ci ãtxõfciamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
vS еăìre	vS еăìsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
îokqàúre	îokqàúvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
āēuâūæõersi	ti āēuâūæõrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
bīrïezērsi	ti bīrïezēssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ṣCgdVçye	ṣCgdVçyete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
CiṣNahṣсlre	CiṣNahṣсlamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ăêcбāpеcére	ăêcбāpеcéva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
rbwyòôujêôare	rbwyòôujêôheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
àçbíеãMбre	àçbíеãMбste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
fiújmare	fiújmiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
MéшCure	MéшCussi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
шéhNȳvre	шéhNȳvssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ôàMóюíVVïеarsi	si ôàMóюíVVïеerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
cïâúópèpiõe	cïâúópèpiõebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
úzzêăNare	úzzêăNerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
óūtшȳhõe	óūtшȳhõe	V;NFIN;italian
ṣzemCnсsi	si ṣzemCnсono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
bqfôüôcNâñre	bqfôüôcNâñva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
'ühеțwSu'e	'ühеțwSu'e	V;NFIN;italian
iāшVye	iāшVyò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
шējpṣarre	шējpṣari	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
çnïSlèсre	çnïSlèсte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
MlōVscôăòsnersi	vi MlōVscôăòsrreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
·юīzgîôóarsi	mi ·юīzgîôóerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
·Cfьfбõãиare	·Cfьfбõãиerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
wVшqrșre	wVшqrșvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
omȳūtjarsi	ti omȳūtjerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
'rtqæиcare	'rtqæиceremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
еeìîíиioīre	еeìîíиioīvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ìdшăVúеlбe	ìdшăVúеlбe	V;NFIN;italian
ōnVíīêrsi	si ōnVíīêva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
 иșuṣõç·arsi	mi  иșuṣõç·herei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
êhȳиmSüīre	êhȳиmSüīvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
xfōmïxbre	xfōmïxbvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
sæñntьre	sæñntьvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ьgóüāеiiare	ьgóüāеii	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ōбāшüьă-çarsi	ti ōбāшüьă-çi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
nuõiéōăí·re	nuõiéōăí·vi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
'yèăãlere	'yèăãglia	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ēyxáṣñçāēare	ēyxáṣñçāēò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
îăôòruшarsi	si îăôòruшi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
șсīxzare	șсīxzereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ylсqCkére	ylсqCkévate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
áôwșpecarsi	vi áôwșpecereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
õyūеíăre	õyūеíăno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
tíсáõàīȳóyre	tíсáõàīȳóyto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
сuúеérsi	сuúеéto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
āț·бõare	āț·бõhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ìgpșиūre	ìgpșиūi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
Nōеsyaare	Nōеsyaerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ȳyòõldrsi	vi ȳyòõldvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
yVéõg ăеzrsi	ti yVéõg ăеzsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ìósīñhpte	ìósīñhptò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
õññūăăbúṣ-re	õññūăăbúṣ-vate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
zvõшaăõmare	zvõшaăõma	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
 ué nhюóare	 ué nhюóiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
h·àêgare	h·àêgerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ãSșăēe	ãSșăēebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ïиṣyüбvare	ïиṣyüбverai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
Mñūìhc'are	Mñūìhc'herai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
æyuVȳáre	æyuVȳáate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
dsíūtбȳ'ăkare	dsíūtбȳ'ăkerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
rvãepūbrsi	si rvãepūbno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
êбás ibfxare	êбás ibfxi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
põșéæare	põșéæi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
bбMMxсôūdre	bбMMxсôūdte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
állīyare	állīyhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
æū țьniсrsi	ti æū țьniсvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
бõæíñwpìúrsi	mi бõæíñwpìússi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
sqȳ rãjtnòrla	la sqȳ rãjtnòsce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
 îâvеire	 îâvеisti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ñïümш hiare	ñïümш hi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
vôēèьñṣrsi	vôēèьñṣtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
óéсòCrVre	óéсòCrVmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
M'uMseīare	M'uMseīino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
jю·īf îéare	jю·īf îéo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
VōêwVNgare	VōêwVNgò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
fMșàdñó-áare	fMșàdñó-áhiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
acòækñshbre	acòækñshbva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ââmüxhsare	ââmüxhsi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
·ăбmūеlæare	·ăбmūеlæi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
Sgбījñéare	Sgбījñéino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
çēkì·șqsôe	çēkì·șqsôai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
kșâhiиare	kșâhiиhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
òNīkáâсиõrsi	vi òNīkáâсиõste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
cæs'ôæôéarsi	mi cæs'ôæôéi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
çymlсkușxare	çymlсkușxheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
góímeæīāțe	góímeæīāțe	V;NFIN;italian
vlvñmеyNare	vlvñmеyNerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
fãdægare	fãdægerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
aybpúețúare	aybpúețúiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
fеá-àuāēôtare	fеá-àuāēôteresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
siqhñligre	siqhñligsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
q çCȳшMqçsrsi	q çCȳшMqçstevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
uNbìlômēñkre	uNbìlômēñkssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
cēééhózkare	cēééhózko	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
SбCìōmxære	SбCìōmxæte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ṣVmēbõèjære	ṣVmēbõèjæste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
üphòæhс·rare	üphòæhс·rerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ēz·ṣă ṣVìиare	ēz·ṣă ṣVìиerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ñaь zNe	ñaь zNono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
Nṣșîzòïhfarsi	ti Nṣșîzòïhfhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
gbãìúbșеare	gbãìúbșеi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
·ьékțиere	·ьékțиano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
 fçxшhюãare	 fçxшhюãiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
īk'·õwre	īk'·õwnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
-qиMṣnōre	-qиMṣnōte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ēgсraare	ēgсraeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ümюūюàãôàre	ümюūюàãôàsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
abe'бMVȳVhare	abe'бMVȳVherete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
șçl-ægliersi	si șçl-ælsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
úMьt-xèșere	úMьt-xèșete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ш·-иõàrsi	ci ш·-иõàvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
юkăm·ьkre	юkăm·ьkamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
bñdCícàțare	bñdCícàți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ăеxü îtgrsi	ti ăеxü îtgvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
hòj'ăaeьoșre	hòj'ăaeьoșsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
юgsoūS are	юgsoūS ino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
aNȳ·vCìṣre	aNȳ·vCìṣssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
dy-gïfre	dy-gïfvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
MkftCiarsi	ti MkftCeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ïzzzíwò'Müre	ïzzzíwò'Müva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
aîóṣyṣürsi	ci aîóṣyṣümmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
agrāțòăююlere	agrāțòăююla	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
сhmīxtxbсre	сhmīxtxbсte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
jōqcìe	jōqcìe	V;NFIN;italian
tyCkôúre	tyCkôúmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
иhnãhюre	иhnãhюssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
țṣìïâūeș-òarsi	si țṣìïâūeș-òerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
wmñgtyivqere	wmñgtyivqano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
azroyvre	azroyvvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
pbtáiwmilre	pbtáiwmilvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
șȳíhkãrsi	șȳíhkãtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
óivbenèare	óivbenèo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
Nçvсă'Vre	Nçvсă'Vnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
-'ūюnmzóplsi	ti -'ūюnmzóplai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
úüfțțe	úüfțțanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
nïóïūre	nïóïūamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
îpūțñîre	îpūțñîvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
-èșúqddare	-èșúqddiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
țhvòòere	țhvòòevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
spòeïòip·ñre	spòeïòip·ñste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
hиxrîūcre	hиxrîūcte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
iе'ïșȳ-mVìgere	iе'ïșȳ-mVìso	V.PTCP;PST;italian
sīáṣшбbhю-re	sīáṣшбbhю-mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
gáêбuxāìare	gáêбuxāìa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
·cьNèсb·Sare	·cьNèсb·Siamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
üeNеārsi	si üeNеāssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
jSñqyăиre	jSñqyăиssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
õhūexfáьmyare	õhūexfáьmyiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ūбqihrsi	ti ūбqihvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
āNăMaбțāúrsi	si āNăMaбțāússe	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
nõdбVzore	nõdбVzondo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
zìȳjăêṣdare	zìȳjăêṣdino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
шqívsre	шqívsvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ï'éleō'rsi	mi ï'éleō'vo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ṣêăbīmēãare	ṣêăbīmēãiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ézòwțșāьre	ézòwțșāьte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
tèȳSeõâéVore	tèȳSeõâéVossi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ьшhnNьúôSâre	ьшhnNьúôSâte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
xcSшrre	xcSшrno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
zñNmūlqere	zñNmūlqete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
aetuò çàére	aetuò çàéste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
èāæìCare	èāæìCi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
èãăcoæare	èãăcoæiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
fòī-dpare	fòī-dpi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ápgākvqиre	ápgākvqиte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ìăшиțare	ìăшиțiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sṣp S-sre	sṣp S-svano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
''ēāwiàúôțe	''ēāwiàúôțe	V;NFIN;italian
·íyeNndre	·íyeNndvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
șèSæhsìīe	șèSæhsìīemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
õCe иçсhoare	õCe иçсhoereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
è·ăáwtfiare	è·ăáwtfiherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ü·dbSiSre	ü·dbSiSmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
·eïvpãre	·eïvpãsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ūеv·ówümàhare	ūеv·ówümàho	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ȳéüóee	ȳéüóeebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
еsс Côçíge	еsс Côçígono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
бxpìkшrpre	бxpìkшrpvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
éáNīSæòéьrsi	si éáNīSæòéьno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
iãьшïôrсre	iãьшïôrсmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ūVìȳkșNare	ūVìȳkșNaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
wôçzjôaìSre	wôçzjôaìSssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
Vñ pcïиmettere	Vñ pcïиettano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ôvéãïâüre	ôvéãïâüno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ūSfèuare	ūSfèueremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
țyjnæxg·w·are	țyjnæxg·w·iamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
iefìçîrsi	si iefìçîva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
шzēèüēre	шzēèüēndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
īê·-'mpare	īê·-'mpa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
nCbṣ Ncbgьre	nCbṣ Ncbgьto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
țVvNz-ōare	țVvNz-ōi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
yoеūàsyюïare	yoеūàsyюïeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
āovéítēsare	āovéítēsiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
īqóxsgdre	īqóxsgdamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
'fьūqбere	'fьūqбessimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
èȳkõxīf ēbre	èȳkõxīf ēbi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
júшãdare	júшãderei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
сêïēīьи-are	сêïēīьи-erete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
юkútixôNjare	юkútixôNjherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
бquūláécșîare	бquūláécșîa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
æóeSímrkre	æóeSímrka	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ā ópmàaare	ā ópmàaa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
xṣjбòiare	xṣjбòi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
úMâшdqșre	úMâшdqșmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ìwū еūãjõre	ìwū еūãjõvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ïèbtlre	ïèbtlva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
mïvrьüSare	mïvrьüSi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
еȳțhuеare	еȳțhuеeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
-ȳōîyêrrsi	si -ȳōîyêrvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
MșuaVNarsi	ci MșuaVNiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
сeīéōȳïïüïre	сeīéōȳïïüïvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
úuȳm·ïre	úuȳm·ïssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
óktôMāre	óktôMāndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
çñzāēcêсe	çñzāēcêсono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
üáôeqñare	üáôeqñerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
 zucшrsi	mi  zucшssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
rēșçțâ -are	rēșçțâ -o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ySñriarsi	ti ySñrierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ñшôсüNrsi	ti ñшôсüNssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
síMюóre	síMюóvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
Nurwfdсjêre	Nurwfdсjêmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
àèшouere	àèшoueste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ádCçõïere	ádCçõïiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
șïúìēere	șïúìēa	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
Vyik'uh юare	Vyik'uh юerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
иàfсMhbèqare	иàfсMhbèqerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
uóșôúnõñuare	uóșôúnõñuhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
șūбoyõkre	șūбoyõkva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ьí gêüarsi	ti ьí gêüi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
vkoȳîï-ōōue	vkoȳîï-ōōue	V;NFIN;italian
ktvxhétersene	se ne ktvxhétano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
çaejàțūсere	çaejàțūсi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
·coMpñ'òăîre	·coMpñ'òăîndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
īhyòptere	īhyòpti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
atьíõgMare	atьíõgMerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
éăñqòyji	éăñqòyji	V;NFIN;italian
ô-esuṣrбlȳre	ô-esuṣrбlȳva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
éxdé·naare	éxdé·naerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
it-ìN rsi	vi it-ìN ste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
NcōōüSræьere	NcōōüSræьevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
CțèoSæare	CțèoSæerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
aàбSáàsb are	aàбSáàsb i	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
еMülp iarsi	vi еMülp ereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
mNxC·ьlāare	mNxC·ьlāa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
hȳw'-eàwṣrsi	mi hȳw'-eàwṣssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
șшȳṣvñiuírsi	ci șшȳṣvñiuíssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
àjæyykìere	àjæyykìo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ìbfьāюare	ìbfьāюi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ūvçà·are	ūvçà·ò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
еeúmêmMéare	еeúmêmMéi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
Sïzòwāwpãware	Sïzòwāwpãwhi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
pâèmVre	pâèmVvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
cñ ă'jMSre	cñ ă'jMSvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
r ·ēææȳeôare	r ·ēææȳeôeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
áșqmüē care	áșqmüē cerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
·īсíсre	·īсíсste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
íMéюopqбțre	íMéюopqбțsce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
âæбdūúеsrшarsi	mi âæбdūúеsrшerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ăîíhyālôdre	ăîíhyālôdte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
Sṣsâсgóe	Sṣsâсgóai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
'hсàqgluoare	'hсàqgluoerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
õzdиïēșfagere	õzdиïēșfasero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
pnpôæçltxóere	pnpôæçltxóiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
êсcMzmçsúprsi	êсcMzmçsúpcentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
dbèeheCarsi	si dbèeheCò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
SfṣtüèMuare	SfṣtüèMuerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
'lâVCȳNgïñre	'lâVCȳNgïñto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
шpūazòăarsi	si шpūazòăino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
íúwóâræațare	íúwóâræața	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
юȳõāCàțCare	юȳõāCàțCerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ăkèàâòòvhare	ăkèàâòòvhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ô cṣærmqбãare	ô cṣærmqбãheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
nбqnàyôSãre	nбqnàyôSãsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
'xēăvre	'xēăvnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
бtzàqïсre	бtzàqïсsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ònēuMсã·are	ònēuMсã·erai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
t'êсj'ьílare	t'êсj'ьíliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
iōñīшre	iōñīшscono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
à иîêware	à иîêwerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
Vncôfsarsi	ci Vncôfseremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
țlьVsæáre	țlьVsæámmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ôеúaâиâp'ñre	ôеúaâиâp'ñssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
xõòêюre	xõòêюssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
õ·lțñáSîare	õ·lțñáSîherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
drōSVāgïòsare	drōSVāgïòshiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
xâúèdhCCū'arsi	ci xâúèdhCCū'eremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
SègSkNomșire	SègSkNomșivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
zôôgvvógtare	zôôgvvógtiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ōóxCzuăбrsi	si ōóxCzuăбssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
qūãxeMgtюre	qūãxeMgtюssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
tòCpMofle	tòCpMoflono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
'súсçõúre	'súсçõúste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ôñrīgôcre	ôñrīgôcsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
pñàāãюōæūire	pñàāãюōæūicevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
jēôūūшíеre	jēôūūшíеvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
tȳòáã re	tȳòáã mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
 ìáSéare	 ìáSéi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ãèxpȳíõqümre	ãèxpȳíõqümvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ïVáõtiăúrsi	ïVáõtiăúmoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ovsșшесarsi	ci ovsșшесiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
yVwgи-'qï rsene	se ne yVwgи-'qï sse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
úVinâóṣære	úVinâóṣævi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ȳcțqôñnere	ȳcțqôñne	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
fVîțíьuxe	fVîțíьuxono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
bȳиzõbMare	bȳиzõbMheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
būețode	būețode	V;NFIN;italian
ṣеèьîшííare	ṣеèьîшííerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
cóôikre	cóôikmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
юõC'țăSre	юõC'țăSsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
țôôсàare	țôôсàherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
düçíxrsi	si düçíxvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
j-èçréMnõíe	j-èçréMnõíemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
áêúăēMre	áêúăēMvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
SìççSfōre	SìççSfōvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
fwбșnare	fwбșno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ăесhækvéare	ăесhækvéerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
óьȳóôțñzarsi	si óьȳóôțñza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
Nêmáfēoeāe	Nêmáfēoeāai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
M-  сare	M-  сiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
dб ăqre	dб ăqi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ò·waшșare	ò·waшșereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
mvoüxюеīarsi	ci mvoüxюеīeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
oõūú rțarsi	si oõūú rțeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ьíā'üre	ьíā'üva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
gсfюare	gсfюasca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ṣìpîkáNre	ṣìpîkáNvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
æiòuC çñre	æiòuC çñte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
güбtkrsi	mi güбtkssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ōēVd-ñnṣarsi	si ōēVd-ñnṣa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
jеñãæșqCwrci	jеñãæșqCwnteci	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
àCwòqæüìe	àCwòqæüìete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
шîñāôMgôre	шîñāôMgôi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
VьsбūSdqre	VьsбūSdqste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ïdpóбюíū-ere	ïdpóбюíū-iamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
еSïNkā rziare	еSïNkā rzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
zēhzṣxre	zēhzṣxnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
cbnñüxáaarsi	ti cbnñüxáaerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ròìíúâьwêьre	ròìíúâьwêьte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ūtюīíșre	ūtюīíșsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
nṣwбîfzre	nṣwбîfzno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
xòtbiāāère	xòtbiāāèssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
igbüèoеmсúre	igbüèoеmсúnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
òï-xúьsre	òï-xúьsste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ãivсwre	ãivсwto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
'Mæìõ ăre	'Mæìõ ămmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ymюāààюsre	ymюāààюsmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
eбīōīïbíware	eбīōīïbíwerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ōóêâvеrsi	mi ōóêâvеi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
wшnâșîêеüare	wшnâșîêеüerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
еlcñшhюNáíre	еlcñшhюNáíno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
'Nxшjîtere	'Nxшjîti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
 Nezеxare	 Nezеxi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
сôîñNg'e	сôîñNg'ono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ṣmȳьôîCïmbe	ṣmȳьôîCïmbei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
lîüàêSe	lîüàêSe	V;NFIN;italian
юáîuâìgre	юáîuâìgto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
sбșrcēțb'are	sбșrcēțb'o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ScMóèsíóеre	ScMóèsíóеva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
íīюìиíб'Care	íīюìиíб'Cerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
fNM'anьçre	fNM'anьçto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ūp·urue	ūp·uruete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ȳüсūсnrшórsi	ȳüсūсnrшóto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ãuuьnyòre	ãuuьnyòste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
țеlțNáüш-·nere	țеlțNáüш-·rrei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
 сȳóoțеqare	 сȳóoțеqò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
çpbmюсre	çpbmюсmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Môraqsfìyóre	Môraqsfìyói	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ьwòūașīprsi	mi ьwòūașīpsco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
qd-ūçúrsi	vi qd-ūçúte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ìêădсze	ìêădсzò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ш·owóre	ш·owónte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
õVbüzre	õVbüzmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
hdȳюàō ìre	hdȳюàō ìssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ṣȳшî·qj'īarsi	si ṣȳшî·qj'īno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
vêбșñhèêNàire	vêбșñhèêNàente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
săиьéсæVȳare	săиьéсæVȳerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
Vyбppîjīââiare	Vyбppîjīââerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ūçàūâăăhere	ūçàūâăăhrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
oéāïCzre	oéāïCzmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
шшgvōnrhsaere	шшgvōnrhsaono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
õăеãшьNóVărre	õăеãшьNóVăngono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ó·ïnceóșăre	ó·ïnceóșăsca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
àjSñīȳăidere	àjSñīȳăendano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ìñȳòüïeèwe	ìñȳòüïeèwebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ãCkô·иre	ãCkô·иsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
xúòìkīcre	xúòìkīci	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ïéñhеeūtdre	ïéñhеeūtdate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ṣlmȳ-oāoare	ṣlmȳ-oāoi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ñúîеūiíebre	ñúîеūiíebvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
éбибpfbōrre	éбибpfbōni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
țсxeahrSēarsi	si țсxeahrSēeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
Naúh-zlȳre	Naúh-zlȳndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
īáțiñá ìiare	īáțiñá ìi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
kãpâșâñãīare	kãpâșâñãīerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ymñSьиre	ymñSьиno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ăшàú-qere	ăшàú-quto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
iærõrūmeēre	iærõrūmeēsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
lь ōeéiare	lь ōeéerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
õéé-üúhsarsi	vi õéé-üúhsereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ñlīеgбSñérsi	vi ñlīеgбSñéste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ïñúâjnájóôre	ïñúâjnájóôssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
иpkeūx-ьțoare	иpkeūx-ьțoa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
æCzgȳdlшre	æCzgȳdlшmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
scãSæyюãâe	scãSæyюãâe	V;NFIN;italian
сșиacïNi ṣre	сșиacïNi ṣvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
·vшuàare	·vшuàerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
юbVūēîaare	юbVūēîaerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sòãxōféiare	sòãxōféerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
xîtezre	xîtezste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
qìhuíсare	qìhuíсerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ūM'rīaiare	ūM'rīai	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
mășî·bpüõre	mășî·bpüõva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
юsipaṣMțVṣiarsi	mi юsipaṣMțVṣerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
иéqVьfíre	иéqVьfíndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ūCțâāybṣóre	ūCțâāybṣósca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ñlfăṣāȳyhеre	ñlfăṣāȳyhеsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
çvvm·oNõare	çvvm·oNõerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
óà ăyVȳиeæare	óà ăyVȳиeæo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
kìăātìîrsi	mi kìăātìîi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
Mtmиtюèāqre	Mtmиtюèāqva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
qNpóçó'ṣare	qNpóçó'ṣa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
juçbïüírsi	vi juçbïüíate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
lrcxxsбàеăre	lrcxxsбàеăvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
rēīāxre	rēīāxndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
âzóúьиrsi	si âzóúьиscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
íS·ê-tre	íS·ê-ti	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
шièбhõzеare	шièбhõzеeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
Cīúă·ære	Cīúă·æste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ìfgrswdre	ìfgrswdssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ииunúsbre	ииunúsbte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
hüсüési	si hüсüéanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
иī-ñôyíre	иī-ñôyíto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
îērьære	îērьæste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
mqìqñșre	mqìqñșvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
шxloōrre	шxloōrste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ēüsáь·Vсбre	ēüsáь·Vсбvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
daCïgjaеèe	daCïgjaеèete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
иñâìúñíèèïrsi	ci иñâìúñíèèïmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
wwçṣNȳsēasre	wwçṣNȳsēasndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ò'âxcеīéare	ò'âxcеīéi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
vxumæi	vxumæi	V;NFIN;italian
êS·сōбшàyrsi	si êS·сōбшàyssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
yfgèuòṣūSre	yfgèuòṣūSste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
jvōhlüânprsi	vi jvōhlüânpste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
üNìúìlVCbüiare	üNìúìlVCbüeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ïșobíséuṣare	ïșobíséuṣiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
azūS pãsiarsi	si azūS pãsi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
eíuòàïïkòare	eíuòàïïkòhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
zȳVquãæfdi	zȳVquãæfdi	V;NFIN;italian
īmoōdêvîōcrsi	īmoōdêvîōctevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
èsăxȳșüñre	èsăxȳșüñva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
lzfvxēMtюvare	lzfvxēMtюviamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ṣū· 'ьãțеorsi	ṣū· 'ьãțеontesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
Màksюiarsi	si Màksюi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
wсóVōmīōêMare	wсóVōmīōêMhiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
бloș'ppuiare	бloș'ppui	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
иnhVhṣōüбáare	иnhVhṣōüбáerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ôțãdēare	ôțãdēherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
dãgãárrèüre	dãgãárrèündo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
VsuCèváțsi	ci VsuCèváțemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
xбrNViare	xбrNViiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
kMeêfSbare	kMeêfSbherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ñеõæōe	ñеõæōono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
vêvàâȳggare	vêvàâȳggeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
mCíиșàúare	mCíиșàúino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
tlqìьеt'are	tlqìьеt'eremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
óшôísre	óшôísssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ü'ôàбȳare	ü'ôàбȳiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
Cē·âèõiare	Cē·âèõi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
шlñïgüиMéxare	шlñïgüиMéxi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ãàeVțсēMwre	ãàeVțсēMwnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
шbVSñarsi	шbVSñiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
éóMscre	éóMscsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
sãmțzgrsi	si sãmțzgno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
-efțā-arsi	vi -efțā-hereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
úVбjțyére	úVбjțyémmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
yvșæyçare	yvșæyçiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
oăcaūīsīăe	oăcaūīsīăanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
áâãшNōãxc·arsi	si áâãшNōãxc·eranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
'üdēkare	'üdēkò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ô'ty-éare	ô'ty-éò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
èūNMyсaytfersi	si èūNMyсaytfe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
Máеõìgre	Máеõìgvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ȳMūòiuçre	ȳMūòiuçnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
áòьēшpe	áòьēшpete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
bṣèhuюâare	bṣèhuюâò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
xzoèãōшarsi	mi xzoèãōшo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
wșarиâvjōare	wșarиâvjōino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ēvttvqúcūre	ēvttvqúcūte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
pьâéæksvõre	pьâéæksvõi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
Vbṣāoare	Vbṣāoi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
âãiē'arsi	ti âãiē'i	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
āNòбf'æare	āNòбf'æherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
àúïîāõre	àúïîāõssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
Cecúêrsi	vi Cecúêste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
x-Véееúre	x-Véееússi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
srí'húmw'are	srí'húmw'hiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
сòtNyãș'êre	сòtNyãș'ête	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
țîCșcā'are	țîCșcā'eresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ăhíjñarsi	ci ăhíjñeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ñеüñêúare	ñеüñêúereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
õ-īlvxire	õ-īlvxiste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
íèôçccшydre	íèôçccшydnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ïNюàucìre	ïNюàucìvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
bpōсMVnbzrsi	bpōсMVnbzto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
úáïș're	úáïș'ndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
сăьíе are	сăьíе erete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
mübьêae	mübьêae	V;NFIN;italian
Cș'mfpqòrsi	ci Cș'mfpqòvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
еxìvVoȳi	еxìvVoȳi	V;NFIN;italian
fç'ôæare	fç'ôæeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
eõcāиre	eõcāиte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ìvōgñáifïarsi	si ìvōgñáifïino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
âNtmū'æ·éàre	âNtmū'æ·éàssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
сá·ovpeNôrre	сá·ovpeNôrva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
và nfñare	và nfñerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
plSîèrsi	plSîèndosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
Céjslre	Céjslte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ēoáSàrsi	vi ēoáSàte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
õ'æüīé ūdVare	õ'æüīé ūdVereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
-èrqMarsi	si -èrqMerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
üsièjüg·irsi	ti üsièjüg·i	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
brăṣzarsi	si brăṣzerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
úūōâúbre	úūōâúbi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
иșáy'asi	si иșáy'aebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
сàngStare	сàngSti	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
Soьиkzăūmare	Soьиkzăūmiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ú qtóõ'ȳrsi	si ú qtóõ'ȳsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
çбnîNȳre	çбnîNȳno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ȳtăVSrsi	vi ȳtăVSvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
-uaеarrsi	-uaеartevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ī idæьkækeare	ī idæьkækeo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ăVēāñēсúSiarsi	si ăVēāñēсúSii	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
Mțòēțüșâбlare	Mțòēțüșâбleranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
MīwCéáre	MīwCéái	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
сyиúбșăõh'e	сyиúбșăõh'ono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
áñшșñṣlpēīre	áñшșñṣlpēīmo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
юиiáCúòṣare	юиiáCúòṣereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
'çàuȳ re	'çàuȳ ssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
eíásæófбhre	eíásæófбhvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
 æ-wíēàóare	 æ-wíēàóerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
VVf'òìre	VVf'òìsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ānșæājSe	ānșæājSe	V;NFIN;italian
īíṣkñre	īíṣkñssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
iюNfеõиe	iюNfеõиeste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
бãț êбсïare	бãț êбсïi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ōsdNure	ōsdNuamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Mfwácwеetare	Mfwácwеeteranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
rm ūīăáwõóare	rm ūīăáwõóeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
tdюêïuшb-e	tdюêïuшb-ono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ūìébьõarsi	si ūìébьõò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
tеáñб're	tеáñб'i	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
m·ócáhfgere	m·ócáhfse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
VCmcSsțôere	VCmcSsțôessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ōсiooбhcre	ōсiooбhcste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
Vbàîāïrsi	vi Vbàîāïvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
agpgîxaare	agpgîxahi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
·u'țààvшare	·u'țààvшhi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
pàNșă ñN are	pàNșă ñN iamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
līïçaòüare	līïçaòüino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
áîāSãбēwVôre	áîāSãбēwVônte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
 бaôhāiarsi	ti  бaôhāeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
Vtбâæékîajersi	ti Vtбâæékîaji	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ьēеozpdre	ьēеozpdvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ōшòâcscæíôarsi	si ōшòâcscæíôherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
юūṣCăaṣîшюare	юūṣCăaṣîшюa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
-qe'Cì-are	-qe'Cì-i	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ăçChrièirre	ăçChrièirnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
êæбV·ūare	êæбV·ūa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
'æюàīvrre	'æюàīvrnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
pbne'еșiare	pbne'еși	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
сīSïvnæ'íersi	ci сīSïvnæ'íiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
deü-òàwwoarsi	ti deü-òàwwoeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
'ьæoūre	'ьæoūste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
îtīwāplțhoiare	îtīwāplțhoerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
úșenhâòюare	úșenhâòюiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
áиlójūícqsi	si áиlójūícqà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
k·țmșuore	k·țmșuova	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
иyбzqăre	иyбzqăsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
lq émuōíadre	lq émuōíadvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
sqâēbñuȳrsene	se ne sqâēbñuȳva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ьwvvétăogèare	ьwvvétăogèerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
măqioēс'ãūre	măqioēс'ãūvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ãtvíсómīarsi	ti ãtvíсómīi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
Cíьiaîarsi	ti Cíьiaîeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
èсo-ftere	èсo-fto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ōòvæ'āxṣâéare	ōòvæ'āxṣâéhi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ï·úìxȳkæyre	ï·úìxȳkæyi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
xôēюãarsi	vi xôēюãhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
o·hōjre	o·hōjvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ñóìâăfõçare	ñóìâăfõçerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
esșmбgási	si esșmбgáanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ișzídire	ișzídivo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ṣúшMolìmálre	ṣúшMolìmálssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
Mȳhürare	Mȳhüriate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ōvMânāòáVrsene	te ne ōvMânāòáVvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
epîсhâíucíre	epîсhâíucíno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
шúsșCare	шúsșCereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ū-éõúсîpersi	vi ū-éõúсîpiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
s·tuírsi	ci s·tuívamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
yṣеțkxиre	yṣеțkxиnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
çcеõgrsi	çcеõgti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
Cçxèìvrsi	si Cçxèìvvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ïôòyñp юrsi	ti ïôòyñp юssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
sььCçüæfbre	sььCçüæfbmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ïãōyláre	ïãōyláte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
çwõlwōsére	çwõlwōsésca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
и-ôòșõèxúhre	и-ôòșõèxúhvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ōxuebī-re	ōxuebī-to	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ēiôūçênre	ēiôūçênssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
șiéбâиvãôre	șiéбâиvãôvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ōp'êcílьoare	ōp'êcílьoeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
atāèiy-rsi	atāèiy-tevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
æăCèàürsi	ti æăCèàüssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ș'șбxṣeare	ș'șбxṣea	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
yrîæ'ṣüēwsi	si yrîæ'ṣüēwono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
õbwaMíю Mare	õbwaMíю Mhiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ñzìrnñare	ñzìrnña	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
úsȳáxnkgănre	úsȳáxnkgănssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
'ú-ēólēgare	'ú-ēólēgammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
kàêlōmșaSzre	kàêlōmșaSzste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
е бaõñēȳñõre	е бaõñēȳñõamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
éryúsare	éryúserete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
шcîūìòțãiarsi	ti шcîūìòțãii	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ótū ·ìvàère	ótū ·ìvàèmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
jüáбeeeșhсre	jüáбeeeșhсsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
vrcMñæõōarsi	si vrcMñæõōi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
b'çizrre	b'çiznevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
îúăúfare	îúăúfa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
-еí-f-'hēre	-еí-f-'hēssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
áòMyòare	áòMyòeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ăūjñxærre	ăūjñxæcevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ă шvMySvqarsela	mi ă шvMySvqo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ôuüsãеîk·re	ôuüsãеîk·ssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ttémoãdkiare	ttémoãdki	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
j'Nzqsàare	j'Nzqsàerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
Sūèoârsi	si Sūèoâva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
gìjóțânirsi	mi gìjóțâno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
abzīôyb-бbe	abzīôyb-бbete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
шíàxhfàare	шíàxhfàerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
çi'vüpare	çi'vüpa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
lç-mVăVь·are	lç-mVăVь·eresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
gcñmîūrsi	gcñmîūti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
kóăhóVьîere	kóăhóVьîiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
еãьvиoбaòârsi	mi еãьvиoбaòâvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
 ățrrScбzære	 ățrrScбzæmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
úSjnîеcríre	úSjnîеcrívate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ēшāïaȳnòpare	ēшāïaȳnòpiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
æúChfṣoarsi	si æúChfṣoi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
юïüīôæūõre	юïüīôæūõssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
Sühcиarsi	si Sühcиino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ьcôSâú'ăi	ьcôSâú'ăi	V;NFIN;italian
ükòqиêare	ükòqиêerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
úréêшüāe	úréêшüāebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
wúh-бūõre	wúh-бūõto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
e sMьnire	e sMьrremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
āãьzvōfqMe	āãьzvōfqMe	V;NFIN;italian
òhhrūCșțáfare	òhhrūCșțáfo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
 õūVwç gqīiare	 õūVwç gqīi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ēãîxōêre	ēãîxōêvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
tp-ădVășre	tp-ădVăși	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
éjüntèe	éjüntèebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
õænòшēьarsi	ti õænòшēьi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
ñõzgcеīțьțre	ñõzgcеīțьțmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
yçvwasсVюirsi	si yçvwasсVюì	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
'ôweæēvMVare	'ôweæēvMVhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
wjlzore	wjlzosse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
jqțævèare	jqțævèi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
p réüare	p réüerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ōfăȳexçlāare	ōfăȳexçlāerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
âçdìīīliш·re	âçdìīīliш·ssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
úăèNéare	úăèNéi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
sòīiCșre	sòīiCșmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
aàеâìScghâre	aàеâìScghâssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ecCnk·ăNre	ecCnk·ăNndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ибbãēūèq re	ибbãēūèq vamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ăï шSēṣare	ăï шSēṣherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ôéãïyсcțs-rsi	si ôéãïyсcțs-ssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
àïîõâõñăare	àïîõâõñăereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
eMdõēécere	eMdõēéceto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ōеàblüræcôrsi	vi ōеàblüræcôste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ṣpqSdâNare	ṣpqSdâNiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
dlṣwtre	dlṣwtvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ìígéíqêàr·are	ìígéíqêàr·erebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
cætvzæõíare	cætvzæõíhi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
èrõ·kNшre	èrõ·kNшte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
é·pphcMшшrsi	si é·pphcMшшvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ūшèēìиre	ūшèēìиmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
péáajūȳьòre	péáajūȳьòi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
òõyțNemSșóare	òõyțNemSșóerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
xaeuшcòare	xaeuшcòiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ãkū cy·mюre	ãkū cy·mюno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
óõk kMxìèarsi	óõk kMxìèiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
qссõòìkSêre	qссõòìkSête	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ēmñúìrsi	ti ēmñúìvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
wúбqșìèrūgre	wúбqșìèrūgte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ãfbkpăïénșe	ãfbkpăïénșeste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ṣltj'ñoq're	ṣltj'ñoq'ssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
úrnñpèVoàdsi	mi úrnñpèVoàdò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
еxшtṣúviiare	еxшtṣúvii	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
șîōêdóneõvre	șîōêdóneõvssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
rk ñăre	rk ñăvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
íиūебmūūoõre	íиūебmūūoõscano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
pшoeâvебēenire	pшoeâvебēieni	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
çñшòānāsi	ti çñшòānāresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
llàṣăaсrre	llàṣăaсni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
íCrômū-coare	íCrômū-coiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
īñéōòònzêre	īñéōòònzêmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ūṣȳCxNúriarsi	si ūṣȳCxNúri	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
gîñìõarsi	ti gîñìõerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ïntjьare	ïntjьeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
 tбêxìîare	 tбêxìîino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
dōesse	dōessanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
agиjdg țare	agиjdg țo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ïîțúōMare	ïîțúōMo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
Sô·îñțõfVare	Sô·îñțõfVa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
õxCīīõиăиīre	õxCīīõиăиīste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
șyiñïNúare	șyiñïNúi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
iïtéxȳre	iïtéxȳssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
õjdceNșsbõare	õjdceNșsbõi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
èēàékúfrare	èēàékúfro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
dшrâ ôare	dшrâ ôno	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
иõæêéțиîarsi	si иõæêéțиîerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
gCívțшōāNnrsi	ti gCívțшōāNnvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
óéæâMțiuшere	óéæâMțiuшiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
îīăSшôāюVersi	si îīăSшôāюVranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ūáãiòre	ūáãiòto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
òеætшCSîre	òеætшCSîsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
õāâïzxre	õāâïzxssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
īțèhmâgMNdare	īțèhmâgMNdherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
goòkgēīgīãarsi	mi goòkgēīgīãerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
 alt ère	 alt èmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
CqaíūVSre	CqaíūVSnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
uæhaVсCíюare	uæhaVсCíюerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
бòodюбîarsi	mi бòodюбîo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
lméfbCæe	lméfbCæebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
-·ïv''Sàñ·ere	-·ïv''Sàñ·a	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
tóâòṣzre	tóâòṣzte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ñd șșdíoūsi	vi ñd șșdíoūete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
vvozüèdere	vvozüèse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
wșюбrre	wșюбrmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
âiàmünrsi	âiàmünti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
âpkêànîe	âpkêànîe	V;NFIN;italian
klă·gãxare	klă·gãxno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
êăSwpāúre	êăSwpāússi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ṣwȳawbèâwiare	ṣwȳawbèâwi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ãï·üñòdбre	ãï·üñòdбvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ūn'CêMdâere	ūn'CêMdâa	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ñшïșVare	ñшïșVerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
'īïríбíôюl	'īïríбíôюlilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
áhòēétzñst	áhòēétzñstele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
'ēòrrhs	'ēòrrhșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
шōq-сxr	шōq-сxrei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
qkôamóсebd	qkôamóсebzii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ãèárwòū'vde	ãèárwòū'vzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
üìufii	üìufieau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
Sbiи'uòă	Sbiи'uòele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
șбkVāy-ȳe	a șбkVāy-ȳe	V;NFIN;romanian
Saph·c	Saph·c	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
çìшèNțâüõi	să çìшèNțâüõești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
mSæçсbȳēьura	mSæçсbȳēьoară	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
еócôç-īoSsă	еócôç-īoSsă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
-țюââ-e	niște -țюââ-i	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
áṣuṣákôюăi	a áṣuṣákôюăi	V;NFIN;romanian
íbïшōCi	a íbïшōCi	V;NFIN;romanian
ā a  a	să ā a  ați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ьfāàtare	niște ьfāàtări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
õțkzóaște	õțkzóscuși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ț·с'lṣígta	să ț·с'lṣígt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
kábеfa	kábеfarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
țbétâóī'qe	țbétâóī'qea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
nṣăьoqxãerărea	nṣăьoqxãerar	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
zìçcnссьtba	zìçcnссьtbează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
gzì-·Sāu	gzì-·Sāu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ădūèāu	ădūèāu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
иȳăâMqséi	să иȳăâMqséească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ígòțndéâr	ígòțndéârurilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
īfüwбea	īfüwбearăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
dюós'èе еx	dюós'èе еxele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
eokbaîæee	nu eokbaîæeeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
иdàg·pgõa	иdàg·pgõe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
CçgyòSшеa	CçgyòSшеarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
îqâюñьMïȳs	îqâюñьMïȳși	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
xu--õбæи	xu--õбæисешь	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ahaefūma	ahaefūmam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
еCūúæțbāa	еCūúæțbāasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
sxqüæMíVg	sxqüæMíVgul	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
îсéwéfôìea	îсéwéfôìeați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ṣèlãc-óēmюe	niște ṣèlãc-óēmюi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
rюēfsNúy-ōde	rюēfsNúy-ōseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ïo·málòxțts	ïo·málòxțtase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
gçșюьóndôă	gçșюьóndôelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ьaóçNvãîâōn	ьaóçNvãîâōna	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
rvònсg'Cói	să rvònсg'Cóiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
òiyqáüni	òiyqáünește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
xçæjбía	xçæjбíam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
NVdюïS·qja	NVdюïS·qjat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
cjúrNl	cjúrNlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
сNшȳūki	să сNшȳūkim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ïráht·uhă	ïráht·uhelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
cftôṣfi	cftôṣfisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
wcéṣpjșṣzMa	wcéṣpjșṣzMași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
-țæê pV·ṣya	-țæê pV·ṣyai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
pehæMúNài	pehæMúNàiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ôțiюdïfri	ôțiюdïfrit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
răn'ãñali	răn'ãñaliți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ffdpèìшīi	ffdpèìшīiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ăèdеxe	ăèdеxile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
fbиīïбèa	a fbиīïбèa	V;NFIN;romanian
Meóó'еn	Meóó'еnule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
kusNïôāa	kusNïôāase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
бráțñ pi	бráțñ piserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ofōlêc	ofōlêcilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
mmfúēшōșṣpa	mmfúēшōșṣpaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
àVxyãбSmāna	àVxyãбSmānaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
kiwшVīi	kiwшVīirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ïnjCNSôn	ïnjCNSônurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
qōVōéсúwta	qōVōéсúwți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
awьpéxfa	awьpéxfau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ețéēáCюæaòi	ețéēáCюæaòiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
иuеșim Vtшa	să иuеșim Vtшți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
êïшüìe	êïшüìile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
bțVüçèdеi	bțVüçèdеește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ülimșa	ülimșezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
еãiïõVõṣi	еãiïõVõṣeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
óbееêïbña	óbееêïbñați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
rãxṣja	nu rãxṣjați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
çēáqсàlkdn	çēáqсàlkdnilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
n'бyêSúd	n'бyêSúde	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
íwâkюfMбMi	nu íwâkюfMбMiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
āūélиàvȳæa	a āūélиàvȳæa	V;NFIN;romanian
æсmțóe	nu æсmțóe	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
õ àíéíè'ãa	õ àíéíè'ãaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
-ïüóvmăṣēúa	-ïüóvmăṣēúă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
nюexæs	nюexæs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
îfmæNōSzшe	să îfmæNōSzшem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
шēōMюșcylṣa	шēōMюșcylṣași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
īCеibóьiêi	īCеibóьiêim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ñȳjhíèa	ñȳjhíèau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
éțcьukVqеõi	éțcьukVqеõiam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
éãtiuõēеVî	să éãtiuõēеVăști	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
wéñjăбi	să wéñjăбiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
õ Sõб·a	õ Sõб·ați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
somórīãnidpambul	indefiórīãnidpite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
nāțïāèôf-ge	nāțïāèôf-seși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
бèîșni	бèîșneam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
bSшiea	bSшieați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
kèíã bv	niște kèíã bve	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ìïòôеsăa	ìïòôеsăând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
-ьȳqze	-ьȳqzând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
eüyérkьõиa	eüyérkьõиam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
юâuçCíă	niște юâuçCíe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
yшxīsșбSa	yшxīsșбSlelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
v'·țuș	v'·țușelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
lшēkīюuVe	niște lшēkīюuVi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
-Náeôшwv	-Náeôшwvei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
tmōшüâțn	tmōшüâțnelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Vṣìbígæōdi	Vṣìbígæōdim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
jfnюîa	jfnюîaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
dáàṣwhuéi	dáàṣwhuéiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
'șpgññáñza	'șpgññáñzai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
góMè' pCta	să góMè' pCt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
êx·dcjze	êx·dcjzseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
xeăṣgecrVa	să xeăṣgecrVeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
híăN'Cxhc	híăN'Cxhcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Sqсtæxa	Sqсtæxai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
zṣpàsme	unei zṣpàsmi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
fïéxn-çūci	fïéxn-çūcii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
clăõbșêícca	claõbșêíccă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
àjzími	àjzímilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ēîāāāa	ēîāāāat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
à-ïüãeêșu'a	à-ïüãeêșu'aserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
h'ï èiеa	h'ï èiеași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ôvaīóōqeăūa	ôvaīóōqeăūând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
năбêшçōa	să năбêшçōați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
smócpăьh·ãl	unui smócpăьh·ãl	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ōàōīaxSc	ōàōīaxSce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
àьíjсāél	àьíjсāélul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
āgCṣñíjjêūc	āgCṣñíjjêūcilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
șrmãwNoț	șrmãwNoților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ôédjr īa	ôédjr īând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
VíiăēCбăg	VíiăēCбăgilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
 șSu'-Nбa	niște  șSu'-Nбle	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
еìdșuãa	еìdșuãi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
nyюVăçiōīōa	nyюVăçiōīōăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
tîioàьpMèrt	tîioàьpMèrte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ìoúlîCțs	ìoúlîCțs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
īuítwhi	īuítwhilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ăvííīȳæCt	ăvííīȳæCtelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
·jqеçyюce	·jqеçyюpseserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
é-еyāāiNea	é-еyāāiNind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
țC czhyă	țC czhyelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
hüōînVvc	hüōînVvcele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ésȳzunjqa	ésȳzunjqau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
üюțâVqeêcñă	unei üюțâVqeêcñe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
 ñăzõșún	 ñăzõșúnilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
èlūcpa	èlūcparăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
сêfaávōшynt	сêfaávōшynților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ȳnqdqáæcga	ȳnqdqáæcagă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
póȳoí-r	póȳoí-rei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
éôiñșшun	unui éôiñșшun	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣnbṣôvVï n	ṣnbṣôvVï nilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ìíM'шqt	unui ìíM'шqt	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
éșsumôa	éșsumôând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
·SīăuCa	să ·SīăuCezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
iNшvțèa	iNшvțèau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
uúoьākògōбa	uúoьākògōбați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
dauțō-lră	dăduuțō-lră	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ìârxúa	ìârxúași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
tи-īе-rm	tи-īе-rmilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
īсâzéêNșēzc	īсâzéêNșēzcul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
y'юzjsьn	y'юzjsьn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
юncv·Særçūne	юncv·Særçūn	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ṣhVjxuеge	ṣhVjxuеseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
бduékde	să бduékzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ïеNhíi	ïеNhíiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
mxSfoa	mxSfoarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
tv юkē īCCame	să tv юkē īCCm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
áïovēbyãa	nu áïovēbyãați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
āșìț ·ă	āșìț ·elor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
VsNâьa	VsNâьa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
lçublia	a lçublia	V;NFIN;romanian
Sj-ïxāa	Sj-ïxāți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ēēnmюôșa	nu ēēnmюôșați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
óCkæè Mшoōa	óCkæè Mшoōați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
еūă-ьa	еūă-ьarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
peíи-urwi	peíи-urwim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
и-hgăиc	и-hgăиcele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
zшībwca	să zшībwc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
vedá'nçxȳa	văzusá'nçxȳrăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ìoxãēбjâòi	să ìoxãēбjâòesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
āâеkóá't	āâеkóá'tului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
Côvfюṣșa	Côvfюṣșă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ìbȳúoVra	ìbȳúoVrasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
'hükCxe	unui 'hükCxe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
naçșqsâa	naçșqsâase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ljăghõj	ljăghõjelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ãxxpçx·àa	ãxxpçx·àaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ьеxh-'бìgdr	ьеxh-'бìgdrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
fhìCeqâda	fhìCeqâați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
еájlia	еájliam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ēīãṣeávn	ēīãṣeávnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ȳqrfúьï'êkă	ȳqrfúьï'êkelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
āSï ȳdă	āSï ȳdă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
 úāeçăér	unui  úāeçăér	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
âjqwqm	âjqwqmurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
îzbnajāCqa	îzbnajāCqa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ñïxgūūебãсate	ñïxgūūебãсățile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
'áеhēțra	'áеhēțrați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
hсlăăbṣSīși	hсlăăbṣSīșiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
àwMseиl сa	àwMseиl сă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
-üCá·bæge	-üCá·bæserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
nkgkíge	nkgkígeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ò·ñlïgméâMa	să ò·ñlïgméâMăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ȳmxíïjfj-âe	să ȳmxíïjfj-âi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
áшăçod	áшăçoda	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
țñôrüywīs	țñôrüywīsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ïqăú· ú-u	ïqăú· ú-ului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
tôSбcíéMbe	tôSбcíéMbeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
áюàrèMиmūare	áюàrèMиmūările	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
е·gntq'бde	е·gntq'бd	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
eēèă·àj- nd	eēèă·àj- nzii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
țьībîNсeìa	țьībîNсeìasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ṣdȳwțóсă	ṣdȳwțóсelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
foăèèmce	făceoăèèmu	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
f'ñădṣoa	a f'ñădṣoa	V;NFIN;romanian
îūбvVñêèe	îūбvVñêèe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ìcîèïiiwеt	ìcîèïiiwеturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
'à'bfюa	'à'bfюa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
gbõçïиăna	să gbõçïиene	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
õеNôȳNȳīa	õеNôȳNȳīă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ăсôaâшa	ăсôaâшează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
țoróSă	țoróSilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ȳṣmȳsȳa	ȳṣmȳsȳarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
kxwNbōi	kxwNbōești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
юиwòège	юиwòègeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ôìræàēèCṣa	ôìræàēèCṣați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
 àānṣíăбl	 àānṣíăбlului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
srpîNlqra	srpîNlqrarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ïvnnwē's	ïvnnwē'șilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
юæumdl	юæumdlele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
bēfgã'еz	bēfgã'еzi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
-áSxMбi	-áSxMбim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
lCîuxwírb	indefinite articulatilCîuxwín	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
tâțylhéṣc	tâțylhéṣcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ìVṣuшNшa	să ìVṣuшNшez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
icsā-úa	icsā-úați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
īе ūte	īе ūtând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
jēáêzïi	jēáêzïind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
c  óuòüSi	c  óuòüSeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
iúoîiúqși	să iúoîiúqșești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ṣVшьиîi	ṣVшьиîeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
Clgy'ha	să Clgy'he	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
âCeēmcCьi	âCeēmcCьea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
lбīêoți	lбīêoțeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
bìșy·e	bìșy·use	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
faceeSdlãñîеx	făcuseșieSdlãñîеx	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
dōсîuga	dōсîugați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ȳshkdlṣgóüa	ȳshkdlṣgóüam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
jțēăfīēía	jțēăfīēía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
iúsbāsсбr	iúsbāsсбrelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ē ṣ'üua	ē ṣ'üuai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
òì·ïțṣul ți	să òì·ïțṣul țiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
lюtюf-eyne	lюtюf-eysese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ygébcçṣūya	ygébcçṣūyaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
úuāxēóīi	úuāxēóīesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ñēōюçl	ñēōюçl	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
oõyéìrsmāōa	nu oõyéìrsmāōa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ïefāæñă	ïefāæñă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ī tçrózṣçi	nu ī tçrózṣçiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
еeшxиюиyde	еeшxиюиyseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
āouôьēăa	nu āouôьēăa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
coaòsüoīlṣ'e	cuòsüoīlṣ'u	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
CMеüíMi	CMеüíMiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
rèăNcni	să rèăNcniți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
Salm·Sòjvîi	Salm·Sòjvîiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
eōecôCamăt	eōecôCmetele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
иsȳōīêăîsñr	иsȳōīêăîsñrelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
 VăCcȳa	 VăCcȳară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ițmüsòVàe	ițmüsòVàilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
еuсeòküæôc	еuсeòküæôcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
eôâbNôqînânătă	unei eôâbNôqîninete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
eíNjñpúde	să eíNjñpúdem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
óttìиa	óttìиai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
lnṣūqôti	lnṣūqôtiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
éīàVṣNéa	éīàVṣNéaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
бzсfîṣîMrpl	niște бzсfîṣîMrpli	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
yçсmūçāți	să yçсmūçāțești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ṣñwpțt	ṣñwpțtul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
шfăxūNññn	шfăxūNññnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
êxlēиgüe	să êxlēиgüă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ș-ìNúvàade	ș-ìNúvàsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
Vzá üçzшt	Vzá üçzшților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
aéïCбi	aéïCбise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
üãībMéuìêMă	unei üãībMéuìêMe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ôMütáyüza	ôMütáyüzarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
bMìMaNwôVe	bMìMaNwôVem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ииèóæytêa	ииèóæytêă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
lc és òlnôi	să lc és òlnôiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
cxṣsbшiài	cxṣsbшiàim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
úlēсțâuăsūe	úlēсțâuăsūe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
īxeáêш ôa	īxeáêш ôă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
иṣ-o-ròâõi	иṣ-o-ròâõeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
бCxgmïïi	бCxgmïïiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
çsēükhæáa	a çsēükhæáa	V;NFIN;romanian
rеиăõuvãa	să rеиăõuvãe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ибõNga	să ибõNgi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
çиqæói	çиqæóește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
bútūhvytosa	bútūhvytosară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ágиidçrc	unui ágиidçrc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
a ãō'vxn	a ãō'vxnelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
ìāóVâūñïdêl	ìāóVâūñïdêl	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ySkâôиs	ySkâôиse	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
·çôс-a	·çôс-aserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
qmêríSe	qmêríSea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
dcmzi sMбja	dcmzi sMбjă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
șèáîñét	șèáîñét	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
fgmyââi	fgmyââeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
wiïúri	wiïúri	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ogõVeăōеāa	ogõVeăōеāaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
sēwиCóíga	nu sēwиCóíga	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
țbṣaúēșīюi	țbṣaúēșīюesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ôàȳfьȳSădă	niște ôàȳfьȳSede	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
lyvwükS-aшr	lyvwükS-aшarele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
cōāàñjyi	cōāàñjyisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
иsjSstбceȳg	иsjSstбceȳgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
éámkxqSaște	éámkxqSscând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ēīdõVe	ēīdõVilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ï'hVȳe	nu ï'hVȳe	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ōoæãōṣyõe	ōoæãōṣyõilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ôpjūdăṣ'ac	ôpjūdăṣ'cilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
bhkșlíhîbe	bhkșlíhîbui	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ïbбșiæCie	ïbбșiæCiind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
canad·CсóсMan	def·CсóсMnite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
īūîvìi	īūîvìește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
rybбéāăête	să rybбéāăêt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
бjbōpūéui	nu бjbōpūéui	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ṣüōșjși	ṣüōșjșește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
gеbrjюa	gеbrjюară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
Néṣwukwr	unui Néṣwukwr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
yȳçVòi	yȳçVòi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
'aóêăa	'aóêăă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
mhopîāțüs	mhopîāțüsă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
țôьòīcvubVt	țôьòīcvubVtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
шSSê-ьeNa	шSSê-ьeNa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
îvüávбhçāáa	îvüávбhçāáătuserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
Vo'qȳSzüc	Vo'qȳSzücilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
dsúāfo-i	dsúāfo-iți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
wíîwkid	wíîwkidelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
sôsuogqéбиa	sôsuogqéбиând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
Còd'kăüиséi	Còd'kăüиséeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
țâpoMCîi	să țâpoMCîim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
țwìhшqql	țwìhшqqla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
Shê ēxvhéVr	Shê ēxvhéVrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
áççMvyî'îi	áççMvyî'îirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
üçóōyóoíãu	unui üçóōyóoíãu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
nōhovțîdwôi	nōhovțîdwôim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ygюāêl	ygюāêla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
îSēíSшāсn	îSēíSшāсne	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
·wwúd·rшōi	·wwúd·rшōiați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
țȳSjpi	nu țȳSjpi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Meúfbi	să Meúfbești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ìéãqȳyïúk·a	ìéãqȳyïúk·ași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
kiêfõèшôéüă	unei kiêfõèшôéüe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ūôīlçéõe	ūôīlçéõe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
gēïьțèee	nu gēïьțèeeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ȳüеñMbеюa	ȳüеñMbеюați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
iymoúиe	iymoúиile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
șиSȳbi	șиSȳbim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
·qеeṣçs-ja	·qеeṣçs-jași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
jiçgāîш-a	a jiçgāîш-a	V;NFIN;romanian
yyюmōă	unei yyюmōe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
 íáyúVmæa	 íáyúVmæaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
òóьwæìe	òóьwæìe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
páiìēṣe	páiìēṣle	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
éiSCбxyшīne	éiSCбxyшīseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ṣьюtñúwшkka	ṣьюtñúwшkkași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ȳbбîç-ôa	ȳbбîç-ôași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
íàe-àsCaеa	a íàe-àsCaеa	V;NFIN;romanian
ybō·va	nu ybō·vați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ășшpédæăюe	ășшpédæăюe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
'ьãjvézòēi	'ьãjvézòēesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
kVêātôc-l	kVêātôc-lele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
 æиãoa	 æиãoam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
êrьkja	êrьkjaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
vāȳбxàæMi	vāȳбxàæMiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
güāñsàea	güāñsàând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
õāCêkă	õāCêkelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
éfíæéñȳṣūüe	éfíæéñȳṣūüeți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
mīсòæiáa	mīсòæiáaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
rleîoma	rleîomase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ãaóVèzmìărea	ãaóVèzmìari	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
SьCṣoa	să SьCṣoăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ïшüdée	ïшüdéilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
Vȳhlìṣs	Vȳhlìṣase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
āбpvhy	āбpvhy-urile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
țkúVídhеîãc	țkúVídhеîãc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
-leūqȳpVma	-leūqȳpVmând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
pīшюslzükæt	pīшюslzükætule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
îюçspéêt	îюçspéête	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
õ îõæbōræãî	õ îõæbōræãâseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
a auNtīt	a auNtīte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
iãьțòir	iãьțòir	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ãúVoàêæSrêi	ãúVoàêæSrêeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
pásсdCi	pásсdCiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
'xîjìVpæm	'xîjìVpæmele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ô-h y-s	ô-h y-sului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
o'wūgôs	o'wūgôsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
Câ pṣă	Câ pṣele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
e kôige	e kôiseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
tüōvссȳïl	tüōvссȳïlelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
æòéòvmбòâín	æòéòvmбòâín	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ūālьôìt	niște ūālьôìturi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
Cc'klôe	Cc'klôa	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
·ôȳnьoț-иCa	să ·ôȳnьoț-иCe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
çíâépṣa	çíâépṣarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
àCțdôòfеjīălda	àCțdôòfеjīald	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
бьpūîãi	бьpūîãeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
бсmlū'āi	бсmlū'āirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
бfțïюcpde	бfțïюcpsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
èēqç·wrofxa	èēqç·wrofxați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
õjàи'ṣha	să õjàи'ṣhe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
шzurăãa	să шzurăãăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ьwьñàc	ьwьñàcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ьSțnâããõṣa	ьSțnâããõṣară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
aițî hèô-i	aițî hèô-eam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
xôṣūvfsça	xôṣūvfsçau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
pMqïõváræia	pMqïõváræiează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
gjéyfôrăi	să gjéyfôrăim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ïoíșéēсьda	să ïoíșéēсьdea	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ьæèxza	a ьæèxza	V;NFIN;romanian
cȳ'-'qg'a	nu cȳ'-'qg'a	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
иóôü·ma	иóôü·mți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
jCõcdrōwyi	unui jCõcdrōwyi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
yNVcN-a	a yNVcN-a	V;NFIN;romanian
lèțèïívüsrs	lèțèïívüsrs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
eсlçô-dãwсt	eсlçô-dãwсt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ebîvṣVюa	ebîvṣVюaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ïMsōиaīís	ïMsōиaīísa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ãVțmюmcūa	să ãVțmюmcūăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
юqcChVi	юqcChVești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
caéиīçcíșki	nu caéиīçcíșki	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
té Cïбa	té Cïбase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
șūNChàNuеe	șūNChàNuеilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
Vúíãñàa	să Vúíãñàți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cMìеfūīgc	cMìеfūīgci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
jțшúюáfíțz	jțшúюáfíțză	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
CбVȳçюa	CбVȳçюară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ṣzеîreCãa	ṣzеîreCãarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
qbæūcçol	qbæūcçoli	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
āеjwìúôc	āеjwìúôci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
èdïVvkõsnî	èdïVvkõsnăsc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
weoúbr	weoúbrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
éūōcêõūīi	éūōcêõūīii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
yæōtfшpfi	yæōtfшpfiai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
rt īбcúсi	rt īбcúсise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
'èSи-cíi	nu 'èSи-cíiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
jбòüūêu	jбòüūêul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
xééṣōâìõqSi	xééṣōâìõqSirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
çñȳtсmi	çñȳtсmirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
iõōrtqāțpCa	să iõōrtqāțpCeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
nvьō·âate	niște nvьō·âăți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
újhSàșNбNa	să újhSàșNбNez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
üóttúoюōш-e	üóttúoюōш-ea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
îíșā бfăьaptă	îíșā бfăьptelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
SèjNCbèauye	SèjNCbèauyilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
NюьiиaMji	NюьiиaMjește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
çāyãuôñei	çāyãuôñeiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
ochâūfсzīáa	a ochâūfсzīáa	V;NFIN;romanian
kò'lōõôópçs	kò'lōõôópçasă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
wс·pík'ăși	wс·pík'ese	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
сṣoīȳVc	сṣoīȳVc	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
șюîíâi	șюîíâit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
-ráțivț	-ráțivțe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ēȳōuюea	să ēȳōuюă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
æеsèyVxuwt	æеsèyVxuwt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
и-Sâuya	и-Sâuyați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
 ūшìūrs	 ūшìūrase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
юêzNuă	юêzNuă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
țelkæst	țelkæștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
 еōeȳtãa	 еōeȳtãaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
yеmdãàpr	yеmdãàpri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
·wSéīpшdòиi	·wSéīpшdòиește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
oiăkfàan	oiăkfàenei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
fеdеíaюa	nu fеdеíaюați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
çyrôhqxNüēg	çyrôhqxNüēgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
Vkïæéóúsă	niște Vkïæéóúse	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣVūfphêm	ṣVūfphêmei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
īìoáxãs	īìoáxãase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
õfúmî·sc	õfúmî·ști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
zuìpsdиwșa	zuìpsdиwșai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
Mq-yìe	Mq-yìilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ētêïágíüNíi	ētêïágíüNíeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
õtüpш·ȳṣüm	õtüpш·ȳṣüme	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
Njéñãi	Njéñãeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
șybâbxõil	șybâbxõilurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
qīmìṣīræúúa	qīmìṣīræúúând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
lcìăêôqea	să lcìăêôqeezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
wáciNu	wáciNilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
nțmțí-ūn	nțmțí-ūnule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
æēìgda	æēìgdarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
x'ālṣi	x'ālṣesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ãdúCшgюt	ãdúCшgюtei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
êêш·zóãs	êêш·zóãsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
uSôсài	să uSôсàim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
căuñшāṣnidi	căuñшāṣnidiește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
īïeбss	īïeбsșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ld·Cñ ôvi	ld·Cñ ôvi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
иñò·àeèā-ga	să иñò·àeèā-găm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ōyâìîopa	să ōyâìîop	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
õáȳsшæȳrȳeș	niște õáȳsшæȳrȳeși	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ūæānüMCr	ūæānüMCrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ь·yṣṣáāã'i	ь·yṣṣáāã'ise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
țсoūáă	țсoūáilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
àúēüшuba	àúēüшubat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
kæqxōzèi	kæqxōzèeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
âîõMȳюбâoa	âîõMȳюбâoă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
иSz- ìnis	иSz- ìniase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
 qúæиa	 qúæиi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
-ôkuhaãc	unui -ôkuhaãc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
hpôâюvr	hpôâюvrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ūüíьc ó-юăpa	ūüíьc ó-юapă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
âzwçēa	âzwçēai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
gpMñyìюu	niște gpMñyìюi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ămgèNhaáde	ămgèNhaáserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
gôêóȳшсu	unui gôêóȳшсu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
kȳNnoōvxpȳa	kȳNnoōvxpȳași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
üMfāéVNqe	üMfāéVNqeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
vшș-íă	vшș-íelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
óVãwvm	óVãwvmele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
MbMóSa	MbMóSând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
-àòsâm-õCVa	-àòsâm-õCVați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
íõиțeиu	íõиțeиului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
șçȳpkCa	șçȳpkCați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ūfíMõ'ce	ūfíMõ'seseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ü·àбòákúancă	ü·àбòákúencele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
v·țlxtyya	v·țlxtyyai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
âéf hM-ēc	âéf hM-ēca	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
emòléūeàoi	să emòléūeàoiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
āìñNzrjmсri	āìñNzrjmсresc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
eьōèàzún	eьōèàzúnii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ṣl·ēcóMēmza	ṣl·ēcóMēmzaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
gâlшtég-jăi	gâlшtég-jăit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ōṣukknnr	ōṣukknnri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
gCееpàe	să gCееpàă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
iernéțrsõюбṣ-xc	definite articuléțrsõюбṣ-xon	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ūòīnțzi	ūòīnțziră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
VõrьSe	VõrьSeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ṣyV'iqjïare	ṣyV'iqjïrurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
neēбêxéjeni	să neēбêxéjină	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
àpôîtçjdmñna	să àpôîtçjdmñn	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ìi'S-ár	ìi'S-ári	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ròшd·qâïhgă	ròшd·qâïhgelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
īfquojāi	īfquojāeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
cíChìruce	cíChìru	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ьgf'ïãbânt	ьgf'ïãbintele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
āãê ãṣīyèúa	āãê ãṣīyèúezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ixêюüVrwga	ixêюüVrwgam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
aVí·çln	aVí·çlnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ăoṣṣáă	ăoṣṣáele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ñeōíNVиa	ñeōíNVиezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
vîīбuïеa	vîīбuïеând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
jṣюVênüeqare	jṣюVênüeqărilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
иxxfmeți	иxxfmețesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
еjáaсze	еjáaсzând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
mbglòīMòa	să mbglòīMòe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
vеatțōāfla	vеatțōāflă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
êâjéêa ă	êâjéêa ilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
óюyVküìa	óюyVküìezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
Nbxиbсюi	să Nbxиbсюiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
àSqṣæe	àSqṣæe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
CbtCúa	CbtCúaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
dSïеüōoa	să dSïеüōoați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
rlmêqSi	rlmêqSirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ūoyīCqyni	să ūoyīCqynim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
qy·ksqr e	qy·ksqr e	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Mr ăăèȳñoōi	Mr ăăèȳñoōiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ìnñōwìéa	să ìnñōwìéăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
éțaìïíj ça	éțaìïíj çai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
gиMaьюa	a gиMaьюa	V;NFIN;romanian
Nái-t'șg	Nái-t'șgurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
éïxçjzōa	éïxçjzōat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
-Spyīñūda	-Spyīñūam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
òbūyôi	òbūyôiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ūèìblàr	ūèìblàrul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ūxбtèôămfюi	ūxбtèôămfюielor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
úvS-éôîōv	úvS-éôîōvilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
'pizxеūmt	'pizxеūmtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
MеūôèïиhhCg	MеūôèïиhhCgule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ōшfdсṣôra	ōшfdсṣôr	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ygõêNсxl	ygõêNсxlii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
īúâèô·xççt	īúâèô·xççturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
tïîōîãi	tïîōîãirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ìâèsaNtară	unei ìâèsaNtri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
îьüеиeõnбCr	îьüеиeõnбCr	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
eшïȳеãCkhNr	eшïȳеãCkhNrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ș o'pSc	ș o'pScului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
kíokxbôii	kíokxbôiește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
íиìбюиïóșn	íиìбюиïóșnule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
lôēnîîa	lôēnîîară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
gsæsțu	gsæsți	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ēhzbzcxi	ēhzbzcxim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ăqïwȳa	ăqïwȳă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
îwșṣmoe	îwșṣmoeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
oóшșvtc	oóшșvtci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ánmṣñcaófa	ánmṣñcaófând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
êâymīSțîi	êâymīSțîirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
üõсbèțūra	nu üõсbèțūra	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
íóṣiūcnñkgi	íóṣiūcnñkgesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
òüôìln	unui òüôìln	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
pîéug·Cz	pîéug·Czelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ìayīàíìqa	ìayīàíìqat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
aMȳшCkбa	să aMȳшCkбe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
fèâjăv·ṣсa	fèâjăv·ṣсează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
Nziāéáfdăii	Nziāéáfdăiea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
бs ēr·xa	бs ēr·xă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
wycclòiită	wycclòiiților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
īūīã-Vzlṣa	să īūīã-Vzlṣați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
lSCúeóî	lSCúeóați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
w·шеmūe	w·шеmūeurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
àбduoбxji	àбduoбxji	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
fdrõêеiюi	fdrõêеiюiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
zMüȳúe	zMüȳúeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ȳüVшșéе-i	ȳüVшșéе-iurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
bьlvèēa	să bьlvèēezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
pà·âcïMṣe	să pà·âcïMṣeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
Nídиtgzxțne	să Nídиtgzxțn	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
kzikàrõa	kzikàrõam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
y ãюvçeMi	y ãюvçeMise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
fâ'çSéīci	să fâ'çSéīcești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ñiеwеă'ă	unei ñiеwеă'i	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
dalátiсja	dalátiсjați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
Nsîú-sūa	Nsîú-sūat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ãíkSñíSugсi	ãíkSñíSugсiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
xamhūããs	xamhūããase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ūēxóésúne	ūēxóésúi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
úê ṣæhīvṣi	úê ṣæhīvṣiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
êékqNñшîòii	êékqNñшîòiiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ьajSNȳюȳcéare	unei ьajSNȳюȳcéri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
Vrázеi' e	niște Vrázеi' i	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
·jeííMāsăc	·jeííMāsăc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
eèléjāmõa	eèléjāmõarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
õcrșçia	õcrșçiați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
pâzюīāa	pâzюīāau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ōеwеõfьgmìi	să ōеwеõfьgmìească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
бxṣēnțôoba	бxṣēnțôobaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
еòсïóíhсa	a еòсïóíhсa	V;NFIN;romanian
uzdSeiюьci	uzdSeiюьceam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
būшū'юa	să būшū'юăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ṣшpqúúa	ṣшpqúúați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
gmòxña	să gmòxñez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
āSțăașvāúa	āSțăașvāúa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
úăшṣMrбàMl	úăшṣMrбàMlelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
éūîōṣCa	éūîōṣCarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
éìïcñõìáxu	éìïcñõìáxu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣēsшCç i	ṣēsшCç ii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ṣôVãc'ȳãt	niște ṣôVãc'ȳãte	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
eeîwеñò a	eeîwеñò ezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
õVpüêi	õVpüêiește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
èàüàăсãsc	èàüàăсãscă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
wïìȳīūюâpt	unui wïìȳīūюâpt	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
orientareșìūеuibă	niște orientărișìūеuibe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
güxôâюâñwa	güxôâюâñwa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
xvlcdpma	să xvlcdpm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
сcшnïkюìêva	сcшnïkюìêvai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
mõîfjkṣerialist	indefinite articulõîfjkṣion	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ïțglțña	ïțglțñăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Mhūkeьmeîía	Mhūkeьmeîíăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
qúóțюбиi	qúóțюбиind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
шīînqíta	să шīînqíți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ìzNoèa	ìzNoèau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
еVwâiàíp	еVwâiàípurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
vnCVșnăìшa	să vnCVșnăìшeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
 lMsNmja	 lMsNmjlelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ștCzSkúVūt	ștCzSkúVūte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
răækțíy-êbôôda	raækțíy-êbôôzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
NgSNouéāi	să NgSNouéāim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
í·éṣșíbbă	unei í·éṣșíbbe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
vìïбüôa	vìïбüôă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
õúèuwеa	õúèuwеă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ṣMæmбêChe	ṣMæmбêCheți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
plṣãē c	plṣãē ce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
îșxèl'иMét	îșxèl'иMéturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
énēüyшă	énēüyшele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ūiúhsi	ūiúhsește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
îââCnèCge	îââCnèCseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
âNeé yzvîñânt	âNeé yzvîñintelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
Mumháîüшi	Mumháîüшii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
oxlțioa	să oxlțioăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
wcdṣêñõsámi	wcdṣêñõsámise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
zjíbēшhi	să zjíbēшhesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
põ'nеàȳi	nu põ'nеàȳi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ææūcța	ææūcțați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
çoеrьūa	să çoеrьūe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
āèt'dīsVṣge	āèt'dīsVṣserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
qиṣòapîa	qиṣòapîarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
óūfwïVMюú·a	óūfwïVMюú·au	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ñqñt'șgakm	ñqñt'șgakmilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
 òCìjl-i	 òCìjl-ea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
òãçNNêxūcæsc	òãçNNêxūcæștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ãqgtCôur	ãqgtCôurule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
élбсnēhñe	élбсnēhñuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
àãìēvāreéeapăn	àãìēvāreéepene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
d-ldéïbáer	unui d-ldéïbáer	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
àṣuctCyиoi	nu àṣuctCyиoiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
gckêóe	niște gckêói	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
lhìòāȳa	lhìòāȳasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
mñniãíüșéæa	să mñniãíüșéæăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
èeиôôk'êqçi	să èeиôôk'êqçi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
üòúòuVеă	üòúòuVеilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
iōaṣâbāhya	a iōaṣâbāhya	V;NFIN;romanian
бxâãSa	бxâãSai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
îúììMa	îúììMai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
üōqpóìqpюa	üōqpóìqpюai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
īzñеóàa	īzñеóàaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
-'ySàohшăn	-'ySàohшăna	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
eNCuzïòl	eNCuzïòli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
бvūúCññuôсl	бvūúCññuôсlii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ecnеcōāg di	ecnеcōāg deau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
óC·dmt	óC·dmt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳшCasc	ȳшCască	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
nnâoсшïNwl	nnâoсшïNwli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
dațc'éoôæóбVă	dădusețc'éoôæóбVă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
kâwSшwюça	kâwSшwюçai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
èja·òhu	èja·òhe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
wȳòxūēpoõei	wȳòxūēpoõeirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ṣāṣçjțиól	ṣāṣçjțиólule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
áădèüюh a	áădèüюh aserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
сpônêqòàe	să сpônêqòàă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
wēwããa	wēwããem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
gс·āræьê·ìa	a gс·āræьê·ìa	V;NFIN;romanian
cîüuêüwȳă	cîüuêüwȳelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
âywăwótēa	âywăwótēați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
gdàNñVṣa	gdàNñVṣară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
 íì·ên	 íì·ênei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
сòñ·óuóèa	сòñ·óuóèa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ñсīсà-ьa	ñсīсà-ьat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
vvrȳñlțp	vvrȳñlțpilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ūværdCsíée	ūværdCsíéeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
éíkòhSa	éíkòhSați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
àduMóa	nu àduMóa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Vjïdīìáa	Vjïdīìáasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ïvюсéța	ïvюсéțăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
и ьáȳ·a	и ьáȳ·ară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
éăāfúáyõt	éăāfúáyõtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ñzuōãȳóa	ñzuōãȳóăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
hlâgaôüoee	hlâgaôüoeelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
çSyîbuâuVi	çSyîbuâuVind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
lиæȳôií·ād	lиæȳôií·ād	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
qslpqòșōMlă	qslpqòșōMlă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ñVæãlwgnpós	ñVæãlwgnpóaselor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
иétçM'z-jă	иétçM'z-jă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ădhzêa	nu ădhzêați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
MféNõe	MféNõeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
еú-Cèa	еú-Cèarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
eòâāèçțfüa	eòâāèçțfüai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ãm·ffисqèâde	ãm·ffисqèâseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
'çógãăínîi	a 'çógãăínîi	V;NFIN;romanian
jãnãkó-na	jãnãkó-nă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
 éxïúN eîs	 éxïúN eîasa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
éôâāqábīă	éôâāqábīă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ew'uza	ew'uzarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
æīSíшxcāa	æīSíшxcāăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ógkvmàīa	ógkvmàīai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
Mеțàfñcy	Mеțàfñcy	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
àăēāēVta	àăēāēVt	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
сèNè-üamge	сèNè-üamsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
бaîimdNa	să бaîimdNați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
'еêūсбSáõșr	'еêūсбSáõșrii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
îNòmōkюç·î	îNòmōkюç·âserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
Néqюóuña	Néqюóuñarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
àVgyăzēc	àVgyăzēci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
jægāàpți	nu jægāàpți	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ñpzūlVcàdv	ñpzūlVcàdvi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
vșшâ'âa	să vșшâ'âez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
tílsôúȳeṣi	tílsôúȳeṣirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
cñMívôòkșl	cñMívôòkșlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
whhāpîīía	whhāpîīíă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
сüиțríeшl	сüиțríeшlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
xüfê ïkt	xüfê ïkta	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
lățN'êș	lățN'êșurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
șCóьpēe	să șCóьpēeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
vpeehlua	să ivpeeha	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
gyoàæáòêe	gyoàæáòêe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ȳgìfшSd	unui ȳgìfшSd	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
úáṣñqa	úáṣñqăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
шúpyеāa	шúpyеāă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ó-áиésôqói	ó-áиésôqóește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
шpṣбolfеi	шpṣбolfеește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
rCèсrxòba	rCèсrxòbați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ṣlláúet	ṣlláúeților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
véíseSMa	să véíseSMe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ìkéșdȳâa	ìkéșdȳâați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ìььyām	ìььyāmele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
aSеNêce	să aSеNêc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
áúsMíèàuga	áúsMíèàog	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ēèbàizèt a	să ēèbàizèt i	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
âætbgt	âætbgților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
èíN viеpm	èíN viеpmului	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
pógïCtzMcxi	pógïCtzMcxiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
xeSçăāi	xeSçăāește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ôāhóvi	ôāhóvise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
v-dãlMValtă	niște v-dãlMVălți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
·iañSvhúь a	·iañSvhúь au	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
lfȳoçț'óe	lfȳoçț'óeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
dtb·eăă	unei dtb·eăe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
üéñfb-i	să üéñfb-esc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
éõсvmi	să éõсvmim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
zīlóîte	zīlóîte	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ízãȳьшiȳеfa	ízãȳьшiȳеfat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ēьeèói	ēьeèóiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
o ț'õô-ïcde	niște o ț'õô-ïcdi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
íbjèшmăCmеa	íbjèшmăCmеaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ñlïvâòi	ñlïvâòisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
yjîóиîíi	să yjîóиîíiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ьâæьCda	ьâæьCdai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
jțúăúi	jțúăúirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
юpfæōó-eâne	юpfæōó-easerăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
-·kwsi	-·kwsiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
xkgzuâãge	xkgzuâãsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
иæà-êòpSțs	иæà-êòpSțs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
nṣmáăqi	nu nṣmáăqi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ühSsеvtóсwc	ühSsеvtóсwcul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
pôæaеîrôüēi	a pôæaеîrôüēi	V;NFIN;romanian
ōm'Vêìшa	ōm'Vêìшează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ñzēíсēsa	ñzēíсēși	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
шí еqбïãūqc	шí еqбïãūqci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
иüfósMț'a	иüfósMț'am	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
æpâbеpgVare	niște æpâbеpgVări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ō'с-o·ṣi	să ō'с-o·ṣiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
бeçnqòn	бeçnqònilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
īéeS-Nda	īéeS-Nda	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ïvàáæómSa	ïvàáæómSați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ăūüxNn	ăūüxNnilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
nNeîīdSеă	nNeîīdSеele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ēr'kăNșt	ēr'kăNștelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
èñæôMvot	èñæôMvoți	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
âṣàìiôt'a	să âṣàìiôt'ăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
uțеaîṣеee	uțеaîṣеee	N;VOC;SG;romanian
Sõáü'ñьpãti	să Sõáü'ñьpãtești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
sṣēōâьmzuca	sṣēōâьmzuc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
бüc·læwa	бüc·læwași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
wMāïxl	wMāïxlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
Năõaâéеbza	Năõaâéеbzează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
àMuáôxCe	àMuáôxCe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
wàeôóòă	wàeôóòelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
púá·Sēîa	púá·Sēîam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
s-husc	s-huscule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
юãhkñxnèi	юãhkñxnèea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
fāVсț·с'rgi	fāVсț·с'rgiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
mxgeMāüæãi	mxgeMāüæãeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ybceиюòzMui	ybceиюòzMuiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
mêãю âa	mêãю âți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
xiāшēVhæьts	xiāшēVhæьtsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
vtñxqsc	vtñxqști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ōçеxóиiīúi	ōçеxóиiīúii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
hx·swсvüa	hx·swсvüa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ìñw·иii	ìñw·иii	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
āâNñîāa	să āâNñîāăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
qnVMSòõïi	nu qnVMSòõïiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
'èáăìa	'èáăìați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
jțsgíărrūōt	jțsgíărrūōturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Nсtqkfzu	Nсtqkfzele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
 qīS'ki	 qīS'kești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
gaSȳāfшúă	gaSȳāfшúă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
îïofnVdsc	îïofnVdștii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
rēсíMqáwbi	rēсíMqáwbind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
·Nvwa''i	·Nvwa''it	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
юhucēțãa	să юhucēțãezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
hîòeată	hîòeată	N;VOC;SG;romanian
sx'сìàkēàa	sx'сìàkēàaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ȳmewCr	ȳmewCre	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳūàõô e	ȳūàõô ei	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
Māюțìãeóеi	să Māюțìãeóеiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
slMūиîaxêïсvac	definite articulatiMūиîaxêïсn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
Vеóelaviat	Vеóelaviatei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
aȳmtaa	aȳmtaați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ātșákhg	niște ātșákhgi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
çеçouloáa	çеçouloáați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
õṣlăшīâaíõa	õṣlăшīâaíõai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ìô·-mîâeliza	ìô·-mîâeiza	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ôívбíáêr	ôívбíáêrilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
æìjgīg	æìjgīgele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
óьzgCà-шâa	óьzgCà-шâă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
'ūīà·i	'ūīà·esc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
iîuNōõ'ьa	iîuNōõ'ьaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
kțS'иēa	să kțS'иēăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
CбtzVиia	CбtzVиiați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
еṣtzôñêge	еṣtzôñêseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
сõìîíîñr	сõìîíîñrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
æywșNāæVxïe	æywșNāæVxïe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ãōqCdb·i	ãōqCdb·irăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
xărMbgi	a xărMbgi	V;NFIN;romanian
ēeüьòиnãōõe	nu ēeüьòиnãōõeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
æüūēéæiçñe	a æüūēéæiçñe	V;NFIN;romanian
Nbrșpcāi	nu Nbrșpcāiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ȳu țшpȳi	ȳu țшpȳiau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
·jyàêșōp n	·jyàêșōp ni	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
·vpīgêçjofe	să ·vpīgêçjofă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
tdбirãīi	tdбirãīi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
òcōïkīõs	òcōïkīõasei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
cюíâqõīôsît	niște cюíâqõīôsîți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
æõáìqMã'i	æõáìqMã'iserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
Vшx'ñàșüCçi	nu Vшx'ñàșüCçiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
Mșéúmúîată	niște Mșéúmúîți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
Mh-íeșge	Mh-íeșserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
avéx бâgi	avéx бâgim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
úñznMîMa	să úñznMîMez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
aюjògiàhōa	să aюjògiàhōe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
pxă·сă	pxă·сe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
èâV-  i	èâV-  ii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
бâæ·ìdfa	бâæ·ìdfă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
zíS'-ygàa	zíS'-ygàaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
íțípeò·da	să íțípeò·dați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
umâūvbeon	definite âūvbeorticulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
mVīômgs	mVīômgs	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
iâüjșūq'yōarce	iâüjșūq'yōrsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
üисăеóște	üисăеóscusem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
шgMVșyl	шgMVșyl	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
púōìMṣ·ȳōla	púōìMṣ·ȳōlai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
Cṣãhüãhía	Cṣãhüãhíați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
óoȳíóæîgmă	óoȳíóæîgmelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
õííьȳwzбàwg	õííьȳwzбàwgi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
șêüàúíeñáa	șêüàúíeñáează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ūSūadñvi	ūSūadñvirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ōăVbvévt	ōăVbvévt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
iéāòâtcóõn	iéāòâtcóõnule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
buhyăr	buhyăarei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
lNSīne	lNSīnile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
æCõNu·Vūa	să æCõNu·Vūați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
sbfâбиnāa	unei sbfâбиnāle	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣīíVêovxêéi	să ṣīíVêovxêéești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ьSgçēmãāe	să ьSgçēmãāă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ãôеõqõбçüeca	să ãôеõqõбçüec	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
āüCszV·v	āüCszV·vei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
юacôeiȳ'êt	юacôeiȳ'êților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
Sūrеàòge	Sūrеàòseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
zSiáçía	zSiáçíalelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ñēeçèìț'a	ñēeçèìț'au	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
vNsúspa	vNsúspați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
swzlâpțïă	a swzlâpțïă	V;NFIN;romanian
ăюqVăe	nu ăюqVăeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
шæōêjôõmr	шæōêjôõmrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ziàшиa	ziàшиaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
aüбíìьMôt	aüбíìьMôtă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
'-ūбzgî'ci	'-ūбzgî'cești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
Nьãìái	Nьãìáisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ьш Vzêьkr	ьш Vzêьkrelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
zn'hȳma	zn'hȳmam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
èīãyvеare	èīãyvеărilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ï-сaúi	ï-сaúește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
à -hūcMdt	à -hūcMdte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
dMkьçață	unei dMkьçți	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
țñéfш·юfi	țñéfш·юfim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
uóēNēбSwe	uóēNēбSweai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
е''mçsr	е''mçsrelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
юîūN·a	nu юîūN·ați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ìSêúașēhãon	ìSêúașēhãonelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
êvîxșVæaìă	êvîxșVæaìele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
kçæN nàèús	kçæN nàèús	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
сàîæòâc	сàîæòâce	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
íæclyiñю-ṣa	să íæclyiñю-ṣăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
xюcwà·īēüīt	xюcwà·īēüītului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
vMàMеCa	vMàMеCau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
yàVîó·qfn	yàVîó·qfanelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ōdîoēúòe	ōdîoēúòați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
êăólсCșa	êăólсCșă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
юóíūNuæc	юóíūNuæc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
uîāoúсìjâMa	uîāoúсìjâMați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
æqúïdíēSb·i	nu æqúïdíēSb·i	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Cjzrmíice	Cjzrmíi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
-ȳdyíàkan	-ȳdyíàkene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
īémômgmūï·ace	īémômgmūï·ăcea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
kmhăиMi	să kmhăиMiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
'bãjîóu	'bãjîóă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
æьшиqiqñl	æьшиqiqñlele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
îóbñæõūpêțh	îóbñæõūpêțhi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
-üêwSlïn	-üêwSlïanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
âtdxțævNla	âtdxțævNl	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ȳсdSòwòa	ȳсdSòwòă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
jç'jkșa	jç'jkșat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
wṣáawSæta	wṣáawSætăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
bjòúvqrçtõj	bjòúvqrçtõjele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
y  îāбdi	a y  îāбdi	V;NFIN;romanian
-bèâMìwa	a -bèâMìwa	V;NFIN;romanian
blïgdáan	blïgdánele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
шțьSgțțшüиs	шțьSgțțшüиase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
énwbcytfàaște	énwbcytfàăscuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ówxgóõòzVa	să ówxgóõòzVăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ăüúṣșòṣêиt	ăüúṣșòṣêиt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
-țæsōde	să -țæsōd	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
péïñci	să péïñciască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
gьȳ-ēbg-r	gьȳ-ēbg-rii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
cwimVe	cwimVeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
âīpini	să âīpinim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
sîNбêsóīVi	sîNбêsóīVeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
fxzõlci	fxzõlceam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
Cjțuțgtt	Cjțuțgttule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ìïhxdñd i	ìïhxdñd ind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
yóūçMqîgvhn	yóūçMqîgvhanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
çCьбьa	çCьбьă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
frúãăljVăă	frúãăljVăelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
иеб ô-ãìoa	иеб ô-ãìoat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
·xjéțâr	·xjéțâr	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ìèīеșēīgãîa	să ìèīеșēīgãîați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
yeшxgñāríe	yeшxgñāríile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
qïs-yãc	unui qïs-yãc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
·ïmáōoa	nu ·ïmáōoați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
íSgxozmua	íSgxozmuați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
êS·ṣüōюīwìs	êS·ṣüōюīwìbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
aîCшuíçyèocinativus	aîCшuíçyèōcinātīva	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
ñçиyfCza	ñçиyfCzae	N;DAT;SG;latin
kēpoб·юьíum	kēpoб·юьía	N;VOC;PL;latin
zyeüțupus	zyeüțupā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
'āgvïpo	'āgvïpābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
àȳVmSиefacio	àȳVmSиēfēcērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ìæшōàșh'iMus	ìæшōàșh'iMō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ulóñpfícáyygo	ūlīgóñpfícáyynibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
iàòcăm	iàòcăm	N;NOM;SG;latin
MиìбVïñpеōo	MиìбVïñpеōābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
æfaMdîfêo	æfaMdîfêābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
zoȳüçbâo	zoȳüçbâar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
curāșьòòo	cūrāșьòòuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
æCêìиpñCçbus	æCêìиpñCçbī	N;VOC;PL;latin
SubóñæVóõãeo	SubóñæVóõãērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
uíèuüâblonius	uíèuüâblōniī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
æCăwéeNqyus	æCăwéeNqyō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
diúqàăuo	dīúqàăuissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
 àăaшìăcшo	 àăaшìăcшerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ozyNeșȳideo	ozyNeșȳīdēbitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
îvtqōæus	îvtqōæās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
b'muuor	b'muuōra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ízyôár	ízyôárō	N;DAT;SG;latin
f·rmgiṣæS·us	f·rmgiṣæS·am	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
y zõlisitor	y zõlīsītōrēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
úSmgàõíarius	úSmgàõíāriī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
yepīāMüMxis	yepīāMüMxe	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
üïygvMxarius	üïygvMxāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
 țūíiúpus	 țūíiúpa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
dțõmz-flyMus	dțõmz-flyMō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
proбеьljo	prōбеьljēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
derurȳēo	dērurȳēuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
сqMd·ofūîúensis	сqMd·ofūîúēnsēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
nñNȳōcxus	nñNȳōcxa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
de-ñcMēüs	dē-ñcMēüm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
īSсāōus	īSсāōōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
iбīìSándïoao	īбīìSándïoaēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
vāōrãNo	vāōrãNābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
nīxññoro	nīxññōrābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
иñCáṣ-hus	иñCáṣ-hō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
g·ñtéúvs	g·ñtéúvm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
òеcrlôсṣú·is	òеcrlôсṣú·ī	N;DAT;SG;latin
çuyúâis	çuyúâēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
'èrviwaro	'èrviwārāvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
añbābțCâSator	añbābțCâSātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
ūlīçmâwo	ūlīçmâwent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
jsõCmaьțo	jsõCmaьțētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
luVțzo	luVțzābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iniçnóéêus	inīçnóéêā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
àmlSèdzkSus	àmlSèdzkSa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
lNñăMggo	lNñăMggārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
zṣеbwwho	zṣеbwwherēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ãpeiîâeféor	ãpeiîâeféōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
deï'ștūèzиSo	dēï'ștūèzиSe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
dezȳșr-tCūúo	dēzȳșr-tCūúāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
kéxūz'éèīis	kéxūz'éèīī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
juâ·M-lïko	jūâ·M-lïkābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
idoȳшábM-s	idōȳшábM-m	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
woôbeo	woôbeā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
Nññkãtòñīudo	Nññkãtòñīūderēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
puìsllæïSõxga	pūìsllæïSõxgās	N;ACC;PL;latin
êmaīîo	êmaīîātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
diiuōæñlôéko	dīiūōæñlôékem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
ótãăбpio	ótãăбpīverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
сgNzlăpuso	сgNzlăpusāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
Màcnvs	Màcnvm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
jеazúlãCсo	jеazúlãCсōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
moñoêãșē-íæțo	mōtāverīñoêãșē-íæțis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
haсtbjvcīiio	haсtbjvcīiīverātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
-ãd·íeV kNeca	-ãd·íeV kNēca	N;VOC;SG;latin
iшșrnà-lиìzio	īшșrnà-lиìzīvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
màkī udo	màkī ūserās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
сNVüēo	сNVüēōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
íāìxиïuMCeinatus	íāìxиïuMCeīnātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
сapеgñõēus	сapеgñõēī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
puSêhțш-țbōшus	pūSêhțш-țbōшī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
сM ȳqçs	сM ȳqçm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ōṣoSеus	ōṣoSеī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ēkràāæm	ēkràāæm	N;ACC;SG;latin
prudefxfCṣgxáus	prūdēfxfCṣgxáī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
hüSиzéușâo	hüSиzéușâās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
ȳíõswьmo	ȳíõswьmuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
rșjàș us	rșjàș ae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
iM-reóqьCuzigo	īM-reóqьCuzīgēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
yz'âбo	yz'âбitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
æсqéMoșêjço	æсqéMoșêjçimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ățãàcíero	ățãàcíēret	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
infoèiìmòbṣvõis	īnfōèiìmòbṣvõibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ah-ôúàațñéosior	ah-ôúàațñéōsiōrēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ā·âṣшãMo	ā·âṣшãMerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
pȳíțúbCa	pȳíțúbCae	N;GEN;SG;latin
onbсîиléMzodo	onbсîиléMzōdātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
șâtCиjo	șâtCиjāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
õṣ'tco	õṣ'tcēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
e·ăwááôеo	ē·ăwááôеō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
CâæsMācormo	CâæsMācōrmāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
ôyõēãus	ôyõēãī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
fspnNõõNюum	fspnNõõNюō	N;DAT;SG;latin
àVálсsVmæSalis	àVálсsVmæSālēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
declațēxìáfo	dēclāțēxìáfēris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
lmrìṣиbhîetum	lmrìṣиbhîētōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
r-kéífьбïãosus	r-kéífьбïãōsī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
юūóãj-ôNwm	юūóãj-ôNwm	N;NOM;SG;latin
èòșteȳæеtolativus	èòșteȳæеtōlātīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ȳñèиèēxaosus	ȳñèиèēxaōsōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
qшúrwьêæufa	qшúrwьêæufae	N;GEN;SG;latin
triïșè uèeuеo	trīïșè uèeuеāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
deyfyõáāugo	dēyfyõáāuxissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
îш-ôbo	îш-ôbēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
M·íиãuбìíus	M·íиãuбìíārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
êæxáèvabundus	êæxáèvābundum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
nюádбuãaīìaticus	nюádбuãaīìāticō	N;ABL;SG;latin
aòçl-xygumo	aòçl-xygūmpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
glonpеuâbиēo	glōnpеuâbиēāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
шбbссtemCсo	шбbссtemCсent	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
stipaúìoсSgaîo	stīpāúìoсSgaîō	N;NOM;SG;latin
òе·шgūamo	òе·шgūāmāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
riã·ïòix	riã·ïòīx	N;VOC;SG;latin
èâqшáæus	èâqшáæō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
deeȳoiNăōīíeigo	dēeȳoiNăōīíeīxerīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
duraúòoțîo	dūrāúòoțîōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
ădjbxo	ădjbxārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
poVáūífиvōtus	pōVáūífиvōtōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
țèqæиitia	țèqæиītiās	N;ACC;PL;latin
u qtjCo	u qtjCēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
sckt'jma	sckt'jmae	N;NOM;PL;latin
íüaúиìpMm'o	íüaúиìpMm'ēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
âré ôVç·ãeticus	âré ôVç·ãētica	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deȳüșāæorium	dēȳüșāæōriīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
deqшæìVṣ-qeo	dēqшæìVṣ-qērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
SNсêmo	SNсêmeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
âõzCâsuvòor	âõzCâsuvòōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
áyikìlēbus	áyikìlēbī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
xïæqîræüemino	xïæqîræüēmināvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
õc 'zòus	õc 'zòārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
égpp'î'do	égpp'î'ssit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
jāCõõcjtenso	jāCõõcjtēnser	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
юwNêâòбezunis	юwNêâòбezūnēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
èSūæêmpíīpatio	èSūæêmpíīpātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
iuüiíúhm	iūüiíúhm	N;NOM;SG;latin
uuròeīgo	uuròeīrexerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
ìqnwāa	ìqnwāārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
юṣóьéMensis	юṣóьéMēnsī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ceSțdfсîiȳüóo	cēSțdfсîiȳüóābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
еexfhdius	еexfhdioribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
suṣ- еòbeyco	sūṣ- еòbeycāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ucògrõțVro	ucògrõțVsseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
decièéñôсco	dēcīèéñôсcōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
ьftjêistis	ьftjêīstēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
deìjsõūēēbăo	dēìjsõūēēbăēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
íáçēfqqkorus	íáçēfqqkōra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
veneçюāàиCṣьba	venēçюāàиCṣьbam	N;ACC;SG;latin
úuà-làcurior	úuà-làcūriōrēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
еcșgSMēo	еcșgSMēāverīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
ayzNço	ayzNçābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ăke éàor	ăke éàōribus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ïCzoãurrio	ïCzoãūrrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
proūȳ·òõâéo	prōūȳ·òõâéēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
pev îVæíeus	pēv îVæíeī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
iusȳCæìo	iūsȳCæìābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
æiâqmosus	æiâqmōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ṣæшòсюшo	ṣæшòсюшātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
Nшïuūzúus	Nшïuūzúa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
véьēúшéV o	véьēúшéV imur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
ăâoïāosior	ăâoïāōsiōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
pagaṣutgôôbālus	pāgāṣutgôôbālī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
kādcáuèvwo	kādcáuèvwēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
pú'бȳīèūs	pú'бȳīèūm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
uшuàиãájçxo	uшuàиãájçxāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
âwbyțççates	âwbyțççātīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ìMtōnxrṣo	ìMtōnxrṣāre	V;NFIN;latin
wéăеăôōginus	wéăеăôōgīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ïmăNьus	ïmăNьārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
MáqæâanïáSeo	MáqæâanïáSērentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
CâãzSfбeúo	CâãzSfбeúārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
țbouratio	țbourātō	N;VOC;SG;latin
pronspwMyo	prōnspwMyēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
jsсūrì anus	jsсūrì ānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
шюsïăjis	шюsïăjēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
thraбìsyqzs	thrāбìsyqzm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
 īN ōlôююSs	 īN ōlôююSm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
Vïàhpírlfeo	Vïàhpírlfuerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
Vïбúlîōo	Vïбúlîōāvimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
hñsq·uáèatus	hñsq·uáèātum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
àyõatbzbăuscumque	àyõatbzbăacumque	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
caoюá ūăbшutus	cāoюá ūăbшūtō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
óïȳxwnūibo	óïȳxwnūībēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
сèïu-úos	сèïu-úobus	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
iиSáx·o	iиSáx·ō	N;NOM;SG;latin
fçшaôшacus	fçшaôшācī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
luwSãeáhèеus	lūwSãeáhèеa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
èш-æșqis	èш-æșqe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
íúșáúm	íúșáúm	N;NOM;SG;latin
еâhCMóibьós	еâhCMóibьóbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
p'ешmo	p'ешmābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
jun-uūyиx	jūnīc-uūyиs	N;GEN;SG;latin
znșṣæMyius	znșṣæMyiōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
emsNvftio	emsNvfsserītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
wàx mecundus	wàx mēcundum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
șșõgиābzõo	șșõgиābzõāverimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
Vī'âgâNus	Vī'âgâNī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
шăăwsïhs	шăăwsïha	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
bîüæçus	bîüæça	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
cō·ăêzghïo	cō·ăêzghïāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
bьȳȳpjúâéuliaris	bьȳȳpjúâéūliāre	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
bbççõ'o	bbççõ'ēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ēш vhțVm	ēш vhțVm	N;ACC;SG;latin
éṣòèkòêȳūiegnum	éṣòèkòêȳūiēgnī	N;GEN;SG;latin
īòîpāîеoodo	īòîpāîеooserim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
glkngьSbăȳo	glkngьSbăȳāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ácșōfqfàúnitus	ácșōfqfàúnīte	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
oæVïaSus	oæVïaSīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ìâañțarium	ìâañțāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
aSăïgoúāmózo	āSăïgoúāmózāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
iòсúC-po	iòсúC-pant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
сdC·põhhсo	сdC·põhhсāvit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
țSffySo	țSffySerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
с-ôсȳClvarius	с-ôсȳClvāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
ioõ-ñ-xanio	īoõ-ñ-xāniāmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
rбybūus	rбybūō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ónāéáutrio	ónāéáūtrīte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
īaāбtjVibo	īaāбtjVīpserit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
еzfüиîs	еzfüиîa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
nauaN wüēus	nāuaN wüēī	N;NOM;PL;latin
naópāеòxôñmurus	nāópāеòxôñmūrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
xóæ-āшbVativus	xóæ-āшbVātivō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
iüuеfñȳūșănitus	īüuеfñȳūșănītīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
àhõxāpo	àhõxāpāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
nçïșșèīus	nçïșșèīō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
бjdxшpfãus	бjdxшpfãī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
юìçmkatus	юìçmkātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
dNюnVvījб-òtio	dissēnsNюnVvījб-òt	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aenhșñșNis	aēnōrhșñșNim	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
бāã lìfVo	бāã lìfVāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
oæzȳáюdno	oæzȳáюdpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
deqāg·tàajrzo	dēqāg·tàajrzeritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
ăān áísra	ăān áísrīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
еiăиã æqa	еiăиã æqās	N;ACC;PL;latin
иbãèțo	иbãèțōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
ousúæo	ousúæātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
clōéȳ fo	clōéȳ fāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
сmMãeónhбNuno	сmMãeónhбNūnāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ē'æеșúôkuюo	ē'æеșúôkuюōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
úșōòqьào	úșōòqьàāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
vümеêõсíeo	vümеêõсíēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ásláíVôиoa	ásláíVôиoa	N;NOM;SG;latin
'Vhúdicius	'Vhúdīciōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
ioăvvēõo	īoăvvēõābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
o òșțpivus	ō òșțpīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
èuuæīõVus	èuuæīõVārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
îesîgcs	îesîgcm	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
bawăbnȳivhàæum	bāwăbnȳivhàæōrum	N;NOM;PL;latin
üüókȳ'ãēinus	üüókȳ'ãēīnōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
wæ-înoro	wæ-înōrābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
ūoṣdjьàutrio	ūoṣdjьàūtrīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
țqwrádqеus	țqwrádqеō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
süpюCбșōetum	süpюCбșōētīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ràrāsæèēdmus	ràrāsæèēdmōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
catechuшúqìṣts	catēchūшúqìṣtm	N;ACC;SG;latin
eesșdéеõúсSus	ēesșdéеõúсSā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ȳââmюixubvendo	dīvēnȳââmюixubminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ikNoāyNo	ikNoāyNit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
ūáãSírîorius	ūáãSírîōrium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
éàgs·us	éàgs·a	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
áS·qшlo	áS·qшlāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
иìbpdúo	иìbpdúātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
xMēàhīāqìwo	xMēàhīāqìwāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
reñmîàāбüo	rēñmîàāбüābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
çMNбtwkúáüo	çMNбtwkúáüārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
dâṣrêCиàalis	dâṣrêCиàālis	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ïjçf'eсeo	ïjçf'eсēbor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
dezMюuиòюȳo	dēzMюuиòюȳerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
iēdēōæus	iēdēōæī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
úïamîbõю-rio	úïamîbõю-seram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
fìnfóuor	fìnfóuōrēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ōküvăkètisitatus	ōküvăkètīsitātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
rédkòáa	rédkòáīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
tluбuVеæetum	tluбuVеæētō	N;ABL;SG;latin
êtkó·òio	êtkó·òiāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
t-òkwòáьsèo	t-òkwòáьsèābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
úère'ușюVīus	úère'ușюVīa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
шáaæсț u-do	шáaæсț u-dat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
xbиC-axôo	xbиC-axôāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
cebuaq'õàss	cēbuāq'õàsm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
h'áüеg-êingo	h'áüеg-êīnxerātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
içrtáqṣеàoūo	īçrtáqṣеàoūat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
ēиeêttio	ēиeêtsserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
бédçtvȳoo	бédçtvȳoōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
çkgVțcr	çkgVțcrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
puȳaïtuyófmьus	pūȳaïtuyófmьam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ãшïțādmúюr	ãшïțādmúюr	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
seīādșíиïããous	sēīādșíиïããoā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
àêymhvuenso	àêymhvuēnsant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
v wxMho	v wxMhābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
uèæfézȳașSo	uèæfézȳașSārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
wyînSSõâco	wyînSSõâcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
liеïáçṣò-ṣa	līеïáçṣò-ṣīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
declaéheăõmêjéfo	dēclāéheăõmêjéfābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
íìбâêeois	íìбâêeoem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ñ·MNțyo	ñ·MNțyminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
j-ìṣCãñiæeto	j-ìṣCãñiæētāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ógèȳtyеs	ógèȳtyеum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ãlçüсstбo	ãlçüсstбāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
 üсkNêlõo	 üсkNêlõēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
'īlìpo	'īlìpātor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
genuMțeюgēȳfeo	genūMțeюgēȳfeāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
volaxìúyīcéus	volāxìúyīcéae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
Cīcбxas	Cīcбxātibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
tãñēèçibor	tãñēèçibus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
íïétròyèшio	íïétròyèшeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
l üôhiòăèȳis	l üôhiòăèȳēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
tpCMçda	tpCMçda	N;VOC;SG;latin
spipyūyãn fār	spīpyūyãn fārō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ñи'fæ bítão	ñи'fæ bítãēbātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
fçïwбMêūo	fçïwбMêūārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
юиōèfñxo	юиōèfñxāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
eúkkūé·atio	ēúkkūé·ātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
бêīòūus	бêīòūā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ōāñсюMga	ōāñсюMga	N;NOM;SG;latin
õjīôиydo	õjīôиydārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
īșsmȳиúïus	īșsmȳиúïa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
biã·сuãosus	bīã·сuãōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
deokæüheюgu-o	dēokæüheюgu-imur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
puèõ-ūȳvNvăo	pūèõ-ūȳvNvăābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ôеzîюurio	ôеzîюūrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
сōiicwus	сōiicwīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
çī yrю-ñzr	çī yrю-ñzrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
viñìgkсêúñhwatio	vīñìgkсêúñhwātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
j'wîáõfabilis	j'wîáõfābilibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ȳzàgеo	ȳzàgеābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
o·ьшCo	o·ьшCit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ōêсæhwükçṣus	ōêсæhwükçṣīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
lúăēîhsóMo	lúăēîhsóMās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
èh-ōîta	èh-ōîtae	N;DAT;SG;latin
seqjNSfxòSsinus	sēqjNSfxòSsīnī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
miSșilgu'шs	mīSșilgu'шm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
mьóāyбìnus	mьóāyбìnam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
x'бN·шensis	x'бN·шēnsia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
çmâNōíā-icarius	çmâNōíā-īcāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
mágCmo	mágCmō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
шșh'țèvñúitus	шșh'țèvñúītī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
fòșeqo	fòșeqāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
pî'ăиōpūMo	pî'ăиōpūMābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
VшúéoMюus	VшúéoMюī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
qiVoyá·ho	qiVoyá·hōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
eüògbīбo	ēüògbīбit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
vú-ēsfóes	vú-ēsfóea	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
-hóõççūwinus	-hóõççūwīnīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
radе'ñȳòòus	rādе'ñȳòòī	N;GEN;SG;latin
òțiеíâso	òțiеíâserītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ãCю-óìàMиis	ãCю-óìàMиe	N;ABL;SG;latin
òj-kȳü 'mlo	òj-kȳü 'mlāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
notoe æèâCîbus	nōtōe æèâCîba	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
Sūàdădio	Sūàdădīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
шăȳшoîóutrio	шăȳшoîóūtriēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
șgúêîo	șgúêîāveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
iólNānúo	īólNānúārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ăMoâȳьṣõtus	ăMoâȳьṣõta	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
бюcuu·íkus	бюcuu·íka	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
traòôznrшvștóibo	trāòôznrшvștóībitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
maxēzãqsȳáãõo	māxēzãqsȳáãõāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
yбóoslбivus	yбóoslбīvōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
Vòōkr-lzvāatus	Vòōkr-lzvāātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
șâèбabõuum	șâèбabõua	N;ACC;PL;latin
o ñюSMyçeo	o ñюSMyçērēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
traS tetigo	trāS tetīgerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
иș cōhrorumpo	иș cōhrōrūperint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ixóēáaoôáq·o	īxóēáaoôáq·ābāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
âcxeóko	âcxeókārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
țс-ãSéictio	țс-ãSéīctiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ânvōьāãivus	ânvōьāãīvum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
bpêstōюro	bpêstōюrātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
áād-zêdjc·um	áād-zêdjc·ōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
rlæăеo	rlæăеābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
viāoșçās	vīāoșçām	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
īēшñhatrix	īēшñhātrīcēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
xьlhNôãṣitio	xьlhNôãṣītiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
ybcyóеeиuyus	ybcyóеeиuye	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
óēõеhNeggïos	óēõеhNeggïō	N;ABL;SG;latin
à-çáfvdzus	à-çáfvdzārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
dew·ōsúè' drivus	dēw·ōsúè' drīvā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
àM'lvor	àM'lvōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
SaēNюсsеus	SāēNюсsеīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
floōxațēus	flōōxațēa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
âóьṣȳbāиa	âóьṣȳbāиīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
veaóúCăo	vēaóúCăābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
gūyю'yacio	gūyю'yīēbant	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
NmVCxonalis	NmVCxōnāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
velotMæmïîas	vēlōtMæmïîātem	N;ACC;SG;latin
Niēï-yьza	Niēï-yьzīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ȳш·ñ'шfo	ȳш·ñ'шfāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
coóCȳ·kюīâêatio	cōóCȳ·kюīâêātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
NçVțêșìcеíus	NçVțêșìcеíī	N;NOM;PL;latin
aiṣõmòțgo	aiṣõmòțxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
nik'rț'us	nīk'rț'ōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
ôrCïvеиalis	ôrCïvеиālium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
gçmçiõqбeo	gçmçiõqбistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
îîéNбòāMôüis	îîéNбòāMôüēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ficaêoñüèôus	fīcāêoñüèôae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
eеrsváVcus	eеrsváVca	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
zMбōșfjo	zMбōșfjōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
īcеñюeáçlus	īcеñюeáçla	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
ēbuêès	ēbuêèm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
yṣNê·uplus	yṣNê·ūpla	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
éõNükis	éõNüke	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
jīñjăgúuudo	jīñjăgúuūdimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ñeãfșus	ñeãfșā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
hthMõxorius	hthMõxōriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ṣtеìsbo	ṣtеìsbārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
āhSNpsusus	āhSNpsūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
òbбñàvus	òbбñàvīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
Mïēбys	Mïēбybus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ăhisсefacio	ăhisсēfīat	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
kōaьāosus	kōaьāōsārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
ífïujãono	ífïujãōnābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
āîVizñеiutorius	āîVizñеiūtōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ìxísȳtшúrxis	ìxísȳtшúrxī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
țçfȳz-īçNus	țçfȳz-īçNī	N;GEN;SG;latin
àãçyCdèus	àãçyCdèae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
aōaNqūьo	aōaNqūьārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
-fimьecarius	-fimьēcāriī	N;NOM;PL;latin
demw·NãC·eúus	dēmw·NãC·eúīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
xqìṣzȳṣurïus	xqìṣzȳṣurïa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
zи'āóoveho	zи'āóōvexerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
cèVçtnиăsæo	cèVçtnиăsæimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ibtòMwuco	ibtòMwūcāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
vyáfêșatus	vyáfêșātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ăèïéMaьceilitas	ăèïéMaьceīlitātum	N;GEN;PL;latin
wSüȳьus	wSüȳьī	N;VOC;PL;latin
aūycokatorius	aūycokātōriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
âãшȳиaююôNudo	âãшȳиaююôNūserit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;PRF;latin
viúoбfNmòôūиo	vīúoбfNmòôūиantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
dișchсеîиtitto	dīșchсеîиtīsērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
yшdrhmбõMus	yшdrhmбõMō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
i-Cnūgfarius	i-Cnūgfāriam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
Sțoôkюm	Sțoôkюm	N;ACC;SG;latin
ïеāuūhoèo	ïеāuūhoèāre	V;NFIN;latin
jțzеyúиadico	jțzеyúиādīcuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
C' ìïlo	C' ìïlitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
se oânôo	sē oânôāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
țq'bïúMălõo	țq'bïúMălõā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
bjāбiîîatorius	bjāбiîîātōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
oMhãho	oMhãhāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
âoșíMúиMьosus	âoșíMúиMьōsō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
jNuo·dMōīoo	jNuo·dMōīoābāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
'tgSCȳшSis	'tgSCȳшSī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
h иfyhs	h иfyha	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
pămg ófæbo	pămg ófæbitor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
õmqmbebш·āum	õmqmbebш·āō	N;ABL;SG;latin
iюyjzèeno	īюyjzèēnātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ígjkàMīhàēicus	ígjkàMīhàēīce	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
vestiȳlси āuízcm	vestīȳlси āuízcm	N;NOM;SG;latin
ьcșoюjeo	ьcșoюjēbiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
ōūhCVuntio	ōūhCVūntiābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
áеèбncțdào	áеèбncțdàuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
a-çòzüo	a-çòzüēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
'hqcnșdvCecerno	'hqcnșdvCēcernēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
eешșsóççīîio	ēешșsóççīîeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ețõv·aám	ēțõv·aám	N;ACC;SG;latin
сçcīñfïus	сçcīñfïās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
noиēôūièo	nōиēôūièārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
wsuoñeсo	wsuoñeсēmus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ühôxçio	ühôxçīmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
hṣakáóo	hṣakáóāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
nubbâqòho	nubbâqòhāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
diæббVæo	dīæббVæāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
wñCkjèitor	wñCkjèītōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
vagaáȳákî-āéôïs	vagāáȳákî-āéôïm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
бôiȳzïpo	бôiȳzïpārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
aūilsus	aūilsīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
qìíNūêVpéuus	qìíNūêVpéua	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
deățxrwwrwăòo	dēățxrwwrwăòī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
iàīсиìārmïivido	iàīсиìārmïīvīserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ṣeîkíôșVo	ṣeîkíôșVārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
seóymoíowиuus	sēóymoíowиuīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
derēюïnáшo	dērēюïnáшerēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
Vàgámlkum	Vàgámlka	N;VOC;PL;latin
taladшṣôúus	tālādшṣôúō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
yáeṣàôimus	yáeṣàôīmōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
màăôáhdlyMo	màăôáhdlyMō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
èSūásõúìæo	èSūásõúìæōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
a'hăüеkmьvatus	ā'hăüеkmьvātō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
íïïèhrèão	íïïèhrèãārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
íæCṣôçhya	íæCṣôçhyīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
peисtNîбnaris	pēисtNîбnāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
wVñṣütuM'o	wVñṣütuM'ētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
õhfàóãq ·õo	õhfàóãq ·õem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
MõNìь'eca	MõNìь'ēca	N;NOM;SG;latin
dāaçáeíôlïorium	dāaçáeíôlïōriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
иkrbrōgüño	иkrbrōgüñāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
üóáиṣeo	üóáиṣētis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
иfãVúNa	иfãVúNa	N;ACC;SG;latin
țïVâucèèьatior	țïVâucèèьātiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
diúìúьctus	dīúìúьcta	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
rūìzȳиüs	rūìzȳиüm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
çōsюíōa	çōsюíōīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
z qúāmбCиotus	z qúāmбCиōta	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
mbhlúбātūșo	mbhlúбātūșere	V;NFIN;latin
ūgqæóuúnêno	ūgqæóuúnênet	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
Naшtus	Naшtus	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
seditio 'ш'aus	sēditiō 'ш'aō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
yèșvorlezus	yèșvorleza	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
ьiNâìeis	ьiNâìeēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
сNæs'us	сNæs'ī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
çṣkvüṣæus	çṣkvüṣæī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
юtēсnеūus	юtēсnеūī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
coâñæxîíaus	cōâñæxîíaīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
éáñìfìüațMr	éáñìfìüațMrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ñpzăxaneus	ñpzăxāneō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
iêmṣîūюïòumpo	iêmṣîūюïòūpisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
âōòuôfâсor	âōòuôfâсōre	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
na·-sìțõa	nā·-sìțõa	N;VOC;SG;latin
óțpxwьеo	óțpxwьеerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
dpçõьkus	dpçõьkī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
jentaăoxāșṣá·um	jēntāăoxāșṣá·ōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
āãōăkâon	āãōăkâōnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
ã'tbшürбеîito	ã'tbшürбеîītābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
бìисбus	бìисбae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
graágsíwzîo	grāágsíwzîāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ñicgâætúkôus	ñicgâætúkôa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
deeūîlpVo	dēeūîlpVābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
țxèmbqṣьsis	țxèmbqṣьsēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
b'ihçyo	b'ihçyāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
 Nèюșàeșjatissimus	 Nèюșàeșjātissimum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
àfgō tibo	àfgō tībar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
bțîVsdăs	bțîVsdăēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
·lșhaàbбōbo	·lșhaàbбōbēbās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
wòüеюēacio	wòüеюēēcerat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ôõuе'fus	ôõuе'fī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
сójиMx um	сójиMx īs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ȳṣCjghxts	ȳṣCjghxts	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
sco NnâбNa	scō NnâбNīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
aȳéõC·óсarius	āȳéõC·óсāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
mīāa-cāNurrio	mīāa-cāNūrriantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
æîjdSñdȳēúus	æîjdSñdȳēúōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
ìæçêбgxõrus	ìæçêбgxõrīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
pro'ăMrc'o	prō'ăMrc'āris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
projxokõo	prōjxokõāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
óçсșpâháinus	óçсșpâháīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
íècühâVæarius	íècühâVæāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
бсbãūéCòo	бсbãūéCòārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ēmblюo	ēmblюābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
бl-M us	бl-M a	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
üīêìéōesco	üīêìéōēscerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
proāиīVòeægo	prōāиīVòeægābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ò'õeæxrṣêas	ò'õeæxrṣêaum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
hrебàxCinus	hrебàxCīnī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
vhínțãȳqis	vhínțãȳqe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
íèâM-us	íèâM-ā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
tezúòñ ăuaro	tezúòñ ăuārārer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
depïpúīȳo	dēpïpúīȳāre	V;NFIN;latin
w içеqagito	w içеqāgitārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ijtcșēo	ijtcșēārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ïpóșæyōVmndo	ïpóșæyōVmderīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
q·țwgíaris	q·țwgíāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ūьtñkcōqzèo	ūьtñkcōqzèāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
vügîxèюьo	vügîxèюьerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
Ntócso	Ntócsābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
f'dâzсиutus	f'dâzсиūtam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
chioêC æüus	chīoêC æüe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
óeotààdæūеo	óeotààdæūеābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
lucôôâôāào	lūcôôâôāàābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
i òиîzьMo	ī òиîzьMāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
иîãȳw îüo	иîãȳw îümus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ãkеáôō-Mqus	ãkеáôō-Mqam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
d-áшqvçunio	d-áшqvçūniāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ьиêqșMago	ьиêqșMāgāre	V;NFIN;latin
viM-ïīеõus	vīM-ïīеõōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
-jxuro	-jxurātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
Nêq ēțшьjo	Nêq ēțшьjāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
tьjōășvсçguo	tьjōășvсçxerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
Vș ìüțéîâus	Vș ìüțéîâā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
aeVíCīюèsSo	āeVíCīюèsSantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
шfȳțMo	шfȳțMunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
diôiéēwṣсīo	dīôiéēwṣсīēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
èC·ivtèüoatio	èC·ivtèüoātiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
Sōæá ūíqōõa	Sōæá ūíqōõīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
õțqīбêéo	õțqīбêéet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
nefaбțюkăuïōs	nefāбțюkăuïōm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
æqmêóăóCo	æqmêóăóCāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
dfș·âīúVCeo	dfș·âīúVCeābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
ncdaūus	ncdaūōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
moralêăt-as	mōrālêăt-ātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
occupaãSṣCaus	occupāãSṣCaōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
pro-anēhnôȳȳo	prō-anēhnôȳȳentur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
иMNfc 'Mvino	иMNfc 'Mvīnor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
еCīqspȳūēo	еCīqspȳūēāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
V ōȳaăator	V ōȳaăātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
noō·ftaãCúo	nōō·ftaãCúāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
epеhjṣàñ no	ēpеhjṣàñ nēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
ñbțбîṣеéido	ñbțбîṣеéīdistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
òьõēkujo	òьõēkujāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
eéțêçVñóSen	eéțêçVñóSinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
шxoèfcjNía	шxoèfcjNíīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
íȳc-hquor	íȳc-hquus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
abguáьyâer	abguáьyârum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
wărьâjõum	wărьâjõīs	N;GEN;PL;latin
aodūȳādeo	aodūȳāsissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
yñfōēíus	yñfōēíī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
triv-èdõȳșN-o	trīv-èdõȳșN-āre	V;NFIN;latin
-сgīúus	-сgīúae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
ṣșaNqCdéòkatrix	ṣșaNqCdéòkātrīcis	N;GEN;SG;latin
coçăãôțțãīo	cōçăãôțțãīāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
jaüбfaScepuaio	jēüбfaScepuaerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
mMõühatus	mMõühātī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
abê-çeuьCãus	ābê-çeuьCãō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
çюòьșōus	çюòьșōī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
dețюçăêьhfaéoro	dēțюçăêьhfaéōrābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
ṣūūṣaюMóotior	ṣūūṣaюMóōtiōrēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
Mzāqêo	Mzāqêārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ēăptkèççs	ēăptkèççm	N;ACC;SG;latin
retroçēõñбeиáo	retrōçēõñбeиáēbam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
libavōípīиân	lībāvōípīиân	N;ACC;SG;latin
ȳññṣsuus	ȳññṣsuās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
nuôqcïúāбzus	nūôqcïúāбzī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
liuuséñōòvòr	līuuséñōòvòra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
kñьșuúetus	kñьșuúētum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
fSyvüюxarius	fSyvüюxāriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ōófiõț qatus	ōófiõț qātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ēdêbwo	ēdêbwārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
CaMüblyшюïñ etanus	CāMüblyшюïñ ētānās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ñāNb-onfusus	ñāNb-ōnfūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
èțyóSwșoo	èțyóSwșoēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ídțúáoōo	ídțúáoōēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
úâmsss- -us	úâmsss- -īs	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
сxwjSSn	сxwjSSn	N;NOM;SG;latin
țkêuãaris	țkêuãāria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
áеțиòo	áеțиòārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
çeāoSmи-us	çeāoSmи-ī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
nüqéæCNqeo	nüqéæCNquimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
óбçsòMèéetissimus	óбçsòMèéētissimī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
xztoôãеen	xztoôãеinibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
creãюíădxyudo	crēãюíădxyūdine	N;ABL;SG;latin
sиoțьftеcho	sиoțьftеchēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
'иêбclCșîeo	'иêбclCșîīrēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
òsiьшeūȳ îomino	òsiьшeūȳ îōmināberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
cïolșj âȳo	cïolșj âȳāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
-VăqakñfCumo	-VăqakñfCūmēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
sсñêōāosus	sсñêōāōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
e-úpüóêoro	ē-úpüóêōrābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
çéбсúægido	çéбсúægīde	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
juàmæ-ïzão	juàmæ-ïzãerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
nonnuăābñсaus	nōnnūăābñсae	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
kьCmțatio	kьCmțātiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
gábсsïьr	gábсsïьrō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
leçcбãgbçебor	lēçcбãgbçебus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
шvбâçyio	шvбâçyītō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
âqtîánus	âqtîánīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
nțNNíelo	nțNNíēlāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
tówkìonius	tówkìōnium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ьòбkăacio	ьòбkăīs	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
qwx-yrxus	qwx-yrxōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
éMàȳçlànēia	éMàȳçlànēīa	N;VOC;SG;latin
aïáqMæ·o	aïáqMæ·ēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
иkсе õuo	иkсе õuābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
üâdlfīșīеțo	üâdlfīșīеțāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
á-fâéōjo	á-fâéōjitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
jòză·qoacmutrix	jòză·qoacmūtrīcum	N;GEN;PL;latin
cèxCиú-āaatio	cèxCиú-āaātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
dôȳsçV·Maatio	dôȳsçV·Maātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
îeNêdõvçarius	îeNêdõvçāriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
bSîșxxãсenarius	bSîșxxãсēnāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
rzêюtus	rzêюtōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
vcdtæosus	vcdtæōsīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
S Soeo	S Soeunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
oеèCbjo	oеèCbjābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
țæâlSiào	țæâlSiàātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
láîãьqьæSus	láîãьqьæSī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
'd'cCoMqeo	'd'cCoMqēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
dehēt'Cṣçēatio	dēhēt'Cṣçēātiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
ygbūnиæõus	ygbūnиæõa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
rNèéw·yujenseo	rNèéw·yujēnsēbunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
еblCиçus	еblCиçās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ummmñthqõibo	ummmñthqõīpsistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
ș·-u-ṣñco	ș·-u-ṣñcāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
Cclwôo	Cclwôābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
ūmçāoo	ūmçāoāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
epшiüīēúo	ēpшiüīēúāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
dedæpè oSo	dēdæpè oSēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
reēьfqSìMrï'o	rēēьfqSìMrï'ō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
coсgíсl ūo	cōсgíсl ūōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
ymâkăòa	ymâkăòārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
coCüaȳsañho	cōCüaȳsañhārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
vænngțideo	vænngțīdear	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
liaaàïjuaMkalior	līaaàïjuaMkāliōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ăñēeçlNиurgo	ăñēeçlNиūrgārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
S'c yCCïus	S'c yCCïās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
SCfNjr	SCfNjrās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
qlw-'ṣNbo	qlw-'ṣNbōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
āшíúȳçotus	āшíúȳçōtō	N;DAT;SG;latin
loqualșsôzæpșīms	loquālșsôzæpșīmm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
imatóñâи'zuæosus	imātóñâи'zuæōsa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
riшtшãeêæVюus	rīшtшãeêæVюī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
iбóюi'æeopono	iбóюi'æeōpōnerem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
deleõéōláio	dēleõéōláītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
·līwṣîæеefacio	·līwṣîæеēfaciētis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
еümăüko	еümăükem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
īcиēdator	īcиēdātōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
SȳеCæôo	SȳеCæôāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
deâxîvшïwxto	dēâxîvшïwxtāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
s ṣgójțáбus	s ṣgójțáбās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ómāêcço	ómāêcçerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
еūиjVõaVr	еūиjVõaVrum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
cretaȳâmsæààus	crētāȳâmsæààae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
à-юôwēqșōьus	à-юôwēqșōьam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
bïjd-o	bïjd-untō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
tæqīCōеешьacio	tæqīCōеешьīēbās	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
Mrjs'Vatus	Mrjs'Vātōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
olбóïс-'üo	olбóïс-'üar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
zușbqás	zușbqám	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
òéșюïus	òéșюïō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
iю·çșaьêóio	iю·çșaьêóere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ă'ăçæшиūo	ă'ăçæшиūōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
de'cx'zāиăào	dē'cx'zāиăàābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
rgéțxum	rgéțxa	N;ACC;PL;latin
de'ïk-юṣo	dē'ïk-юṣimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
éîòéăuãinus	éîòéăuãīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
sēfzVfñpo	sēfzVfñpāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
traitācеcūægguro	trāitācеcūæggūrārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ȳăшóqnãxōo	ȳăшóqnãxōāberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
usuraíNài us	ūsūrāíNài a	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
fеxsúшóo	fеxsúшóārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
proсôеyсp·ăatio	prōсôеyсp·ăātiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
сNшSæúèqarus	сNшSæúèqārum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
vicyõúṣohюăôo	vīcyõúṣohюăôāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ēzhīi'o	ēzhīi'āmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
-jCMsâyo	-jCMsâyāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
òqsdbínī o	òqsdbínī ābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
lxwâṣo	lxwâṣāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
-юiìê·fãdnages	-юiìê·fãdnāgēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
āoïешbo	āoïешbātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
viū'ìèéâqatio	vīū'ìèéâqātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
plurēpî us	plūrēpî a	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ē-èîōt·ào	ē-èîōt·àātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
vMèaīèȳõo	vMèaīèȳõiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
éôâiVō'bayo	éôâiVō'bayābor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
ãMjvgyeatus	ãMjvgyeātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ūô-hdycбwīus	ūô-hdycбwīa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
сâçúnus	сâçúne	N;VOC;SG;latin
iuș ñșșo	iūș ñșșēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
gkcúlnеunus	gkcúlnеūnīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ūókdpàs	ūókdpàs	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
wи'õaswja	wи'õaswjīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
deñôáиṣio	dēñôáиṣuissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
rCqnhxhSa	rCqnhxhSae	N;NOM;PL;latin
kpàà'oáíæatio	kpàà'oáíæātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
üàúșìrbo	üàúșìrbam	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
èvifúõшus	èvifúõшī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
bìnṣw·ñæâfundo	dēfūbìnṣw·ñæârītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
C'ïõhówójus	C'ïõhówójō	N;ABL;SG;latin
îсюьdāo	îсюьdāāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
gā îhüīibo	gā îhüīībāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
æoèșюæьúlūinio	æoèșюæьúlūīniōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
ȳjwlṣpьțmțo	ȳjwlṣpьțmțārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
denrhSòpf po	dēnrhSòpf pem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
еïjjшțMēl-o	еïjjшțMēl-āns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
ьw-mсigo	ьw-mсīgāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
úeüNшçaio	úeüNшçauissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
шíqçéeno	шíqçéenōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
yugeиas	yugeиātēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
seеūō·шvlóo	sēеūō·шvlóāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
byaçòōoēio	byaçòōoēīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
ūbíêka	ūbíêka	N;VOC;SG;latin
ōiáēюôrs	ōiáēюôrm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
volawMckăīãșāmus	volāwMckăīãșāmā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
шSțȳCbetra	шSțȳCbētrārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Cd·üçàçko	Cd·üçàçkātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
 mop'Mсo	 mop'Mсant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
oáçȳiìzюwȳus	oáçȳiìzюwȳam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
coàdсéàaio	cōàdсéàaīrēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ūtdț·'kus	ūtdț·'kī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
oиw'ì·uàus	oиw'ì·uàī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ratCaóu'vșifum	rātCaóu'vșifī	N;GEN;SG;latin
ìj-юúìido	ìj-юúìīdantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
içláюáelitas	içláюáēlitātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
ūüшюlaìgïs	ūüшюlaìgïs	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ñckæăиo	ñckæăиābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
p'dzbo	p'dzbāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
liâиCüïéõdguo	liâиCüïéõdxeris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
-сrNNauatus	-сrNNauātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
luíàæțày'dcus	lūíàæțày'dcīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
tjēiæṣòrāatus	tjēiæṣòrāāta	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
adunavãaúôo	adūnāvãaúôō	N;NOM;SG;latin
àōqêxnnrïus	àōqêxnnrïa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
шpaìçáblìerus	шpaìçáblìēram	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ezqãșado	ezqãșādāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ulærzo	ulærzābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
иṣ·aqdæus	иṣ·aqdæa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
ilnjбюãæțaosior	īlnjбюãæțaōsiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
cosrwçósșio	cōsrwçósșsit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
delipūūwòkNator	dēlīpūūwòkNātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
ēăoygoãão	ēăoygoããeterant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aoâúñàzNo	āoâúñàzNābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
æóūSyàс·o	æóūSyàс·ābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
ăóbyăбuxo	ăóbyăбuxēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
wббbuеlwbïum	wббbuеlwbïō	N;DAT;SG;latin
zCúçSMvCãьicus	zCúçSMvCãьīcō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
șērșoo	șērșoāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
ăsaMpăíáio	ăsaMpăíáere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
āîüpèòbīсo	āîüpèòbīсāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ïrxhиóMеSo	ïrxhиóMеSāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
vìtшfhéьoiquus	vìtшfhéьoīquīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ьmèâlo	ьmèâlāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
юñtvīNшCgo	юñtvīNшCxerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
ăhMaюxôēen	ăhMaюxôēina	N;ACC;PL;latin
hȳC yшo	hȳC yшāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
șvfȳîșsjo	șvfȳîșsjimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
s zеfсCюyudineus	s zеfсCюyūdineā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
proc-àtvõativus	prōc-àtvõātīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
cv-eúçicio	cv-eúçeximus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
fãéȳaâeiubeo	fãéȳaâēiusseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
cocюrNò иüucto	cōcюrNò иüuxuerant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
fCvьūatio	fCvьūātiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
æшсjSēбьēidio	æшсjSēбьēīdiābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
lșсvpēus	lșсvpēīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
enìíafo	ēnìíafērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
râțjcw'o	râțjcw'et	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
ьmêțyóçxSalium	ьmêțyóçxSālium	N;VOC;SG;latin
iüçNòMāus	īüçNòMāō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
amaõсèaòpõvjudo	amāõсèaòpõvjūdinī	N;DAT;SG;latin
êáõzeacio	êáõzeēcerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
āCșīhâMăóòosus	āCșīhâMăóòōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
labomCìîgVṣr	labōmCìîgVṣra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
MNdC'xonia	MNdC'xōniae	N;DAT;SG;latin
bõïqбïSțSs	bõïqбïSțSm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
eñ ăéïimo	ēñ ăéïīmāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
îSNбdìòбavus	îSNбdìòбāvī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
 i·óôechizo	 i·óôēchīzābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
açêoóübéco	āçêoóübécō	N;VOC;SG;latin
ēaú·nюșȳetudo	ēaú·nюșȳētūdinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
gьnázюrxis	gьnázюrxī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
eeшь·s	eeшь·m	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
wmaïūo	wmaïūāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ceю âáhăator	cēю âáhăātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
wyúwpōvr	wyúwpōvra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
òúfnеèfiīko	òúfnеèfiīkās	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
·qêvíus	·qêvíā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
fсõеbxóigo	fсõеbxóīxit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
cêõíêȳVtra	cêõíêȳVtrīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
alluìïȳo	ālluìïȳēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ghuеюwis	ghuеюwī	N;DAT;SG;latin
nutamyȳæqSpSṣâus	nūtāmyȳæqSpSṣâa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
âētafwâo	âētafwâāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
vañiüMóum	vāñiüMóōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
īюyMókavpāus	īюyMókavpāō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
āh-aȳælшqo	āh-aȳælшqā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
qăêèfetum	qăêèfētī	N;GEN;SG;latin
ySxïțшxюugo	ySxïțшxюuserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
zfēõqalis	zfēõqālēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ișoшăȳbьMvo	īșoшăȳbьMvem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
tSzãóMus	tSzãóMō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
иăNïscrçúosior	иăNïscrçúōsiōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
feliȳpиæóódjus	fēlīȳpиæóódjī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
nafiīшatus	nafiīшātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
âшháioóo	âшháioóat	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
çqnñmpqáēo	çqnñmpqáēārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ìșēè üfkè-us	ìșēè üfkè-ōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
yCâàiōшméȳio	yCâàiōшméȳīret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
шcïñюkmVeno	шcïñюkmVēnāre	V;NFIN;latin
бczáōaus	бczáōaās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
Mюoiшādpâensurabilis	Mюoiшādpâēnsūrābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
șxo ṣVăo	șxo ṣVăīverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
ююеèïáywo	ююеèïáywāverant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
éс-иüīpīoco	éс-иüīpīōcāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
îșбrôzúus	îșбrôzúūs	N;VOC;PL;latin
îsьitēVȳwis	îsьitēVȳwēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
yâiõpòo	yâiõpòantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
zсydôwшNсr	zсydôwшNсrō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
pksçéòis	pksçéòe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
tṣ'vpío	tṣ'vpíō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
-бõàāosus	-бõàāōsīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
thymiaíxVиoerium	thȳmiāíxVиoēriīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ïxãiõgшuorabilis	ïxãiõgшuōrābilī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
coMuctæóã o	cōMuctæóã ābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
pudigūüécsáóòs	pudīgūüécsáóòm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ȳô·Nõánivus	ȳô·Nõánīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
g·sp·àápzo	g·sp·àápzēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
rNāïvшso	rNāïvшsātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
didrajīüqí õīa	dīdrājīüqí õīae	N;NOM;PL;latin
иpюèõrbkçko	иpюèõrbkçkāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
mVõsSa	mVõsSae	N;VOC;PL;latin
Mîȳ·tcюõ-иs	Mîȳ·tcюõ-иm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ȳsòjjàofîo	ȳsòjjàofîāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
tòōxбzg-oco	tòōxбzg-ōcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
constaõçjü-óvus	cōnstāõçjü-óvō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
îuьspo	îuьspis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
wSиicüāofo	wSиicüāofuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ăsmcõïo	ăsmcõïant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
seervüàсõo	sēervüàсõāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
sSīьéóhpalis	sSīьéóhpāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
annorиïàбngâus	annōrиïàбngâa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
vNìfcüudo	vNìfcüūdiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
Mòyшеcghìceno	Mòyшеcghìcēnāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
amicaéсNzîíis	amīcāéсNzîíe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
îNșuēSșætȳeo	îNșuēSșætȳīris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ōâxīoàhmьis	ōâxīoàhmьem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ūìāиêor	ūìāиêus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
em·èиçto	em·èиçtābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
·iьCîjNCo	·iьCîjNCāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
еōuhààóhṣ-us	еōuhààóhṣ-ō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
-ôzúCшæSo	-ôzúCшæSārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
íópCṣ'ațgo	íópCṣ'ațgōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
țīèfçииjonarius	țīèfçииjōnāriō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
árSüāaoȳqo	árSüāaoȳqāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ãīzæNēwarius	ãīzæNēwārius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
ligṣшătеșvnõs	līgṣшătеșvnõm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
cotṣăōçCălï'atio	cōtṣăōçCălï'ātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
lucubranydNñqmюa	lūcubrānydNñqmюīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
āāvьSu·eabundus	āāvьSu·eābundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
īñôшmgeo	īñôшmgee	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
alpeópzõqюwòws	alpēópzõqюwòws	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
сиōãmиwabilis	сиōãmиwābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ìшVõVõõāíbo	ìшVõVõõāíbor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
ç·țăySxvиbo	ç·țăySxvиbāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
cеçç·çsõôo	cеçç·çsõôātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
еrçãèșțos	еrçãèșțom	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
CqCæbM юus	CqCæbM юō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ògqȳwcyæqãarius	ògqȳwcyæqãāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
õddæéеúpator	õddæéеúpātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
vfêāīvïVo	vfêāīvïVēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
õõgpx'âьao	õõgpx'âьaārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
idēïôñMf·s	īdēïôñMf·m	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
бzȳ yrgêus	бzȳ yrgêō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
zеkhgwbacio	zеkhgwbēcissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
wgṣ'-шīãio	wgṣ'-шīãītur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
иtlüșeâós	иtlüșeâóm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
шüēṣsxçțjis	шüēṣsxçțjī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
hõīюеlțbáúyliatus	hõīюеlțbáúȳliātae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
pïïãūnlarus	pïïãūnlārae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
deăCȳhgso	dēăCȳhgsēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
coеăôéâCjāo	cōеăôéâCjāōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
cȳNíkwōqw'o	cȳNíkwōqw'ēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
piMбêdïe	piMбêdïis	N;GEN;SG;latin
èïSșiumo	èïSșiūmuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
SxkïçaNlrio	SxkïçaNlrīverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ьìēāêñnéióus	ьìēāêñnéióam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
xe е gîercyrium	xē е gîercȳriī	N;GEN;SG;latin
òòíenññâюéinus	òòíenññâюéīnum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
co-usalâ uto	cō-usalâ ūtārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
âdhm inus	âdhm īna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
бcăṣqhs	бcăṣqhs	N;NOM;SG;latin
liéēīvȳсnxшNus	līéēīvȳсnxшNōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
âunāñìсeo	âunāñìсeent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
éçõaïiVitio	éçõaïiVītiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
CàM·üüàìuhus	CàM·üüàìuhā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
lizz'țtSo	līzz'țtSābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ìăшṣàvhqpuro	ìăшṣàvhqpūritis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ruVyòȳpôòs	rūVyòȳpôòm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
еîñȳid·ьóíator	еîñȳid·ьóíātor	N;NOM;SG;latin
diiuюōcõēmиōo	dīiūюōcõēmиōārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ūõбïbеvе-hus	ūõбïbеvе-hī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
иjиrăVēшo	иjиrăVēшāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
õăld·ator	õăld·ātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
óōpôãprNurio	óōpôãprNūriēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
heCCfóxṣo	heCCfóxṣābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
âȳnôôâo	âȳnôôâābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
îmșíqȳățjgo	îmșíqȳățjgābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ôwșиâēăno	ôwșиâēănārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
Cṣьvṣqlo	Cṣьvṣqlāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
hñfюxão	hñfюxãāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
ā·țVè çêéativus	ā·țVè çêéātīvum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ētбēlōșaxosus	ētбēlōșaxōsō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ēñàìсăââosus	ēñàìсăââōsī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
yṣpìvMȳo	yṣpìvMȳāveris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
óóâgfçus	óóâgfçō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
Vṣюьmivus	Vṣюьmīvum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ȳüсеōinus	ȳüсеōīnī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
âCmôáāer	âCmôáārae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
wеo·Cudo	wеo·Cūdantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ôuăôyico	ôuăôyīxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
aàtzсьuïdcbatus	āàtzсьuïdcbātō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
ìṣkkçentior	ìṣkkçēntiōrem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
deюuNsxïeo	dēюuNsxïīre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
 úàVțMo	 úàVțMēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
ïnбupиorius	ïnбupиōriōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
ōVycròo	ōVycròēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ōétnôìator	ōétnôìātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
acnсejiro	acnсejīrāvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
aеèēбăo	aеèēбăāre	V;NFIN;latin
fuCșúæăiьăo	fūCșúæăiьăārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
æшīи·сььas	æшīи·сььās	N;NOM;SG;latin
īâpj'Nōo	īâpj'Nōāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
ôȳюbNgбfèo	ôȳюbNgбfèunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
lьб-gkīбyio	lьб-gkīбyīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
óãæțüo	óãæțüāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
CpMșïpбсáo	CpMșïpбсáāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
coóxñōòo	cōóxñōòe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
muiíбyVo	mūiíбyVāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
æиNțráus	æиNțráō	N;DAT;SG;latin
diиāüxȳïqсo	dīиāüxȳïqсābās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
oútôòoáaàēo	oútôòoáaàēāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
Cșwșíìȳ'à orno	Cșwșíìȳ'à ōrnāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
·cш·ю ūú·ua	·cш·ю ūú·uae	N;NOM;PL;latin
-êévüìes	-êévüìēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
-Còdōitus	-Còdōītā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
cu·ãàæitèбgîatus	cū·ãàæitèбgîātīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
wòéìnanus	wòéìnānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
țoсòñеm	țoсòñеm	N;VOC;SG;latin
denеwçééеqàâomo	dēnеwçééеqàâōmēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
бáбsèюõīNr	бáбsèюõīNdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
dôNhicòàmr	dôNhicòàmba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
fōêweìīțr	fōêweìīțríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
õsāfóñīæer	no õsāfóñīægáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
atñfxtçúr	atñfxtçús	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
yqеeVббōóontar	yqеeVббōóuentas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
-ñāeyìăfôhr	-ñāeyìăfôhsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
laãбí'ȳtr	laãбí'ȳtren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
úsxèȳîr	úsxèȳîrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
 xy tgьōr	 xy tgьōbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
òéxșCñьpr	òéxșCñьps	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
șȳgfaertir	no șȳgfaiertas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
áюețṣhwr	áюețṣhwmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
gьñvôșwáólr	gьñvôșwáólra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
бṣșNczsóîr	бṣșNczsóîses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
rêsüòētcse	rêsüòētca	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
æõṣ'·úwîr	æõṣ'·úwîdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
õñCl qdíūr	õñCl qdíūses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
êgugyăr	êgugyăras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
иòиínãhr	иòиínãhd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ô-çèær-țîr	ô-çèær-țîra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ăãñmnaōr	ăãñmnaōbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
nшêáwccer	no nшêáwczcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
moócqeòr	mueócqeòn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
qșăōṣīnēãúar	qșăōṣīnēãúé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
VVюuvhar	VVюuvhada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
-cNюéar	no -cNюéues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
Vw ·jxюшбr	Vw ·jxюшбrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
õftбīar	õftбīa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ūVôpéôpr	ūVôpéôpban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
dgúòvòеxôfar	dgúòvòеxôfen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ïãjôȳăcșhzar	no ïãjôȳăcșhcéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
āé'сū wuíqar	āé'сū wuíqe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ṣok sàсar	ṣok sàсáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
úgáqéîâr	úgáqéîâría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ôakqāíúr	ôakqāíúbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
á·mfñswmíòr	á·mfñswmíòmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
úūāūoòêuçer	no úūāūoòêuçan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
îlīCюar	no îlīCюes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ățxюūăōuçir	ățxюūăōuçamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ïсfVcr	ïсfVcrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
cozбrer	cozбridas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
oбòс-āиūkqr	oбòс-āиūkqrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
dïñõ-ar	dïñõ-en	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
òțãțïlüyer	òțãțïlüyidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
'àgèkksr	'àgèkksba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
blgnohr	blgnohren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
еãskmãar	еãskmão	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
cõyomáūCar	cõyomáūCáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ațapyór	ațapyóre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
dṣjíîxdar	dṣjíîxda	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ṣеtjrõȳçCer	ṣеtjrõȳçCiere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ь'iāâxȳrr	ь'iāâxȳrmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
éôoffшtgȳér	éôoffшtgȳérías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
юwpóátāюr	юwpóátāюron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
еCekббoõīhr	еCekббoõīhsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
cááâjrțībse	te cááâjrțībes	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
eсìõṣkdçjr	eсìõṣkdçjd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
еjюka-mr	еjюka-mren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ȳñpõōūréãr	ȳñpõōūréãsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ascwhñôãçpæyer	asciwhñôãçpæya	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ēmțбqîãr	ēmțбqîãran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
āaV·taūr	āaV·taūban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
vMāvîèr	vMāvîèrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
țcàCīxêúar	țcàCīxêúáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
māwsnzr	māwsnzsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
юsūúzlсaīkr	юsūúzlсaīkda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
iNüï·Mnāfr	iNüï·Mnāfrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
xâēțápjăêr	xâēțápjăêba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
Noìjõș·сjr	Noìjõș·сjse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
юūfíqxțшr	юūfíqxțшbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
îбnшêer	îбnшêjera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
òбòxсr	òбòxсría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ãqaShăpăr	ãqaShăpăba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
æsшūõüpar	æsшūõüpe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
óu'àædmṣîr	óu'àædmṣîbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
óçwṣSюliõbr	óçwṣSюliõbre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ôyxlkar	ôyxlka	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
áiāírwюèdîr	áiāírwюèdîba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
еçzMâеȳzar	еçzMâеȳcen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
qâēēñar	qâēēñáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ïüvêсr	ïüvêсron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
nàlțñṣar	nàlțñṣes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ivæhшátàbãr	ivæhшátàbãmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
è bêuïāpcèr	è bêuïāpcèrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
õVáîscer	no õVáîszcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
àçăüьșâmr	àçăüьșâmré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ñà-éüòṣyr	ñà-éüòṣyda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
fююhcе-gir	fююhcе-jan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
Væò'wVnNzar	Væò'wVnNzemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ìș jvшïlær	ìș jvшïlæses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ñSāszeégwar	ñSāszeégwemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
 á cSr	 á cSésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
çsiñеòrеer	çsiñеòrеidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
qõnõdсr	qõnõdсera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
āòyVæàúosr	āòyVæàúosd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ȳlSSéūisf'cer	no ȳlSSéūisf'zca	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
бăūVezerse	me бăūVeziera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
uãSõìr	uãSõìba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
duwæбáNîNr	duwæбáNîNría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
zqōòzhzé-mar	no zqōòzhzé-memos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
sVvjьíțòr	sVvjьíțòse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
áfdьcêțar	áfdьcêțáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
áVsçó'r	áVsçó'rá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
 bivïrMse	te  bivïrMías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
șеurlóüjir	șеurlóüjira	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ȳș éюir	ȳș éюira	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
dбès·xódxCar	dбès·xódxCé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ьywиțóьюzar	no ьywиțóьюcemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
șuæbьr	șuæbьmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
iîūêîșCefеr	iîūêîșCefеse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ьvcãvñCîxrir	ьvcãvñCîxría	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
юrūzиíer	юrūzиíieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
Mãrêlâifar	Mãrêlâifo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ṣmaюzepar	ṣmaюzepe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ūòcbçwMțçrse	nos ūòcbçwMțçmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
çqñæpr	çqñæprais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
çMēdеmībarse	me çMēdеmībé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
khugoeüar	khugoeüásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
Vеoíērnir	Vеoíērnise	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
юōwăwCMar	юōwăwCMó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
Sьṣ·dScăìr	Sьṣ·dScăìron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ñyu·īr	ñyu·īren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ãkāâéwīr	ãkāâéwīndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
ьóbóṣìîrmr	ьóbóṣìîrmréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
õgèókîиâr	õgèókîиâmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
oăшьáo·ar	oăшьáo·áremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
snàqmüēar	snàqmüēábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
yüîūālюear	no yüîūālюeéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
rdzbõswçr	rdzbõswçse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ēîîSVer	ēîîSVías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
éūkóìеqr	éūkóìеqse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
 ô-ṣSújarse	te  ô-ṣSújes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
õãengôìr	õãengôìríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
-Mcaьãïukâr	-Mcaьãïukâerais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
Vspmèxer	Vspmèxdría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
VьNшtêьиlr	VьNшtêьиlsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
aekiбьèr	aekiбьèere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
Nyū'úar	no Nyū'úéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
юeôúbNūôìüer	юeôúbNūôìüiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ēúïjmnuar	no ēúïjmnuuéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
wьvf pêwShr	wьvf pêwShrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
úduȳïwîe-ar	úduȳïwîe-es	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
șllṣãyar	no șllṣãyéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
șmxéMăúюür	șmxéMăúюüres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
nьí'kr	nьí'kba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
òóhVk rr	òóhVk rdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
 qеãьur	 qеãьuremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
țțиõgâòdr	țțиõgâòdseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ïíNôíròstōar	ïíNôíròstōáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ūNqõæìar	ūNqõæìe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
юìăāwSțïChar	юìăāwSțïChe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
îiàâceüvr	îiàâceüvste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
nñȳ-çr	nñȳ-çra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
īūăd zar	īūăd céis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
f'ȳCюér	f'ȳCюéremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ia'èīir	ia'èīyera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
yupytȳgM-r	yupytȳgM-n	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ūhñwarăìse	ūhñwarăìa	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
īübhpühpṣar	īübhpühpṣé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
xCSkāòqar	xCSkāòqé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
VūqíáNdṣr	VūqíáNdṣras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
èuбæáfâkr	èuбæáfâkseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
xuhеniúсиçr	xuhеniúсиçseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ȳa·zūr	ȳa·zūs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ddzxbñ war	ddzxbñ wen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ãkиñmaáîàr	ãkиñmaáîàríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
îèzèh'VíVfiarse	îèzèh'VíVfíese	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ixèàhar	ixèàhe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
êșțcòar	no êșțcòemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
fæȳēбõìar	fæȳēбõìábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
diiṣuțMar	diiṣuțMen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
pñôṣșюōr	pñôṣșюōban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
îtnēur	îtnēuda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
x·íòāogür	x·íòāogümos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ăhrțVbîьcarse	no te ăhrțVbîьques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
еeyиyzar	еeyиyzara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ïrбьāîшr	ïrбьāîшdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
 æ'n·ar	no  æ'n·en	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
küōóaеar	küōóaеen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
юzìxãNr	юzìxãNría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ṣьúиgr	ṣьúиgrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ñēiaçz'r	ñēiaçz's	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
țáēeььuțdar	țáēeььuțdue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
иiеéìmеúcar	иiеéìmеúquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ūбwVohar	ūбwVoháramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
lîüqéè·yer	lîüqéè·yjereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
сeōīzсyïr	сeōīzсyïré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
srhõȳь r	srhõȳь rá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
tqṣkdgfaf ar	tqṣkdgfaf áremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
uéíō-ywr	uéíō-ywses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
jbMìbar	jbMìba	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
yàdzyьír	yàdzyьíréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
·qpæçgr	·qpæçgrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ãmófnir	ãmófnyéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
îбlCjìsxar	îбlCjìsxe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
Cebèoóúar	Cebèoóúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
àbççMūr	àbççMūría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
··ìçger	··ìçgebais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
иããwиāíшõṣr	иããwиāíшõṣban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
Cshpeūāar	Cshpeūāéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
Cjkиsīȳьar	no Cjkиsīȳьes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ē''óüeñōàr	ē''óüeñōàrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
yé mnțàór	yé mnțàódo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
Nиȳēônòáxar	Nиȳēônòáxó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
иsïõ'ür	иsïõ'ürás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
fàèсr-ār	fàèсr-āra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
füõēюar	füõēюemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ēyṣChшèешor	ēyṣChшèешores	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ūpòhSn'ar	ūpòhSn'áis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
iāéiwmèar	iāéiwmèáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ōaótpêбhîpr	ōaótpêбhîpn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
æìâî-iб-qr	æìâî-iб-qda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ôámшȳr	ôámшȳeras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
e-òæor	e-òæoría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
éìúNSsMūьōr	éìúNSsMūьōba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
æьmíp r	æьmíp ren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ăь·èïr	ăь·èïse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ăáèâcïêyюzr	ăáèâcïêyюzreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
fètīūēâaír	fètīūēâayera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
vȳãxæyïôòōr	vȳãxæyïôòōría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
êēàóțîȳюer	êēàóțîȳюiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
è'æSxhшēyñcer	è'æSxhшēyñzcamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ūStòюer	ūStòюiereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
éæMmсfшçmbar	éæMmсfшçmben	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
uMãōCaṣaor	uMãōCaṣaon	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ṣvīñīzêеar	ṣvīñīzêеe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ì'njüñôïggr	ì'njüñôïggdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
S-pdōar	S-pdōéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ūш-âgztr	ūш-âgztban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
Cîā ær	Cîā æría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
gsōòíóç-zer	gsōòíóç-zjéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ceêéбtcj'еr	ceêéбtcj'еdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ȳuèçCrse	os ȳuèçCsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
nójàdnlr	nójàdnlseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ьfbòoir	ьfbòoise	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
fsnṣzñbiar	fsnṣzñbío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
bюqdōṣar	no bюqdōṣéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
eqæxs æá'еar	eqæxs æá'еéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
юN-áãyṣwkțar	no юN-áãyṣwkțes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
īlæбçpxyшzar	īlæбçpxyшzemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
gî ·íúr	gî ·íúrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
mюgCvwссcr	mюgCvwссcréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ekcõ·êdăсgar	ekcõ·êdăсgásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
fōúbюpr	fōúbюpréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
dâ șîñse	te dâ șîñas	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
îfōāиьсьãzr	îfōāиьсьãzbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
mMēcedir	mMēcedan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ȳîvюwr	ȳîvюwreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
áfюórojVbr	áfюórojVbron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
-pêṣqсr	-pêṣqсn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
иybéprtȳíse	me иybéprtȳíé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
Vmàюăar	Vmàюăe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
tàêwеbàer	tàêwеbàiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
óсṣfiесqr	óсṣfiесqbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ōȳьæõaerr	ōȳьæõaera	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
бúóè'rVьcnar	бúóè'rVьcnábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
dūîtșCSr	dūîtșCSras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
cē'üītçrar	cē'üītçréis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ãțíCemîæеïr	ãțíCemîæеïéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
еôbéçzâсjèr	еôbéçzâсjèse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
·ingиõбr	·ingиõбs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ьșãóíjor	ьșãóíjorías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
süiêбr	süiêбr	V;NFIN;spanish
áôôüïõjâr	áôôüïõjârías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ăюjdçár	ăюjdçáre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
txȳòur	txȳòurá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
șьșṣær	șьșṣæda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
gеvìuеțr	gеvìuеțn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ēl'àúăçhr	ēl'àúăçhremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ȳsîïōșànr	ȳsîïōșàneses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ēīüõиMar	ēīüõиMa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
CnьhVé'ar	CnьhVé'e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
făzCțzvar	făzCțzve	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
âюCîzudю'ur	âюCîzudю'use	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
xé-sãyNбr	xé-sãyNбs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
шêșãj·ūrar	шêșãj·ūráremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
èṣæáô'íiar	èṣæáô'íie	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
üâōeãMïtr	üâōeãMïtré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
oеúfшôarse	oеúfшôen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
iáțçбckerse	iáțçбckidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
âwūCotõõșcr	âwūCotõõșcs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
еhcjāṣéṣædar	еhcjāṣéṣædéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
 qăòçtr	 qăòçtran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ьōíòȳdr	ьōíòȳdse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
·MàlóeNêȳьcar	·MàlóeNêȳьquen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
vcāāNș r	vcāāNș se	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
èMàìzr	èMàìzremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ăíVu'ay'üar	ăíVu'ay'üemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
òNиVеíór	òNиVеíóres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
võa-ṣ·jerir	võa-ṣ·jiriéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Srȳu-r	Srȳu-n	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
'hkúSṣôar	'hkúSṣôes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ãñōșfсиàmr	ãñōșfсиàmba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
càêNyàçar	no càêNyàçes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
íюиvшnēür	íюиvшnēüba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ăzêqе ·īar	ăzêqе ·īéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
mzūjôk-r	mzūjôk-da	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
çüftúìò r	çüftúìò rán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
иnqōæòarse	se иnqōæòuen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
g'òôdSr	g'òôdSsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
tôеgíar	tôеgíé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
h'SViè·ciȳar	h'SViè·ciȳó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
îțCêdvfãăăr	îțCêdvfãăăres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
bp 'uūoì-ôse	me bp 'uūoì-ôé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
'ūțãzr	'ūțãzré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
nhī'uVyьvier	nhī'uVyьviieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
îyiànar	îyiàna	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
 бòüôfиMtáar	 бòüôfиMtáó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ūNpsnṣ иsír	ūNpsnṣ иsín	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
rVñóór	rVñóódas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
hpqüáōõbбțse	os hpqüáōõbбțíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
īôaṣáțr	īôaṣáțba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
hcșīūjíсr	hcșīūjíсba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
fhōxиãar	fhōxиãéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ñlõõāer	ñlõõāeremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Núdaeòzar	no Núdaeòces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
fheéNâéqnr	fheéNâéqnd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
f'ьqōuāsr	f'ьqōuāsríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
Swsjvaiir	Swsjvaiirais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
nrшâsrflr	nrшâsrflndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
õmjbṣir	õmjbṣisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
êâikkr	êâikkras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
èãgt'õtōìr	èãgt'õtōìd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
qeșáюarse	me qeșáюo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
èxMȳor	èxMȳores	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ó-úCюēeō-r	ó-úCюēeō-rán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
gбúī'ūar	no gбúī'ūéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
káüNиer	káüNиan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
mwáāūjCüber	mwáāūjCüya	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ñMüêór	ñMüêóras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
úțüțьkp'glr	úțüțьkp'gldas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
æex·zȳlеbr	æex·zȳlеbdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
vṣìyipqór	vṣìyipqóríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
ñuçâ íarse	se ñuçâ íen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
gшêóюáюьâMar	gшêóюáюьâMen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
бuebțéóiirse	me бuebțéóií	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ìñMăūxbMhar	no ìñMăūxbMhen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ṣçсïüôqțиr	ṣçсïüôqțиre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
uюféurr	uюféurbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
шш oăNar	шш oăNó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
dьMишr	dьMишd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
еygî'îèr	еygî'îèr	V;NFIN;spanish
ȳüCțú·xcar	no ȳüCțú·xque	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
bcrêfюgar	no bcrêfюges	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
·kevòțȳz·иr	·kevòțȳz·иres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
iiMеéyar	iiMеéyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
vhìūicãṣṣr	vhìūicãṣṣbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
MènjüóCr	MènjüóCremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
sбñfmăq·ьar	sбñfmăq·ьásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ьāiéVôōyaиrse	te ьāiéVôōyaиbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ôêpюoir	ôêpюoiríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
èhèēqюōh·ьar	èhèēqюōh·ьa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
шVfawòmysr	шVfawòmysste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
zoâsăf-ñMr	zoâsăf-ñMd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
cãõïjtюqr	cãõïjtюqra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
Vèâïyêèr	Vèâïyêèríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
dбā-'êüèMāar	diбā-'êüèMāo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
tbxêódomMar	no tbxêódomMemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
gçiMñf'arse	nos gçiMñf'áremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
kibõиfêáar	no kibõиfêáéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ūtõīaNoüvôr	ūtõīaNoüvôreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
sáâkāvtôcr	sáâkāvtôcda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
wêMībāāшr	wêMībāāшr	V;NFIN;spanish
wçæfxNáиr	wçæfxNáиmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
qüêēfõîíar	no qüêēfõîíéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
pMáюfóuCṣr	pMáюfóuCṣste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
àVhāòar	àVhāòemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
șyb сhór	șyb сhóra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
шàaSțōó-mr	шàaSțōó-mmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
Màsmõye-mpar	Màsmõye-mpáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
Shçf-ozsóțr	Shçf-ozsóțse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
īōzüõSïáar	īōzüõSïáes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ēíkюōr	ēíkюōrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ãVṣirșkzшcr	ãVṣirșkzшcrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
là·ãṣr	là·ãṣdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
-сāvgr	-сāvgríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
'ț-măēxgõr	'ț-măēxgõría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
jăánāàar	jăánāàáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
õȳșxbVăõNr	õȳșxbVăõNste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
uṣgfȳòōéòacar	no uṣgfȳòōéòaquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
vl'gиéиkecir	vl'gиéиkigamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ooçāgjr	ooçāgjseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
òx wāèVеar	òx wāèVеes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
wïí-ьyr	wïí-ьyr	V;NFIN;spanish
āôo-ăwgar	āôo-ăwgó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
lшеюób'r	lшеюób'ras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
püzñSьdxNrr	püzñSьdxNrréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
nюqîȳeã-Nr	nюqîȳeã-Nre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
'Mñzшór	'Mñzшód	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Mèôoáār	Mèôoáāra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
topNohz ar	topNohz emos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ïkñсhzgür	ïkñсhzgüríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
NeèaaoсcVūar	NeèaaoсcVūen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
wбiíéèur	wбiíéèuese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
иSāfígçеer	иSāfígçеíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
kpèūdfoôr	kpèūdfoôréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ṣьmqṣîdóьarse	nos ṣьmqṣîdóьábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
Sțoáéar	Sțoáéáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ṣêàkïfi-se	se ṣêàkïfi-án	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
õșçțueèr	õșçțueèdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
àóюîmõьr	àóюîmõьra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
bîñyеüggõr	bîñyеüggõrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
бàlеñr	бàlеñría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ēnсiшшеfãnr	ēnсiшшеfãns	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
 măȳúnr	 măȳúnese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
úhzìш·ñr	úhzìш·ñremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
êNlfxoxr	êNlfxoxrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
àâôiïr	àâôiïdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
ṣfõîшclïōr	ṣfõîшclïōban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
akîêCar	akîêCe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
æ-ūc'ggr	æ-ūc'ggste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
îă'gCjfăôr	îă'gCjfăôda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
sáuwcæáúar	sáuwcæáúásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
àwmôȳr	àwmôȳreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
сьuæеíker	сьuæеíkan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
õpăóērhcсSr	õpăóērhcсSmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
i ìюejNr	i ìюejNren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ü·nêțòr	ü·nêțòr	V;NFIN;spanish
íñneqȳēȳālr	íñneqȳēȳālsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
Cywfêr	Cywfêsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
îSèxçSd·xr	îSèxçSd·xremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
knéçMеéwar	knéçMеéwo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
îgüCrrir	îgüCrran	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
oòáā ur	oòáā uba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ăéü·ñr	ăéü·ñríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
юțágòooôse	se юțágòooôán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
òàțu'ṣqô·estir	òàțu'ṣqô·istieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
сúhènrêr	сúhènrêríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
āțōîlNūlīcar	āțōîlNūlīcáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
henêrããar	henêrãão	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
êdàсxçmvor	êdàсxçmvoseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
bdnújtzeīr	bdnújtzeīre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
Sge-âșr	Sge-âșríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
gkúgtr	gkúgtréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
âyсdòțar	âyсdòțe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
èòkphdr	èòkphdren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
stbsrMtyè ar	stbsrMtyè emos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
qșôēèàsxór	qșôēèàsxómos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
еñjmwеîṣollar	еñjmwеîṣuelles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
frõãcūhèar	frõãcūhèásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
fīçæàgrțr	fīçæàgrțrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
rȳmgūūüāqr	rȳmgūūüāqremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
N·шïæñr	N·шïæñd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
eSṣôăāwr	eSṣôăāwra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
úèySâāVar	úèySâāVé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
veMSìvvr	veMSìvvba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
Mèииòvãr	Mèииòvãrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
áē jēMcer	no áē jēMgas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ȳăбu uȳáîSuar	ȳăбu uȳáîSúan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
jw-qçōúar	jw-qçōúáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
 üăôшar	 üăôшes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
zeéțcw-r	zeéțcw-ran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ú'CñеūgMar	no ú'CñеūgMen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
lvúvjr	lvúvjríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
îotMīr	îotMīr	V;NFIN;spanish
úçxalr	úçxalba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
æ tíēoсvṣer	æ tíēoсvṣimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
âòīșjor	âòīșjoremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
d·úCūcáюar	d·úCūcáюes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
Vaôеaēr	Vaôеaērían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
rnzwyōépòõr	rnzwyōépòõses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
òco ī șger	òco ī șgyéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
āçzãōoьôìar	āçzãōoьôìáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
náhȳúьòsr	náhȳúьòsbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
-æșydCîsиmr	-æșydCîsиmremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
āseṣcocar	āseṣcoquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
vȳā qgr	vȳā qgste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ēNшCбásêcer	ēNшCбásêzca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ìfv'ār	ìfv'āren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
evȳòăèsȳfúr	evȳòăèsȳfúr	V;NFIN;spanish
îбzeçqcar	îбzeçqquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ãfïmaïбṣêar	ãfïmaïбṣêáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
àôюæVиr	àôюæVиmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
òиâcNе·'ōur	òиâcNе·'ōuban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
èсōì'haьræar	èсōì'haьræáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ráãuāúaüеarse	me ráãuāúaüеe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
wțâVñMêr	wțâVñMêbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
eS-isélbàr	eS-isélbàrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
uawpб șlrr	uawpб șlreron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ăāNj·x'hür	ăāNj·x'hüre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
fúȳrvpéī ãrse	fúȳrvpéī ãos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
șбvïMăcbr	șбvïMăcbbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
 àmk-ür	 àmk-ür	V;NFIN;spanish
üôșêíиar	üôșêíиáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ь'Cúьór	ь'Cúьón	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
g'úațáuéMr	g'úațáuéMsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
юq vmVr	юq vmVr	V;NFIN;spanish
сméte-ar	сméte-ásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
NzêãyNr	NzêãyNda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ádjóìçr	ádjóìçd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
шkiõækеr	шkiõækеrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
иãnьaêir	иãnьaêáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
fvzãьāēubar	fvzãьāēubó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
cmlohшjbxr	cmlohшjbxron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
eеdòVìñúhr	eеdòVìñúhreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
xîódüpmr	xîódüpmse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
-бCīfbбюâèr	-бCīfbбюâèda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
qnhhбcüaázar	qnhhбcüaáces	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
VNārcdr	VNārcdras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
l-Shuò'qar	l-Shuò'qe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
éMți'țr	éMți'țs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
côñSMr	côñSMran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
lеs húSüîir	lеs húSüîyeseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
üüшêkïcar	üüшêkïque	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
zãgqȳсиr	zãgqȳсиrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
zbúñcṣkr	zbúñcṣkréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
cюoшbzсir	cюoшbzсen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
zpüā·fṣr	zpüā·fṣremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
bȳèNNr	bȳèNNrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
-·ïșūæqcr	-·ïșūæqcran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
neсōaear	neсōaeemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
feNêsâjer	feNêsâje	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ȳdà'șāácar	ȳdà'șāáce	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
țиwnшSe būr	țиwnшSe būse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ēSțsсgîcker	ēSțsсgîckdría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ṣбāmюCàhr	ṣбāmюCàhreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
lьõgăôōȳar	no lьõgăôōȳe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
Náсoñparse	no os Náсoñpéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ăzæōoиеr	ăzæōoиеda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
MâòiеóxVMăr	MâòiеóxVMărías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
īṣrhòhìar	īṣrhòhìábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
eúșégkMшōòr	eúșégkMшōòréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
țçlеtr	țçlеtron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
txācãòăиk-r	txācãòăиk-dos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
jīgāæōïarse	me jīgāæōïo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
иpēuшțVzar	иpēuшțVcemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
óшbwíV  er	no óшbwíV  amos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ôшyūōwr	ôшyūōwren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
 r-ïēxr	 r-ïēxre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
jüqçóōeī-еar	no jüqçóōeī-еemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
veoбôō'ar	veoбôō'emos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
cwrèăzãunār	cwrèăzãunārías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
íш Vqr	íш Vqse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
 suбiōúar	 suбiōúásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
'qsбесăиüár	'qsбесăиüárais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
исwеyr	исwеyron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ïkшêpṣșfēar	ïkшêpṣșfēa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
SMhcêar	SMhcêásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
cбbNбer	cбbNбímos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
MçVṣoșeúr	MçVṣoșeúreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ñàóauêïr	ñàóauêïre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ebōóștçшar	ebōóștçшemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
útfșyar	útfșyéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
V еúáușfuar	no V еúáușfúes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
pSrrșcar	pSrrșces	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
kãêàшbîюr	kãêàшbîюs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
сmúmtSCсьōar	сmúmtSCсьōemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ckáædæãiōìr	ckáædæãiōìras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ãpqàь сir	ãpqàь сían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ăm·сțVсer	ăm·сțVсieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
çàеïiȳer	çàеïiȳiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ézuz-ó-ăover	ézuz-ó-ăueve	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
óïV-ìVlàñoer	óïV-ìVlàñoía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ôwyzéfér	ôwyzéféres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
âdеâtìșqdyr	âdеâtìșqdymos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
cьxMbьar	cьxMbьáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ăïôüсeșer	ăïôüсeședos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
-iūàȳȳìir	no -iūàȳȳìyamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
úîtõlūzïker	úîtõlūzïker	V;NFIN;spanish
eîūNòîr	eîūNòîría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
áCшzççêìàar	áCшzççêìàábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ăôóïсNxr	ăôóïсNxría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
éiobáyñéçr	éiobáyñéçríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
lqìqṣr	lqìqṣríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
āVajȳșvèõêar	no āVajȳșvèõêemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
xêímjïṣāgr	xêímjïṣāgmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ōбNōõgar	ōбNōõgen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
qh'áьōpzar	qh'áьōpce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
kíājhîōCăr	kíājhîōCăre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ékrиțvõr	ékrиțvõrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
f-só·môõîar	f-só·môõîó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
āüm'nr	āüm'nban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
āyãCtștèçar	no āyãCtștèçéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
bïбNænèæēăr	bïбNænèæēăremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
-éïșсúãāqàuar	no -éïșсúãāqàúe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
jōoшvCñáNr	jōoшvCñáNmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
oбālьçîr	oбālьçîban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
òêyíkôlr	òêyíkôld	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
NqèșюjMnãr	NqèșюjMnãremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
rȳō òçr	rȳō òçsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ôȳaïȳr	ôȳaïȳba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
биțõãimhaеr	биțõãimhaеs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
ê-háôaMSюlr	ê-háôaMSюlrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
òCqēôôшnbõr	òCqēôôшnbõra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
èî't'núkwgarse	nos èî't'núkwgábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
еīnénïr	еīnénïba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
èñpишxèr	èñpишxèses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
jòțēș'éеmïr	jòțēș'éеmïste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
rfеōhar	rfеōhen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
kțvVCk-pюīcir	kțvVCk-pюījera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
īmqшæçNr	īmqшæçNd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
füâбȳțáyr	füâбȳțáydos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
a·ṣūìar	a·ṣūìe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
u-çțálwбtțr	u-çțálwбtțbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
aèCñôìòarse	aèCñôìòémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
õиlc-шar	õиlc-шábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ábwyțer	ábwyțisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ìzñеьmăwi·r	ìzñеьmăwi·rías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ānyáеūáōr	ānyáеūáōdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
gàбúuMóṣyr	gàбúuMóṣysteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
yòiyșcMúCoer	yòiyșcMúCoéis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
aюõáuū'r	aюõáuū's	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
īpōсder	īpōсdías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
bcæōшbar	no bcæōшbes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
бñaüиr	бñaüиd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
lrṣēâi·MïCr	lrṣēâi·MïCba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
-ôzéṣur	-ôzéṣuse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
zaиôиjcNu-r	zaиôиjcNu-d	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
díütb бесеr	díütb бесеre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ṣüaüfr	ṣüaüfra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
bïméșș r	bïméșș ses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
jtiьüqpáar	no jtiьüqpáes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ücpюaăertir	ücpюaăierten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
dâæïzcjêr	dâæïzcjêseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
V lféȳсîæíar	V lféȳсîæíáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
m õhūükr	m õhūükra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ígjêбçwăpr	ígjêбçwăpendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
-Mhîíqar	-Mhîíqásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
qēüïimàar	qēüïimàáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
еюaàkMMâèr	еюaàkMMâèd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
y-îæюcáar	no y-îæюcáemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
kōюеïür	kōюеïüda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
jсhàțfuȳar	no jсhàțfuȳuen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ótcē·иеar	ótcē·иеemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
òȳõàôãar	òȳõàôãáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ê'ьcdár	ê'ьcdámos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
pьwllîēvr	pьwllîēvremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
eekсV'æcCcar	eekсV'æcCque	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
qüõïșpbюar	qüõïșpbюemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
àюâūnêșïnçar	no àюâūnêșïnçues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ȳqãúсkōîȳr	ȳqãúсkōîȳres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
sêь·Vébìar	sêь·Vébìe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ōeūôperse	se ōeūôpía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ü'odīcâю·ar	ü'odīcâю·ásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
hиbьí'Vgr	hиbьí'Vgríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
ȳbōbțr	ȳbōbțr	V;NFIN;spanish
iïræиéãîṣæar	iïræиéãîṣæemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
pșéhvMcVar	pșéhvMcVe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ьиàvăVîêvMr	ьиàvăVîêvMd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
иâcôиbêufr	иâcôиbêufré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
oîьṣôytur	oîьṣôytura	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
pNṣk ȳțtr	pNṣk ȳțtríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
fuшôàfêzăюr	fuшôàfêzăюrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
jâkhlșér	jâkhlșéría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
țbâîшñMxúr	țbâîшñMxúron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
áõюsaéеìüir	no áõюsaéеìüyáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
xuSweñbòr	xuSweñbòremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ózüçбw'ar	ózüçбw'a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
çhçиVêfțr	çhçиVêfțs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
àmaōṣCvõr	àmaōṣCvõréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
mgăV-ēer	mgăV-ēiéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ip ш·fṣȳôür	ip ш·fṣȳôüren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ñеlìăgVar	ñеlìăgVo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
éюçfqkir	éюçfqkimos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
NhăüMr	NhăüMre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
шîzpccse	se шîzpccán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
xȳiæìòy'ar	xȳiæìòy'ado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
Văáïuçfr	Văáïuçfba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
·ṣшюefir	·ṣшюeféremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
iõțеCêjēr	iõțеCêjēmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
īиqìõțr	īиqìõțremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
aīōiyiw-erirse	aīōiyiw-iriéndose	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
-üçiȳaür	-üçiȳaümos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
áāьvūîS·óar	áāьvūîS·óe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
ònиSúéȳeqârse	se ònиSúéȳeqâba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
èюszìr	èюszìd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ïjgț r	ïjgț res	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ьçtó er	ьçtó drán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ēìиñȳar	no ēìиñȳe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ehóuâr	ehóuâres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
сMьțaCr	сMьțaCra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
èêūttgar	no èêūttgen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
iâсjăæçêzr	iâсjăæçêzrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
'Vuvqcr	'Vuvqcses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
gē'āñnr	gē'āñnran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
õõbdăjhțr	õõbdăjhțda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
rukuúir	no rukuúamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
CVбlññr	CVбlññr	V;NFIN;spanish
ãшēțāpar	ãшēțāpáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
èūбôcôïoéúar	èūбôcôïoéúáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
çāãajfōèñr	çāãajfōèñdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
vñqed-orse	te vñqed-oste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
иMmиьïeoêr	иMmиьïeoêrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ïcиàmárzеharse	nos ïcиàmárzеháremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
põãîtgàççbcar	no põãîtgàççbques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
zãtñеьñíâir	zãtñеьñíâíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
iюîșēkr	iюîșēkd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
юcbuбjqxçæirse	se юcbuбjqxçæían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
céuæи'ír	céuæи'íere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
cṣèțkvNr	cṣèțkvNdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
üșēṣzmúztr	üșēṣzmúztra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
uMúæízáCñr	uMúæízáCñba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
сìóāúôr	сìóāúôsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
oāüçv'îar	oāüçv'îen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
éțēōṣtar	no éțēōṣten	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
éюyиáāvk·r	éюyиáāvk·seis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ír hhz r	ír hhz ba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
üáàsòar	no üáàsòuemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
êaSreMennnar	êaSreMennnáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
еeеeāṣdṣse	me еeеeāṣdṣé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
еaêêqîr	еaêêqîba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
îCdè ăār	îCdè ăāría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
tcjюkьrxcMr	tcjюkьrxcMríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
qòV·ohеr	qòV·ohеn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
eṣéqìălиertar	eṣéqìălиierta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
hdêflōetr	hdêflōetría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
сjdāèȳēr	сjdāèȳērás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
rȳ-èMōjar	rȳ-èMōje	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
gíòиîir	gíòиîyese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
āMéNãr	āMéNãremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
сrâdlxсgr	сrâdlxсgs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
jyVrи-ièr	jyVrи-ièste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
юodrânēеtar	no юodrânēеtes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
vâxïoșеlúàar	vâxïoșеlúàemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
īSеãèr	īSеãèrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
uSсs'ãzar	uSсs'ãcen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
юh·cē'ãr	юh·cē'ãrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
сè'Vôoшăzür	сè'Vôoшăzüseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
év-vàNæăūār	év-vàNæăūādas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
'tēúqььhòr	'tēúqььhòremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
CăōȳjãMōízar	CăōȳjãMōícéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
jõțgăVr	jõțgăVrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
сjnSèсăr	сjnSèсăran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
óæúūiüæïgr	óæúūiüæïgrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
mîïSbr	mîïSbndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
æçnïa·raūzr	æçnïa·raūzríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
CtVșеfr	CtVșеfmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
Mañtàāor	Mañtàāoré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ēlòèсr	ēlòèсría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ōșcfdxt șkir	ōșcfdxt șkía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
NfMīūãgì-ar	NfMīūãgì-ó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ū bèôȳïü'ür	ū bèôȳïü'ün	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
'Vyс-lcñguar	'Vyс-lcñguáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
dãmyáer	dãmyáan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
c·ăьaíāēбr	c·ăьaíāēбmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
hsaéēkqиhNr	hsaéēkqиhNbais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ēzьVíõõaōr	ēzьVíõõaōría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
ìéüãțñir	ìéüãțñes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
īzṣdиr	īzṣdиrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
Mêîâбr	Mêîâбseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ī'иkNar	ī'иkNó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
шьôõrñzr	шьôõrñzdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
úõòūìar	úõòūìa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ьwk·țúar	ьwk·țúéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
jсpnãêakyar	jсpnãêakyen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
ãūсàṣgzíéose	os ãūсàṣgzíéoíais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
rrwcàSar	rrwcàSe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ãvCóñwxar	ãvCóñwxemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
nócṣuêñüüêer	nócṣuêñüüêiese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
õã-Mjòôiar	õã-Mjòôíense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
kqсgãrse	se kqсgãse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
zsс юesxôzar	no zsс юesxôces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
æyūpófāar	æyūpófāe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
îMējïbse	te îMējïbás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
țgюàīиmāszar	țgюàīиmāscemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
сçшVȳSāSúr	сçшVȳSāSúda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ēsv-бшьr	ēsv-бшьsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ñōkSõбorse	me ñōkSõбoba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
ïxâī-æCбūr	ïxâī-æCбūdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
sxcpōoNzūar	sxcpōoNzūásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
mōSVmar	no mōSVmemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
xíqбиeșar	xíqбиeșa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ьсuæqqver	ьсuæqqvga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
kSgâpehhāar	kSgâpehhāáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ôьrîṣūwcñīr	ôьrîṣūwcñībais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
xïbúbôykūьar	xïbúbôykūьa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
-иuúòMnăar	no -иuúòMnăes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
'îèьîшhxòwr	'îèьîшhxòwrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
ṣvăuīj-fōjenir	ṣvăuīj-fōjiniera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ṣêsyShlvpr	ṣêsyShlvpré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
бîVSçtèãrtr	бîVSçtèãrtremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ágãсtr	ágãсtste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
zōuūõí ear	zōuūõí ees	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
èșiìñir	èșiìñían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
MãñNphlāçentir	MãñNphlāçintamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
iсêiuшьqôеar	iсêiuшьqôеemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
Cõíãuюchar	Cõíãuюchemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ōyâfāeьmVar	ōyâfāeьmVáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ypà·ȳzar	ypà·ȳzáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ülzüõMür	ülzüõMüreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
·еhæSr	·еhæSse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
āéìèMōhcar	no āéìèMōhquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
юoбȳ gar	юoбȳ gáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ūodp''qîr	ūodp''qîrían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
ēȳïï' țMmr	ēȳïï' țMmr	V;NFIN;spanish
Nè-nțïMãèarse	nos Nè-nțïMãèáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ïf MisêșõNr	ïf MisêșõNdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
еôâîôrîr	еôâîôrîseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ēïgиSеìjcar	ēïgиSеìjque	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
Cêh-èjr	Cêh-èjmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
cwōīyar	cwōīyaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
âṣádfr	âṣádfrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
úàbиṣōòqr	úàbиṣōòqrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
ñqȳèpar	no ñqȳèpéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Vtqmīñ èîar	Vtqmīñ èîó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
lyȳсõler	no lyȳсõla	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
îwāêțhìar	no îwāêțhìemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
nçéòíír	nçéòííban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
êbțāfer	êbțāfiera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
nñwîbSkpсr	nñwîbSkpсmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
țqãeNxãeir	țqãeNxãeís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ēræNüzar	ēræNüce	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
MgVqiácse	os MgVqiácais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
v-êtóhr	v-êtóhseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
ăjçáMãse	nos ăjçáMãíamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
àçṣytăar	àçṣytăó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
àyuюiNzar	no àyuюiNces	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
âьțüjar	âьțüjéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ôòvñȳwr	ôòvñȳwrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ēàț SăSzсшar	ēàț SăSzсшa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ôbōnúhCș-õer	ôbōnúhCș-õí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
òmēșsсr	òmēșsсra	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ēôюõrèătVr	ēôюõrèătVbas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ãcȳ·N·Vòyïar	no ãcȳ·N·Vòyïéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Nõnшsjr	Nõnшsjse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
cиáìeāsar	cиáìeāse	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
xōãhṣăáyar	xōãhṣăáyes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
âNājōzītñ·r	âNājōzītñ·endo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
âшéēhr	âшéēhras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
īâq wsăNmr	īâq wsăNmría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
еbCúбãír	еbCúбãís	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
бâivèar	бâivèa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
nVübxjkìьer	nVübxjkìьigan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
mñtæóāṣṣNCar	mñtæóāṣṣNCé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
æббêhSar	æббêhSábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
èñdæшêòȳсr	èñdæшêòȳсste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
òcōcvr	òcōcvrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
VSrsбlr	VSrsбlr	V;NFIN;spanish
ălVy'ær	ălVy'æseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
SxSăюьb-sr	SxSăюьb-sba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
сpūȳsōȳшиīr	сpūȳsōȳшиīmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
wæCakūãr	wæCakūãdos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
еaæn'ār	еaæn'āré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ṣ-ê·VN'er	ṣ-ê·VN'edos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
tMjïfar	no tMjïféis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ânūūzgîșìear	ânūūzgîșìee	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
næиSMàar	næиSMàemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
zfбíkбqr	zfбíkбqrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
VxMnăõir	VxMnăõamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
îóSSé-ōMaèr	îóSSé-ōMaères	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
úáfājr	úáfājndo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
vюçīSar	vюçīSó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
ьkúȳmsr	ьkúȳmsren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
fțēсaçar	no fțēсaçue	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
hȳyéăuvôõoar	hȳyéăuvôõoáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ïñfțuеhшțqr	ïñfțuеhшțqsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
сãdáNar	сãdáNábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
sсãorfar	sсãorfa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
êsíțõīñMar	êsíțõīñMáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
pìé-ēr	pìé-ēr	V;NFIN;spanish
ïsoãóeīr	ïsoãóeīd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
Cæюâеиndár	Cæюâеиndáría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
bñndòīбюêr	bñndòīбюêrá	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
mCfьбсr	mCfьбсste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
æāmuāșāиar	æāmuāșāиé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
mеôбhêoiòr	mеôбhêoiòrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
aéшéьénōr	aéшéьénōse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
â-méSr	â-méSseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
úīíìïêr	úīíìïêran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
gébõșēnr	gébõșēnremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
qṣīēōôar	qṣīēōôáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ljюyêtar	ljюyêten	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
nsȳtiyшṣr	nsȳtiyшṣdo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
xțбrzíюdìír	xțбrzíюdìíría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
anèōõur	anèōõuron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ïSrjúçoVoblar	ïSrjúçoVueble	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
núütéijar	no núütéíjen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
díîcúr	díîcúrás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ējqhM ьar	ējqhM ьáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
īviuó-иçr	īviuó-иçda	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
tCшnèбàNúr	tCшnèбàNún	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
īnь'zīar	īnь'zīe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
N'bgțсljhсr	N'bgțсljhсsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ñôāõ-çюñpr	ñôāõ-çюñpse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
ìь-byæàNúеr	ìь-byæàNúеron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
·răîбidiāār	·răîбidiāāron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ṣçVsçéàеkar	no ṣçVsçéàеkemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
еwădîàeguir	еwădîàiguierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ăю çdr	ăю çds	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
Víúüсṣtar	Víúüсṣtó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
eitȳîúțgrzr	eitȳîúțgrzre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
Vkahdoe'pсar	Vkahdoe'pсáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
àēsăwxāñar	àēsăwxāñe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
íțsinó-xNar	íțsinó-xNábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
êìuūíïCVçr	êìuūíïCVçron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
Coюōrarse	Coюōrémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
iqьàāar	iqьàāáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
țnyããNqбñr	țnyããNqбñdas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
ggбSóò·сór	ggбSóò·сón	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
egmьõur	egmьõuren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
iиqnбиqеoâar	iиqnбиqеoâábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
fêāōṣSfáarse	se fêāōṣSfáa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
bȳzàōr	bȳzàōste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
 gléür	 gléübais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
Cē'òhf·lír	Cē'òhf·líseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
qNçшбz ter	no qNçшбz tas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ūíîvnlgìьecar	no ūíîvnlgìьeques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
mavNSr	mavNSres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ãêòēyarṣar	ãêòēyarṣábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
ēNMzmr	ēNMzmre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
çюkãиõr	çюkãиõse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
Sсoāēoăãsṣar	Sсoāēoăãsṣéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
șïṣSțãāpegir	no șïṣSțãāpijan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
tVòo-r	tVòo-ríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
 Mcīncer	 Mcīncisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
væiCиwrāhar	væiCиwrāhéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
è -иir	è -иieras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
z·aVîjōuar	z·aVîjōuéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
dȳсèconer	dȳсècusierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ïìwám r	ïìwám ren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
Nsьóìúīcmòr	Nsьóìúīcmòres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
ìïxáràecir	ìïxáràijéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ȳízNgеôâ·r	ȳízNgеôâ·ese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
бьkõcāēr	бьkõcāēba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
nuSxfюшr	nuSxfюшseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
'·'Vsqr	'·'Vsqmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
ñfūjшêr	ñfūjшêría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
-yNṣVmсïcar	-yNṣVmсïqué	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ãsalNсr	ãsalNсre	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
a âиñr	a âиñses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
шôюCòôb'r	шôюCòôb'sen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
șm'wdMar	șm'wdMábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
æūna'Coar	æūna'Coé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
íNbèn-iíōr	íNbèn-iíōríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
īoȳèṣnăr	īoȳèṣnăban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
jedgtòar	jedgtòáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
wāñmè-zïr	wāñmè-zïrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ôеúCéver	ôеúCévieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
ãeеæzgfr	ãeеæzgfrías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
cêèljr	cêèljn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
soVșxõèōar	sueVșxõèōo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
еéS'ṣar	еéS'ṣe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
bNãüāìêеicharse	bNãüāìêеíchense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ȳ-ūVæçqVrse	ȳ-ūVæçqVos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
úwqéēímpzar	úwqéēímpcéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
ūuéucSiar	ūuéucSia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
sêcgór	sêcgóra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
êNâьrir	êNâьryeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
úêóēiæhrãсr	úêóēiæhrãсríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
oNSōîr	oNSōîmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
Vatbrgè'sr	Vatbrgè'sra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
lwdCvpfwăàr	lwdCvpfwăàn	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
mC·íãir	mC·íãiba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
àìṣôæ tr	àìṣôæ tera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
cõhюúar	no cõhюúen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
ñȳèVăçidr	ñȳèVăçidron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
àqè-pàr	àqè-pàba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
gṣbóōzNtr	gṣbóōzNtremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
arñьòr	arñьòría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
zeшònшõr	zeшònшõsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
pãxã-ìíюr	pãxã-ìíюse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
êá'ïbzâr	êá'ïbzâban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
иьбmàōãvpr	иьбmàōãvpsen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
еçzídúæar	еçzídúæemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
íuṣêȳfôêr	íuṣêȳfôêban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
îúюuīaçшбr	îúюuīaçшбseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
wtdyōюūr	wtdyōюūre	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
íūuṣīêșõòr	íūuṣīêșõòría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
ēsñș lóïar	ēsñș lóïa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
zțclиr	zțclиeres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
õVñш''émæ-ar	õVñш''émæ-e	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
jxw'nr	jxw'ndo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
qīïūòxr	qīïūòxremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ácâațār	ácâațān	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
óãбhīúsdSdeguir	óãбhīúsdSdiguiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
nãhnor	nãhnoren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
àūõиMxdr	àūõиMxdses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
sюèæsțMqюyr	sюèæsțMqюydo	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
qūṣ·iir	qūṣ·iidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
òxõeюhc-r	òxõeюhc-se	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
áôñ·бr	áôñ·бreis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
rtCșNar	rtCșNábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
Mdyêòâhwr	Mdyêòâhwran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
hh'īõar	hh'īõéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
é'eюсâuarse	se é'eюсâúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
шōmōür	шōmōüban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
óõúūóбr	óõúūóбra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
òhyōìár	òhyōìásteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ăâzôôșyuïr	ăâzôôșyuïse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
íélrșòeSrse	nos íélrșòeSmos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
yrbáсâwr	yrbáсâwmos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
iбāñlíōàòr	iбāñlíōàòr	V;NFIN;spanish
tïbqññ'țar	tïbqññ'țé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
çlшSíkesar	no çlшSíkesemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
ōшaõsVr	ōшaõsVseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
áш-éabиr	áш-éabиste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
țòwgīṣNnêvar	no țòwgīṣNnêve	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
z-îpâāеxar	z-îpâāеxábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
'fhdбltō'her	'fhdбltō'híais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
içjyrr	içjyrron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
dбãîôcur	dбãîôcudas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
еīkăȳtSêăr	еīkăȳtSêăsteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
æõqòṣlîбxr	æõqòṣlîбxd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
zăgjahõêmr	zăgjahõêmrais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
ìṣtîюòíqūr	ìṣtîюòíqūra	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
òăōéбīr	òăōéбīréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ā-Vōóîr dr	ā-Vōóîr dd	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
ābcæòar	no ābcæòéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
VSúшgõgеmïar	VSúшgõgеmïuviste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ncejúoеr	ncejúoеreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
VwtVìâíjr	VwtVìâíjràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
còēèșbīar	còēèșbīéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
·bnõfūîīюár	·bnõfūîīюádes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
aбizсü·fr	aбizсü·frà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
w·еūdvāar	w·еūdvāem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
nMoârncyțr	nMoârncyțren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
fám·īârkthar	fám·īârkthuéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
oш-шāar	oш-шāa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
wáисìçêòcar	wáисìçêòqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
N·yеfçücșur	N·yеfçücșunt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ṣyșwьar-se	ṣyșwьàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
SxèkSbюr	SxèkSbюres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ūțââztumMar	ūțââztumMo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Nêêwsr	Nêêwsts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
cȳōvkjor	cȳōvkjores	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
rNõhàxhâtr	rNõhàxhâtnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
lsāâxшсōòure	lsāâxшсōòguéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
izcôbjă'r	izcôbjă'des	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
òēNxstwêr	òēNxstwêda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
âêюôSôāC'ar	âêюôSôāC'en	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
kdttyr	kdttyts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
badșláēftсar	badșláēftсes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
àxñшîūlqr	àxñшîūlqré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
wêçóṣēCar	wêçóṣēCés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
Vrōuréīkar	Vrōuréīkessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ñáâq·óf ȳcr	ñáâq·óf ȳcm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
nūāMṣōîjar	nūāMṣōîjàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ăNсюMaбqar	ăNсюMaбqí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
еêūēô-uôNar	еêūēô-uôNessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
parèwī'slcr	parewī'slcm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
'sræær	'srææràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
è-éèsar	è-éèsa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
 бmwgīбñàr	 бmwgīбñàreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
Cvòшiar	Cvòшií	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
úVrztâṣar	úVrztâṣem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
īèaиíшūzjṣ-se	īèaиíшūzjṣeu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ioâșjNïíèr	ioâșjNïíèríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
Săvnícáànyer	Săvnícáanyíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Síóõôьcar	Síóõôьquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ãеícdunшîr	ãеícdunшîren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
еzsïdCwVr	еzsïdCwVts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
īéokțjüór	īéokțjüóríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
úkиóhāaáar	úkиóhāaáo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
oônbíбăãr	oônbíбăãm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ūȳrnеCr	ūȳrnеCran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
 lgбáàьțæçr	 lgбáàьțæçr	V;NFIN;catalan
ôzсzgcссbiar	ôzсzgcссbieu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
jldæqar	jldæqem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
țèéfir	țèéfirem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
uozиdr	uozиdríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
māêVoyò-ãâar	māêVoyò-ãâàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
swиj īahar	swиj īahem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
Vōăшюjèiàr	Vōăшюjèiària	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ăpdr'-íçxьure	ăpdr'-íçxьïa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ààVmMçálar	ààVmMçálàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ìi áüàNȳīar	ìi áüàNȳīés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
lvбōâMnьr	lvбōâMnьràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
æNatōar	æNatōi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
hçgāюmr	hçgāюmria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
çuSyü·r	çuSyü·ria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
gún' îìṣór	gún' îìṣória	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
·-Véèиãàr	·-Véèиãàren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ēVsiàȳr	ēVsiàȳva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ēīțdōõiīr	ēīțdōõiīva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
aõCiú șôxr	aõCiú șôxràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
fшmàūūyir	fшmàūūyís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
éqüveȳ-ïr	éqüveȳ-ïria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
țеNléūòóór	țеNléūòóóva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ígVțõme	ígVțõmia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
wõcopòr	wõcopòdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
üwfôúzquar	üwfôúzquéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ôâxNChæșázar	ôâxNChæșázés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
k·ṣrçrgzar	k·ṣrçrgzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ãìȳàòèéar	ãìȳàòèéueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ìțSãñ-īoar	ìțSãñ-īoessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
àсéM·Mбr	àсéM·Mбr	V;NFIN;catalan
btēâōàr	btēâōàrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
s-rêáwōеyx-se	s-rêáwōеyxies	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
æȳõбnsșdre	æȳõбnsșguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
ț-ōkșnhс'èar	ț-ōkșnhс'èàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
fȳòõūìrar	fȳòõūìressin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ahíȳl'rṣãr	ahíȳl'rṣãr	V;NFIN;catalan
'āșlbqòar	'āșlbqòem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
íúúweьmàáțar	íúúweьmàáți	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
шx'çmwñèir	шx'çmwñèí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ò·īīuvôlar	ò·īīuvôlava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
bìwMîr	bìwMîrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
á ōgбar	á ōgбessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
íçōăeir	íçōăeeix	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
íīgmMū-h'шar	íīgmMū-h'шeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ekCCшr	ekCCшríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ēósьkìюür	ēósьkìюüven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ииoNæеhr	ииoNæеhres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
zèсèãar	zèсèãem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ōìkpăCș-dre	ōìkpăCș-gueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
reg·eīæõar	circ·eīæõin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
еāuMīțr	еāuMīțr	V;NFIN;catalan
eìшdóшciar	eìшdóшciàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
aēшìеaclar	aēшìеacleu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
aăïâ'bîúеar	aăïâ'bîúеa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
áækñdèrkpzre	áækñdèrkpzen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
Nqșițtшçar	Nqșițtшçats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
iîçȳīrú бr	iîçȳīrú бran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
òțlúoьбюar	òțlúoьбюà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
krsM·gюnSær	krsM·gюnSæries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ìcmkéõzdre	ìcmkéõzgueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
wàShñkwyr	wàShñkwynt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
elôNòar	elôNòàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
aóaì·gețõér	aóaì·gețõédes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
tēиvvjr	tēиvvjria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
myēvVиr	myēvVиdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
üïCīçqīеȳr	üïCīçqīеȳr	V;NFIN;catalan
vCóēscar	vCóēsquem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
rxaéòōmür	rxaéòōmüves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
h·tèuhxC-ar	h·tèuhxC-àvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ôēsõēеar	ôēsõēеa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
lcqqсâhdar	lcqqсâhdeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
rāè-ààçсyêr	rāè-ààçсyêrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
Sçáyòèæāxșçar	Sçáyòèæāxșces	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ūgcgjèar	ūgcgjèéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
Neȳèér	Neȳèéríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
сьVbïōèêcбar	сьVbïōèêcбàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ȳjçòkăêüar	ȳjçòkăêües	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
cêôьțir-se	cêôьțíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
àsṣdăgбr	àsṣdăgбreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
tkwjCr	tkwjCria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
dьrpvdūîíõre	dьrpvdūîíõéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
iиȳíxar	iиȳíxeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
èô-hmw 'ñõar	èô-hmw 'ñõeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
·qgșxïyar	·qgșxïyà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ā·sNoar	ā·sNoà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
úюñõȳpVir	úюñõȳpVeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
òqí çьar	òqí çьeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ætèȳșôȳȳбrar	ætèȳșôȳȳбrem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
íwíêîăațhvure	íwíêîăațhvguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ïpîțéōéar	ïpîțéōéo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
æõ··ădvçr	æõ··ădvçria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
àéãāéóсar	àéãāéóсessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ïyxțāêr	ïyxțāêva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ãpșxиòir	ãpșxиòís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
núótîar	núótîem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
rțṣòêfgdre	rțṣòêfgíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
'qèãhgar	'qèãhgéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
с-ușçшyêar	с-ușçшyêàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ãqmCeâünr	ãqmCeâünres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
líïæqdqzar	líïæqdqzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Cp·ãьibïȳar	Cp·ãьibïȳueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
éæ īюdcãñr	éæ īюdcãñres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
trȳê òar	trȳê òaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ūzōбlqgNCr	ūzōбlqgNCr	V;NFIN;catalan
ìdсüîóz a·ar	ìdсüîóz a·essin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
zăēzwvïórrer	zăēzwvïorri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ēâ rvțk·bir	ēâ rvțk·bïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
fjvșMéixer	fjvșMeixéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
qmшjōhēxar	qmшjōhēxaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ī·eȳññwōr	ī·eȳññwōva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
·ēțmñïvémr	·ēțmñïvémran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
șaìōăzèôe	șaìōăzèôíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
gtMüwwr	gtMüwwva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
u dóégr	u dóégrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
șōьuñīr	șōьuñīres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
iNgïêüèr	iNgïêüèm	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ndēēir	ndēēiren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
íóuæêеzбr	íóuæêеzбran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
mâæàVMsoar	mâæàVMsoàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
úaèóèеàèìсr	úaèóèеàèìсrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ìlõgākaàtьr	ìlõgākaàtьven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
hâpkõïar	hâpkõïin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
șüvūcqSCar	șüvūcqSCem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
 sâãfcar	 sâãfqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ȳrja-ьavMar	ȳrja-ьavMueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
иærwxăazеtar	иærwxăazеtàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ьVèеáṣgюar	ьVèеáṣgюàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
êüSеlcNcar	êüSеlcNcàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ūgiеbшr	ūgiеbшran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
gюéīúbúmr	gюéīúbúmves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
beшțațe	beшțațien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ìâàāeeñrâir	ìâàāeeñrâíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ïūyfìàṣõósar	ïūyfìàṣõósa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ãmиMqq r	ãmиMqq rem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
nô·üáaьeVvr	nô·üáaьeVvr	V;NFIN;catalan
flbēmсéàar	flbēmсéààvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
wyM ãcar	wyM ãquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
wæi'ū·áèzàar	wæi'ū·áèzàin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
étîüȳ-ьgar	étîüȳ-ьgessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ôM'ívteôīdar	ôM'ívteôīden	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
aìldсMîr	aìldсMîries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
iīòióyenar	iīòióyenïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
vțū·īеfgdoure	vèițū·īеfgdom	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ñúeéhiāāSúar	ñúeéhiāāSúïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
uuühSutdre	uuühSutguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
hōæôqçvбōr	hōæôqçvбōr	V;NFIN;catalan
Sázbôar	Sázbôàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
yçìïnásar	yçìïnáseu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
òеMnhēar	òеMnhēaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
jбNīñúr	jбNīñúríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
õkVâæuïóyar	õkVâæuïóya	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
kéиbâăádube	kéиbâăádubà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ăxиímьêôwre	ăxиímьêôweren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
éjhúīiюïfbr	éjhúīiюïfbria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
uõogbòS'õсjar	uõogbòS'õсgéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
țaēиьюf'Cõir	țaēиьюf'Cõïen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
Mpcõьüòçær	Mpcõьüòçæreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
lõñaímNr	lõñaímNda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
сèhòzâtăf·r	сèhòzâtăf·r	V;NFIN;catalan
áеrioy·ūcar	áеrioy·ūquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ípēïümdre	ípēïümgués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
îuãegekбar	îuãegekбàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
iuMrèīvüzçar	iuMrèīvüzça	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
Võṣhīkȳar	Võṣhīkȳéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
h õălr	h õălgui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ccSúsr	ccSúsria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
èmkMьиîswбr	èmkMьиîswбré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ôVmсenà' юr	ôVmсenà' юda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
-áfșțēqиêȳar	-áfșțēqиêȳo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
uîóxìíaçâr	uîóxìíaçâràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
yáãȳmr	yáãȳmva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
āâupïīãáбjr	āâupïīãáбjnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
vyzьōr	vyzьōva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
âttdtSôîar	âttdtSôîi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ṣmï híеyūīar	ṣmï híеyūīa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ēãtòțar	ēãtòțés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ãṣrōdṣdюdjar	ãṣrōdṣdюdjes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
kSré'ьõar	kSré'ьõés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ădàrṣñNiúar	ădàrṣñNiúis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
êțșúïdre	êțșúïgui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
CìîcVr	CìîcVr	V;NFIN;catalan
сíю'ēéar	сíю'ēéàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
èeșxVūюar	èeșxVūюàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
 qțбsczCór	 qțбsczCóssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
oeșs ìMюpar	oeșs ìMюpàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
eīïpюr	eīïpюràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
òevfVqar	òevfVqàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
CpèíjsVáar	CpèíjsVáà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ojçôсьidáèixer	ojçôсьidáegueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
qюшqìr	qюшqìu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
zеôãbțbkr	zеôãbțbkran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
oюvșx·âr	oюvșx·âríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ñcādõéãóCr	ñcādõéãóCnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ãVrиâār	ãVrиâār	V;NFIN;catalan
bwgé șсãñr	bwgé șсãñreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
rțéiSdèxar	rțéiSdèxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
iȳN-ôôãjkr	iȳN-ôôãjkt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ìeyh r	ìeyh ries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ă·'æfuîеar	ă·'æfuîеà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
kVîuсíюсxr	kVîuсíюсxré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
üábqūr	üábqūr	V;NFIN;catalan
'īшêȳfar	'īшêȳfo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
eсjsȳæìMōr	eсjsȳæìMōria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
vī-kkī'ye	vī-kkī'ye	V;NFIN;catalan
újõatюãkr-se	újõatюãkm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ădușōznõākar	ădușōznõākeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
jlrìVyr	jlrìVyva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
pèșîáf òr	pèșîáf òves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
сvïìrêāwCàar	сvïìrêāwCàessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ȳiVVkr	ȳiVVkves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
шfpюNсьòăêr	шfpюNсьòăêré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
bhngiáădre	bhngiáăia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
lṣpēãīçr	lṣpēãīçria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
xōéçü'qìar	xōéçü'qìà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ăсkVyar	ăсkVyessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
-mnfștuhīir	-mnfștuhīí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
Nīéqçeṣre	Nīéqçeṣin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
jtymãêбūr	jtymãêбūves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
Săêwṣfttir	Săêwṣfttí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
·ìêeçòюõr	·ìêeçòюõrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
·ileaиțèâr	·ileaиțèâva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ïvsāòpé-r	ïvsāòpé-t	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
oáCçáиr	oeáCçáиxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
cūсaayr	cūсaayren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ōâyâсrăеēшcar	ōâyâсrăеēшquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ô·еéüбсar	ô·еéüбсem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
mēyïyeãàæar	mēyïyeãàæueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ògōṣõgă·rîure's	t'ògōṣõgă·rîgueres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
wüüõüar	wüüõüessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
bçïõбnбtr	bçïõбnбtrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
õăèsíchSbar	õăèsíchSbessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
óōcúьr	óōcúьres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ñæòșyar	ñæòșyàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
òêæēeūr	òêæēeūràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
hбflш-b ar	hбflш-b àreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
îejvgú·rr	îejvgú·rria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
шîgátюïc-ér	шîgátюïc-ént	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
çCvūfkNcar	çCvūfkNqués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
pб'xyñr	pб'xyñríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
s-éqjèsíòîr	s-éqjèsíòîria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
vMMdșónñr	vMMdșónñves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
·duãzar	·duãza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
и·ūшütCj·hr	и·ūшütCj·hven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
pgиqīâar	pgиqīâà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
çpē·еóèüāir	çpē·еóèüāíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Müzínūêūr	Müzínūêūríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
oюNkMȳr	oюNkMȳr	V;NFIN;catalan
ṣwíVtțōшȳíe	ṣwíVtțōшȳíà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
yqlătíṣr	yqlătíṣr	V;NFIN;catalan
ò'y-aсēèvenir	ò'y-aсēèvingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ōxīìlíkȳcr	ōxīìlíkȳcres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
юьgșoar	юьgșoi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
kNīaōā cсēr	kNīaōā cсēr	V;NFIN;catalan
àb-êVăcar	àb-êVăqui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ñòz'phèar	ñòz'phèa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
-vézjdòьcar	-vézjdòьcen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
găâõȳkâījar	găâõȳkâīgin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
сàklștsákar	сàklștsáko	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
-éīúõmïCar	-éīúõmïCem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ṣiNyȳVíxnr	ṣiNyȳVíxnria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
úoyçtòortir	úoyçtòurt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
íī'ó· ir	íī'ó· eixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
hçțēеxutar	hçțēеxutàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Cawnè·ūеçòr	Cawnè·ūеçòràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
lcsqșre	lcsqșeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
īõoeuñr	īõoeuñríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
b-иvșá шar	b-иvșá шa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
cюzàm-'æure	cюzàm-'æguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
āáãéaüar	āáãéaüem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
NèmvxgNVóir	NèmvxgNVóí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ēiēsyar	ēiēsyeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
шCбâ·t-áar	шCбâ·t-áin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
üldCühdéôr	üldCühdéôren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
õpvzū·ar	õpvzū·o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ȳVьçìcSïèьendre	ȳVьçìcSïèьès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
òāüpōòfбcar	òāüpōòfбquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
иkkõîьwir	иkkõîьweixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
oе'qyír	oе'qyíen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
VбmMxhșMmar	VбmMxhșMmin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
 ãv ūxar	 ãv ūxàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
õèvVâȳòzoôr	õèvVâȳòzoôr	V;NFIN;catalan
ehbū èkoõõar	ehbū èkoõõem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ünшṣtòdre	ünшṣtòguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
āăūâzīбêuér	āăūâzīбêuéreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ṣmpoьr	ṣmpoьríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
țeMașar	țeMașà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ābml'çar	ābml'cen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
óиéoeãendre	óиéoeãès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ēxaîâfar	ēxaîâféssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
 íeSnсdà-ar	 íeSnсdà-i	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
hāqaèṣure	havāqaèṣm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ñāgõ·ìxlōar	ñāgõ·ìxlōem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
nbиțьüVar	nbиțьüVuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
u-úNñór	u-úNñóda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
ñryéиõir	ñryéиõí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
țktosSr	țktosSven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
áьēьCṣōșlr	áьēьCṣōșlrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
âṣēSōejü'r	âṣēSōejü'reu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
āaaôюMxar	āaaôюMxi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ñkçòșе ·kr	ñkçòșе ·kries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ūūьêjr	ūūьêjven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
yVïьбïr	yVïьбïnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
õVеC-ar	õVеC-eu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
tbkñmánSșzr	tbkñmánSșzda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
sēkââlbhāțcar	sēkââlbhāțqueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
шеòшMçеir	шеòшMçеíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
 ădeюcar	 ădeюquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ôCūóoāшșïr	ôCūóoāшșïr	V;NFIN;catalan
ãèò'uīṣpir	ãèò'uīṣpïssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
õās·álеrúr	õās·álеrúven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
úēuvóñãbб·ar	úēuvóñãbб·i	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
vuăêюoVzlēr	vuăêюoVzlēr	V;NFIN;catalan
sì xVdóar	sì xVdóés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
fCиâôíhrr	fCиâôíhrnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
dúеCSòбr	dúеCSòбven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ïțüîlîwCțȳar	ïțüîlîwCțȳés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
сățCéwãlar	сățCéwãluis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
úubãàtr	úubãàtssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
î-ūdеçMr	î-ūdеçMres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
șбãāñnáãr	șбãāñnáãríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
æ ãxеs·èM-r	æ ãxеs·èM-ré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
āukbtjâșvюr	āukbtjâșvюries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
jóțīñă ar	jóțīñă àreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ṣàhàçfúSar	ṣàhàçfúSés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ăjoèîáṣar	ăjoèîáṣàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
khșêkб-ar	khșêkб-eu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
èeеuб ar	èeеuб em	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
róшïjaoéar	róшïjaoéés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
iilmimjțèncer	iilmimjțencérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
álíóãîàvâr	álíóãîàvâríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
àâtșpar	àâtșpés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
gxâúôṣvir	gxâúôṣvíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
 æuwüer	 æuwüeré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
qâ·uìēzir	qâ·uìēzeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
fzīzșâōțgure	fzīzșâōțggui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ovēejïōr	ovēejïōda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
áõāîáir	áõāîáís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
ò y'юîbūìfar	ò y'юîbūìfà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
юçtēdqmíțr	юçtēdqmíțran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ēâ ūçr	ēâ ūçnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
uïpeеdre	uïpeеies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
dpōîūījar	dpōîūīgis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ïoCwwènæиar	ïoCwwènæиa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
oîSсșoñar	oîSсșoño	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
бсȳáúkêūCar	бсȳáúkêūCà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
b-kāсòbèr	b-kāсòbèré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
cçîNеõéīqr	cçîNеõéīqr	V;NFIN;catalan
æìuí'jr	æìuí'jnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ăíиzpиìr	ăíиzpиìnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
swxīȳr	swxīȳdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
бьkoьr	бьkoьa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
шòeúòwă-ī-se	шòeúòwă-īeu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
bôūVéòMar	bôūVéòMà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
иeNțиoliāCar	иeNțиoliāCeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
 ·бìqsüópr	 ·бìqsüópria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
íwāéVr	íwāéVré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
frâиèúyyîr	frâиèúyyîrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
òșvdsr	òșvdsrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ãágazVu·üóar	ãágazVu·üóàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
țàéàjâȳir	țàéàjâȳíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
yzõïșюlăar	yzõïșюlăis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
CN·ȳúñьr	CN·ȳúñьdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
'q-âōáîîr	'q-âōáîîrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
gãшCбīsñr	gãшCбīsñré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
íōôюьVdtr	íōôюьVdtria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
M ìuсywar	M ìuсywem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
æhxāor	æhxāories	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
SzmăNüōàīēr	SzmăNüōàīēr	V;NFIN;catalan
íàcñorșar-se	íàcñorșis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ьgjíăūóêar	ьgjíăūóêàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
Cñ úúìar	Cñ úúìàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
sīâôvir-se	sīâôvíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
Sdюâjìmïenir	Sdюâjìmïindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ṣōșóoбSr	ṣōșóoбSran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
paȳímvid·ó-se	paȳímvid·óàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
íṣcēșar	íṣcēșa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
еaNóōеюar	еaNóōеюessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
mhálèôиar	mhálèôиem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
еêéoséjuCuar	еêéoséjuCuui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
CdéjVá·-se	CdéjVá·en	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
Cñșgñoțq-par	Cñșgñoțq-pés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
mīètyhar	mīètyhen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
üjõlòer	üjõlòeran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ksjaêar	ksjaêes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
êñNrâr	êñNrâràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
xvȳбāāõMNMar	xvȳбāāõMNMis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
бügCôar	бügCôin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ïсôиábīür	ïсôиábīüreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
bòaāбòre	bòaāбòi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
îhzīéVā·óțar	îhzīéVā·óțessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
fVwr êNs-r	fVwr êNs-r	V;NFIN;catalan
æōjæïūar	æōjæïūuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ñrüèūdlüăюar	ñrüèūdlüăюin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
éSõсfsóòúar	éSõсfsóòúessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ēș·bqșr	ēș·bqșts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
еMSшṣhwwir	еMSшṣhwwí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
gfnáюzíe	gfnáюzííem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
xóüìixr	xóüìixria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ăãeprețjar	ăãeprețges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ȳеnõpáb-ar	ȳеnõpáb-em	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
șfwgūijar	șfwgūigeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
āàoьeíãr	āàoьeíãrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
yxțădqîár	yxțădqîárien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
fnhxüM'r	fnhxüM'ran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
àюvíæpæõõсr	àюvíæpæõõсres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
vüçá·âear	vüçá·âeessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ãtágīșьxr	ãtágīșьxries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
иāúeóè·иar	иāúeóè·иem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ēvēīăohzvCar	ēvēīăohzvCéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
kmròbcìr	kmròbcìríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
jaiiṣñóțîìèixer	jaiiṣñóțîìeixeran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
piaâьkúr	piaâьkúries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
pãsâîvr	pãsâîvr	V;NFIN;catalan
oVldújVær	oVldújVærà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
úèòúâюar	úèòúâюen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
rdíîôkjr	rdíîôkjrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
páìxìálr	páìxìálrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
zhcàбèīMïr	zhcàбèīMïrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ūúhăscar	ūúhăsquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
· èím üșnr	· èím üșndes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
èúpшíüir	èúpшíüís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
õMеh-éicāír	õMеh-éicāíria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ó-hwuìhár	ó-hwuìháven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
uāíüșñkwūar	uāíüșñkwūem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
șNîwkéīṣr	șNîwkéīṣrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
çuȳșlюnir	çuȳșlюnireu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
îmiõсaæVăòr	îmiõсaæVăòries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
hdìlcbfr	hdìlcbfr	V;NFIN;catalan
lfjúîtеnțñr	lfjúîtеnțñt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ææxõóNеar	ææxõóNеin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
kшN'lqr	kшN'lqnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
āç·ȳòaссfr	āç·ȳòaссfva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
láymoèedqü-se	láymoèedqüan	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ăNümшṣjvhar	ăNümшṣjvhem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
fta xе бeăar	fta xе бeăes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
'lôūczífr	'lôūczífria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
юrCkòdiær	юrCkòdiæves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
qîàhóōir	qîàhóōeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ānèqmhvhjlir	ānèqmhvhjlïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
șztéeoér	șztéeoét	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ôxñ-bdre	ôxñ-bguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ïNō àêCāșr	ïNō àêCāșm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
uюz'ьxar	uюz'ьxàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
юçolșțèixer	юçolșțegueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
oahzCdtívNr	oahzCdtívNts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
'âōòvïr	'âōòvïria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
êpéæztebr	êpéæztebm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ăбx'ear	ăбx'ea	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
wCCízșMeNuar	wCCízșMeNuin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ūõkM·bètr	ūõkM·bètssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
âōdubïòçiюr	âōdubïòçiюva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ászãîṣoar	ászãîṣoem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ō·ṣãjьшSțar	ō·ṣãjьшSțen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ljlSôïpwp ir	ljlSôïpwp ïu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
náfbègr	náfbègres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
çúèbrūr	çúèbrūres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
eюzôеēâkær	eюzôеēâkænt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ōâsæiьеik·r	ōâsæiьеik·des	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
óī êīüür	óī êīüürà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
àsîюшzrṣôqr	àsîюшzrṣôqen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ēN-ãg·ar	ēN-ãg·àrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ócfìеuar	ócfìеui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ṣēòexījure	ṣēòexījguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
юbtNõbr	юbtNõbreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
hīïdbõqgrzr	hīïdbõqgrzreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
ēēkñșìlõlér	ēēkñșìlõlér	V;NFIN;catalan
vàüāréșar	vàüāréșes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
jkúæVfar	jkúæVfessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
úkī· 'ínșr	úkī· 'ínșries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ămcklīüVr	ămcklīüVren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ìàwSōmNMear	ìàwSōmNMeí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
бшâeêьfxyar	бшâeêьfxyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
üиãugr	üиãugran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
cēsóssir	cēsóssïu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ôȳxюьqaãe	ôȳxюьqaãà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
cîиótôar	cîиótôàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
īиuã'Múbqсcar	īиuã'Múbqсquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
áMCиMar	áMCиMa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ômpáāьæfr	ômpáāьæfva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
üī''Cúàr	üī''Cúària	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
dúüvõMòar	dúüvõMòi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
lшțēcúer	lшțēcúeré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
dāNиюMūṣșēr	dāNиюMūṣșēren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ōсüșSlr	ōсüșSlts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
cēșqíre	cēșqíi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
tæēãñбar	tæēãñбéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
úfuxòSgr	úfuxòSga	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
sC'ò·puīãar	sC'ò·puīãi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
tàōōèar	tàōōèi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
jVēxngz-e·ar	jVēxngz-e·éssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
ēo·еçõñàar	ēo·еçõñàin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
æìpkбêбir	æìpkбêбiu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
-übâț āse	-übâț āsàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
xȳéăè-șcar	xȳéăè-șà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
бôujéCar	бôujéCarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
sюdmcr	sюdmcva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
сāш ééеupr	сāш ééеupves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
eCесwcar	eCесwqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
pôoèиюhifrre	pôoèиюhifria	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
m-lеNьr	m-lеNьda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
rèâpêxir	rèâpêxeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ãèoé Nūȳér	ãèoé Nūȳéda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
xюīxáîíóNñar	xюīxáîíóNñem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
námjиèir	námjиèïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
qjōêéæшmoar	qjōêéæшmoo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ețñoameãr	ețñoameãré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ăășìpêūr	ăășìpêūríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
ôæpïkîṣNuêar	ôæpïkîṣNuêàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
'feсhéar	'feсhéa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
vbsțèáúá'âar	vbsțèáúá'âeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
șèxéMmr-se	șèxéMmt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
úiV·sVaeãàr	úiV·sVaeãària	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
'qCék-âxór	'qCék-âxória	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
шãk far	шãk fí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
uьá āSgīar	uьá āSgīis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
áôюțbár	áôюțbárà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
сnìtjçtdïēçar	сnìtjçtdïēcí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
uîî-áVеdre	uîî-áVеguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ì'nNìæôr	ì'nNìæôran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
òMȳșdc'·ir	òMȳșdc'·í	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
aoçxāsnсr	aoçxāsnсu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
õâбādtüenir	õâбādtüingudes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
 oãtesr	 oãtesreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
иòxchиfr	иòxchиfríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
æālcéìçr	æālcéìçdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ȳlăüțlar	ȳlăüțlà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
xoиăêSar	xoиăêSí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
êìã ōçar	êìã ōçar	V;NFIN;catalan
ovçăюшCzéNdre	ovçăюшCzéNguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
Nzpōī·yar	Nzpōī·yes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
gêcuVar	gêcuVi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ïï·ȳăr	ïï·ȳăria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ьjеlúçimar	ьjеlúçimem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
néṣīNēïnuȳr	naṣīNēïnuȳria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
eāíиfîиéàr	eāíиfîиéàves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
hīñvgSr	hīñvgSré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ntNbVéìбãar	ntNbVéìбãessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
íиMеīgșțjçr	íиMеīgșțjçrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
бüîьõar	бüîьõem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
qalòíwdíюSr	qalòíwdíюSres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
·Vwçqâōezr	·Vwçqâōezva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
Nōoõár	Nōoõám	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
·ăsиêțñ ar	·ăsиêțñ aràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
NçrCkïcSar	NçrCkïcSéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
úȳñoüīpMar	úȳñoüīpMeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
úшohìyeSūar	úшohìyeSūà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
w' āqáācātre	w' āqáācāt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
șfè țсmar	șfè țсmes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
'uēôMșar	'uēôMșàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
qíñ·gar	qíñ·ges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
aбy'ávr	aбy'ávts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ȳqițuèãar	ȳqițuèãin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
SwzșçеSir	SwzșçеSeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
cêююxar	cêююxa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ómæȳесdṣir	ómæȳесdṣïssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
t·SbïCCèmòr	t·SbïCCèmòda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
iaàбlōūr	iaàбlōūva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
wāшсṣæîèixer	wāшсṣæîeixeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
dюôūáar	dюôūáa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
бáшțwvvuâar	бáшțwvvuâàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
jmvȳìr	jmvȳìràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
țьșkNеkgNkr	țьșkNеkgNkrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
hșkgúpăure	hșkgúpău	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
úêiàășr	úêiàășríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
сīьSōl qãaar	сīьSōl qãaeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
юeбăшyCr	юeбăшyCres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
сqmnCbar	сqmnCbo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ücxéz e-ar	ücxéz e-a	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
Năüámufr	Năüámufu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ñgyuиеzCjбar	ñgyuиеzCjбeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
oюS·еītar	oюS·еītà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
mxüêeāêar	mxüêeāêem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ȳõukuVèixer	ȳõukuVeguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
féçîēüksure	féçîēüksguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
ìaшufogr	ìaшufogven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ur'ăс·Căr	ur'ăс·Căria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
Sôȳăēṣsóæçar	Sôȳăēṣsóæça	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
òíõ-âçpípzre	òíõ-âçpípzí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
-ăxrNScar	-ăxrNScem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
p еèiàdюer	p еèiàdюeves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
àlõãu·çdïmar	àlõãu·çdïmem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
dórūēhìiSir	dórūēhìiSí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
țṣoówtïSar	țṣoówtïSàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
Cțêāvētȳè r	Cțêāvētȳè ran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
dzeVìVáеr	dzeVìVáеren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
îюбñür	îюбñüssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
qkxț'íñoīe	qkxț'íñoīíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
oáyāēNīer	oáyāēNīaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
erṣhxççșyțr	erṣhxççșyțves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
găfNбaóȳсVar	găfNбaóȳсVin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ihzuèéééăar	ihzuèéééăis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
șNēbȳòhеgenir	șNēbȳòhеgindríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
шõpюVar	шõpюVés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
eñăóq-se	eñăóqes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
âqNxò-ṣdre	âqNxò-ṣguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
hèṣMmьyбir	hèṣMmьyбiven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
æêi'сrïr	æêi'сrïr	V;NFIN;catalan
dSnbyyā·e	dSnbyyā·ien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
õеîáíNōoàzr	õеîáíNōoàzré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
èdêбnrr	èdêбnrm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
úюyôínúúr	úюyôínúúrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
сïēьCiñеóáar	сïēьCiñеóáeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
âæfæāevîăéar	âæfæāevîăéo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
âēSvznbtar	âēSvznbta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
íócxæpar	íócxæpessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
юrãqюécr	юrãqюécries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
с-ói ãr	с-ói ãria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
cgшmïìr	cgшmïìdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ēșnwxüv c-r	ēșnwxüv c-va	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
skaсNr	skaсNts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ōqNjqr-se	ōqNjqssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ṣàqSuclеtuir	ṣàqSuclеtuíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
ñrсzóõ'ar	ñrсzóõ'eu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
Mgúиôh'car	Mgúиôh'quí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
-ăledãoir	-ăledãoits	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
xhēmdâenir	xhēmdâindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ūș'ș âar	ūș'ș âeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
sāòeæïr	sāòeæïrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
·șütlññqNlure	·șütlññqNlies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
fvü mьāòîàar-se	fvü mьāòîàes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
âjVpçūar	âjVpçūeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ìmū·eámn·car	ìmū·eámn·queu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
îmêuèrr	îmêuèrr	V;NFIN;catalan
kfеiuqr	kfеiuqràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ìбæōьōïgVir	ìбæōьōïgVeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ybeçtú-er	ybeçtú-erà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
rfāVшVar	rfāVшVem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
āoшșêüajóe	āoшșêüajóia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ü-' -ìar	ü-' -ìa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
Mōūoиtgqeăr	Mōūoиtgqeăràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
éòzáсSear	éòzáсSeem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
CxîürtuàCvr	CxîürtuàCvres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
o-M·óbar	o-M·óbàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
юwVsmсhr	юwVsmсhríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
üeìCtnuir	üeìCtnueixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
шææ·oșær	шææ·oșærà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
еõèōhïcшtcar	еõèōhïcшtquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
merèюīCàȳȳr	mereюīCàȳȳré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
òōōăūgdVVyr	òōōăūgdVVyssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ìюшtюà·r	ìюшtюà·ries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
a ȳьūoejqr	a ȳьūoejqt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
áãñéaïêâure	áãñéaïêâvent	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
qçsṣăāoqr	qçsṣăāoqrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
joqlòébr	joqlòébda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
и o ȳndre	и o ȳn	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
qNьóïspar	qNьóïspo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
MzfȳéntúqVr	MzfȳéntúqVria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
MgSàeMüōàar	MgSàeMüōààreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
âçlqndquâìar	âçlqndquâìí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
hNCéear	hNCéeeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
íсófqîшar	íсófqîшem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
'ídhçsшSShr	'ídhçsшSShran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ryMăāymōxr	ryMăāymōxreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
hñüшu'zīñr	hñüшu'zīñries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
 osèúr	 osèúren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ìyēō âeèir	ìyēō âeèeixen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
cêìtVfMwgoar	cêìtVfMwgoi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
īæȳеslur	īæȳеsluries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
ñVîēăzюnar	ñVîēăzюnàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
iúCò·yṣæcar	iúCò·yṣæceu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
o cãClṣr	o cãClṣts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
īïш·mñar	īïш·mñi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
gî éиkkir	gî éиkkeixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
īìêünr	īìêünran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
íMcõшtenir	íMcõшtindria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
únpk-țṣâcūar	únpk-țṣâcūueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
иôьțaar	иôьțain	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
uoóеuсúr	uoóеuсúreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
zMьæ·hmevr	zMьæ·hmevrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
сȳjyMéwсar	сȳjyMéwсuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
çbàècōúïcar	çbàècōúïquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ïéòșjnMddre	ïéòșjnMdíeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
àìțàwusìюrr	àìțàwusìюrr	V;NFIN;catalan
zjòюpиâãibr	zjòюpиâãibrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
dṣâcōnr	dṣâcōnreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
tgiиSūcșâar	tgiиSūcșâessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ôìávqóVdir	ôìávqóVdeixin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
ш-kêìkuv-çar	ш-kêìkuv-cem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
m-Cōòôōènyer	m-Cōòôōenyéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
Sælīțpìcar	Sælīțpìqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ïюpсMōțȳr	ïюpсMōțȳva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
șôìîér	șôìîéré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
шāòiçnr	шāòiçnr	V;NFIN;catalan
юdbdhoьpē·ar	юdbdhoьpē·àrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ōnôrōzeõwеr	ōnôrōzeõwеria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
qã·kе ar	qã·kе eu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
úuêиfèr	úuêиfèdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
jcgcyür	jcgcyüts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
âêifs ūfr	âêifs ūfts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
k·dzïcS·ar	k·dzïcS·eu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ãèü·C vCr	ãèü·C vCva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ṣCndбìfíбar	ṣCndбìfíбo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
lyñêè'ar	lyñêè'eu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
rīaNсиar	rīaNсиis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
VōииéñhCȳ'r	VōииéñhCȳ'rien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
aīi'óñïúcuar	aīi'óñïúcuàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
æSrúêâóâxàar-se	æSrúêâóâxào	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ìúòbюæáṣбīdre	ìúòbюæáṣбīen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
gpqeюìāar	gpqeюìāessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
NpMméè ære	NpMméè æí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ljcVșș-ăSr	ljcVșș-ăSda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
юub·ñōir	юub·ñōeixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ăēhçămr	ăēhçămríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
āи-vшuar	āи-vшüessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ōáMçwar	ōáMçwessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ț·pïìe	ț·pïìe	V;NFIN;catalan
îpēāсuar	îpēāсuàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
kñmsț uюçȳar	kñmsț uюçȳi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
tvîqíōtstúe	tvîqíōtstúia	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
шиfçzr	шиfçzts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
êâdlpxē-бьr	êâdlpxē-бьríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
'óâìțtīțr	'óâìțtīțva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
éñâyibr	éñâyibríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
qrmjzdюjr	qrmjzdюjria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
mṣxēāNmaṣhar	mṣxēāNmaṣhem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
иmoеüȳròqdre	иmoеüȳròqeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
kô·Cсzéir	kô·Cсzéirà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
frș·òcar	frș·òqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ée·âбpr	ée·âбpran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
õи·șlr	õи·șlr	V;NFIN;catalan
īSюkchzиcar	īSюkchzиcessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
êãăçàar	êãăçàem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
rmpēhîṣNhyar	rmpēhîṣNhyés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
ìшoсrr	ìшoсrrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
VgēSșCar	VgēSșCéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
țvãьM s'bar	țvãьM s'ba	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
qîìæmCиmar	qîìæmCиmi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
Ndññ'í'lar	Ndññ'í'lessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
бpvíxā-ar	бpvíxā-àvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ьzȳòēèшиr	ьzȳòēèшиssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ï·aqpdre	ï·aqpguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
Vhi·v tr	Vhi·v trien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
иlôçюьar	иlôçюьàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
féíãiсSnîsjar	féíãiсSnîsgéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
-ïMâdюnțar	-ïMâdюnțés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
òsyóāînț uar	òsyóāînț uessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ṣиādêr	ṣиādêva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
·çюțíyr	·çюțíyves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ȳíôăâdjar	ȳíôăâdgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
cāmēqcxñar	cāmēqcxñes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
zyăe'сre	zyăe'сut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
vpìedar	vpìedà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
vô ··môèēNar	vô ··môèēNí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
sсóCṣwьr	sсóCṣwьt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
ēcoшVêю õítre	ēcoшVêю õít	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
nçæCææôr	nçæCææôes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
-hиbçzfrçhr	-hиbçzfrçhva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
àjóh r	àjóh ran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
æēèîи'ēшr	æēèîи'ēшres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
dîmēīæggnwr	dîmēīæggnwr	V;NFIN;catalan
Sãaèkьìar	Sãaèkьìin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
obеñāar	obеñāis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
óCòwșòr	óCòwșòts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
dúțāшâȳyòSar	dúțāшâȳyòSàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
àeàM'āṣmuar	àeàM'āṣmui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
īōfíSr	īōfíSr	V;NFIN;catalan
oì mālñfúîr	oì mālñfúîva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
-toāūtjâr	-toāūtjâren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ōïVzüôar	ōïVzüôeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
Mh·ȳērбîôr	Mh·ȳērбîôran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
íсVțóьсюār	íсVțóьсюāria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
òьêí'r	òьêí'ven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
-üüjçêaòóre	-üüjçêaòóin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
fūăuõêôwar	fūăuõêôwin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
îgNêoēsuūr	îgNêoēsuūren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
çìzsиhk ațar	çìzsиhk ațeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
æū-êāàâòìar	æū-êāàâòìés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
еyuæzjMè'har	еyuæzjMè'hí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
eìēòçṣípar	eìēòçṣípuin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
сãñlāwoyr	сãñlāwoyran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
șoиyījéNar	șoиyījéNat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
āvmȳõpȳr	āvmȳõpȳrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ïēсìSèixer	ïēсìSeguis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
kçôāoqwfeyar	kçôāoqwfeyeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
'бúgVr-se	'бúgVda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
иiNúèmьеcar	иiNúèmьеquessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
-ìăNvîzVar-se	-ìăNvîzVí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
jîç-jvìar	jîç-jvìàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
lsèòSgMdr	lsèòSgMdts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
eāțdzr	eāțdzré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ìāéfgșrSar	ìāéfgșrSi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
awbeōïr	awbeōïríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
ēeóȳfîxar	ēeóȳfîxeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
x·CōM·ôбāyenir	x·CōM·ôбāyingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
âá'amêīṣar	âá'amêīṣà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
sïiăēțlqōir	sïiăēțlqōeix	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ăīшōṣr	ăīшōṣren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
ō·'ácțar	ō·'ácța	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ȳdôõuVér	ȳdôõuVér	V;NFIN;catalan
ãìāõbsnar	ãìāõbsni	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
nsôuêmúr	nsôuêmúdes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
wшț'é'áóõpr	wшț'é'áóõpren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
jiūțtqir	jiūțtqís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
iVñæюàfr	iVñæюàfva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
wuеôбxaeouar	wuеôбxaeouin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
oríūvopar	oríūvopem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
baòjșnêaar	baòjșnêaa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
ăâgáNMïòàêr	ăâgáNMïòàênt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ègãèjãêr	ègãèjãêva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
héôó púyir	héôó púyeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
vçgzãr	vçgzãria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
óōozūàсqьr	óōozūàсqьren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
-Mæț·ar	-Mæț·essin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
âò'vūеī æor	âò'vūеī æot	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
vhSūSjqsdre	vhSūSjqsgué	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
rhóṣõbāюṣar	rhóṣõbāюṣéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
m'sèéсkшюr	m'sèéсkшюven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ьṣnyqmar	ьṣnyqmàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
юîèìâéîar	юîèìâéîeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
zg'ăònlâeàe	zg'ăònlâeàà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ṣsqбòôhóêr	ṣsqбòôhóêríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
sõeaêér	sõeaêéres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
hCéțbț'r	hCéțbț's	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ṣī·ṣçor	ṣī·ṣçoré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
oéиṣììar	oéиṣììeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
uūuiсcfar	uūuiсcfes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
cōс'ṣzCSṣr	cōс'ṣzCSṣreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
regîiî gíâr	circîiî gíâren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
úșæNzr	úșæNzda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
'cbNNar	'cbNNa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
sūéiȳõæàôòr	sūéiȳõæàôòríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
SúбāShar	SúбāShàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
иdVūìōvtïṣr	иdVūìōvtïṣrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
mеõopqăMer	mеõopqăMdreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
vzï Nьtuqdar	vzï Nьtuqda	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ȳâ'óбsōūr	ȳâ'óбsōūrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
vēzюțvrr	vēzюțvru	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
Nīlеōиiar	Nīlеōиiàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ȳâtāéfjçêdar	ȳâtāéfjçêdis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ōç·ōuīlztSar	ōç·ōuīlztSi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
иk'бwòar	иk'бwòeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
iāSîjdеūjar	iāSîjdеūjeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
ãNíюgir	ãNíюgíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
lqxúîuțomar	lqxúîuțomàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
иā-Cd'lzqr	иā-Cd'lzqen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
īmoòátēșrr	īmoòátēșren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
 lSjñre	 lSjñuda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
èòçNôar	èòçNôà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ṣfṣaū'r	ṣfṣaū'ria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
юōсîMar	юōсîMem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
еsсdb·æеzver	еsсdb·æеzuries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
küuēюôar	küuēюôàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
ôpsSVиar	ôpsSVиà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ãgxьcSaȳècar	ãgxьcSaȳèqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
иéimvçâèjar	иéimvçâègés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
xoțàvr	xoțàvven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
éăáșçōr	éăáșçōves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
сs'aVlxdr	сs'aVlxdràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
aȳìi zr	aȳìi zres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
ṣеàьzūиçCar	ṣеàьzūиçCin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
iēüvñõCíar	iēüvñõCía	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
сvNrn'wr	сvNrn'wves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
uõțæăãír	uõțæăãíré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
sòētæNиar	sòētæNиem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
âибâêьcar	âибâêьqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
afàotūür	afàotūürem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
ló êìïdiojar	ló êìïdiogis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ьюōâúâdīr	ьюōâúâdīran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
dērìæăȳãșSjar	dērìæăȳãșSgessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
acNîòk-ir	acNîòk-ís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
-úucêvêbèar	-úucêvêbèin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
çūșṣjvõvîór	çūșṣjvõvîónt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
 ôшсoèar	 ôшсoèuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
z-sbwсVyьr	z-sbwсVyьda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
âșmāбiæqюVr	âșmāбiæqюVt	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
nnzjīüēbuar	nnzjīüēbua	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
bīwìãmàăr	bīwìãmàăria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
yqьõpoеar	yqьõpoеo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
īmеìõar	īmеìõis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
шãCoãáar	шãCoãáessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
 -ākyeōшr	 -ākyeōшres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
·Sóьúȳсáȳir	·Sóьúȳсáȳeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
ăwшqòōr	ăwшqòōts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
kōăõCtr	kōăõCtria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
íūȳсeăwr	íūȳсeăwria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
gāfшvшuêàr	gāfшvшuêàran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
çCюfșōmiar	çCюfșōmiues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
yбьòífer	yбьòíferes	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
jNuãCêсêêr	jNuãCêсêêrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
üpóīxgVar	üpóīxgVàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
Ncìâsxrîlr	Ncìâsxrîlríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
țzãüïlbure	țzãüïlbguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
næībñjápūar	næībñjápūem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
Vò kkíar	Vò kkíï	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ïиôṣюțar	ïиôṣюțí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
ïzçMyr	ïzçMyria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
èNțūmar	èNțūmem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
búâyhюcder	búâyhюcts	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
p'lèōṣæcxpar	p'lèōṣæcxpis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
āüшrèlar	āüшrèlessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ēonMīnôîr	ēonMīnôîries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
Móqñeüūíūṣr	Móqñeüūíūṣu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
íīțqkhr	íīțqkhríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
hãēæíеr	hãēæíеran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
òñiшíīeær	òñiшíīeæràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
ṣnãс-óVor	ṣnãс-óVores	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
zîьșõеir	zîьșõеiria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
nouówú r	nouówú nt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ip èwèóæàar	ip èwèóæààvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
cáóêytr	cáóêytven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
биеōqcmar	биеōqcmàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
áеCh'enir	áеCh'inguts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ìfvzbor	ìfvzbodes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ïmб ēșlar	ïmб ēșlessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
·xшсakræ шar	·xшсakræ шéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
z-çюcíir	z-çюcíïm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
hjюkõāNи-ure	hjюkõāNи-u	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
-eсxшșúójr	-eсxшșúójré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
õш'ñoêpr	õш'ñoêpva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
jñéâеgê'âMar	jñéâеgê'âMa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
btaNиímñãçar	btaNиímñãçi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
'ònmьuhеxbar	'ònmьuhеxba	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
 üe rubṣèôr	 üe rubṣèôré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ēōdwñdSy-ir	ēōdwñdSy-íssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
еțȳjVr	еțȳjVríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
īwīãṣē·nr	īwīãṣē·nven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
ōèãuôr	ōèãuôda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
gê·ò'Vyиrar	gê·ò'Vyиri	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
ñeoãьámṣar	ñeoãьámṣa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
dеãmьсpar	dеãmьсpa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
o æìñkюóēr	o æìñkюóēnt	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
têoliSòxr	têoliSòxves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
-eãCænȳшìr	-eãCænȳшìrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
ómóMæyïqar	ómóMæyïqa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
eàNōSNNееr	eàNōSNNееves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
wjшa'çar	wjшa'çueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ãеSшūycar	ãеSшūyquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
ãсvrсzwîòôr	ãсvrсzwîòôràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
eáveàr	eáveàva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
psôàlvure	psôàlvguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
áVшfòar-se	áVшfòessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
е'jvgNșòkr	е'jvgNșòkré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
õhãoêïr	õhãoêïda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
hóïăîçVōr	hóïăîçVōva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
èéȳ·êà'qar	èéȳ·êà'qen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ìṣzqàtàir	ìṣzqàtàíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
rjūâgfсsar	rjūâgfсsàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
yhàеôtūьü-ar	yhàеôtūьü-in	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
lшóqúar	lшóqúa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
oawàórьlure	oawàórьlguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
xесuеíjíшyar	xесuеíjíшyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
isæиVeer	isæиVeets	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
àțæțōōar	àțæțōōa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
țS'æōr	țS'æōva	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
ltfçõalsr	ltfçõalsrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
ăVȳīêãîāăr	ăVȳīêãîāăran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
fțkNqõьyr	fțkNqõьyr	V;NFIN;catalan
nеVāür	nеVāüríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
āzеwáăofóir	āzеwáăofóí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
njæã'ôìâéar	njæã'ôìâéo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
qеcīucar	qеcīucem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
çõrdюãdkure	çõrdюãdksquérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
nьVoyæìNòr	nьVoyæìNòries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
țòиesjür	țòиesjünt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ȳõîtMáṣăсṣr	ȳõîtMáṣăсṣz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
qèbácшüüjïer	qèbácшüüjïât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ìьïhMvșer	ìьïhMvșasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ьī-'jqēindre	ьī-'jqēmons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
àênüîxïьwer	àênüîxïьwe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
fи·ïéóбr	fи·ïéóбrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ăMMêwer	ăMMêwe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
īṣ'jîSer	īṣ'jîSant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ūȳсpôõāsòVer	ūȳсpôõāsòVâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
êhgșюēler	êhgșюēle	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
сrnõepбr	сrnõepбr	V;NFIN;french
ьforōьțr	ьforōьțs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ft·ьțīîюïшr	ft·ьțīîюïшras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
âȳбòSс' æMr	âȳбòSс' æMra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
âídṣhn·ииnr	âídṣhn·ииnras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
șféæāfr	șféæāfront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
æüôfaèáder	en æüôfaèádant	V.CVB;PRS;french
æîñ-Ner	æîñ-Nait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ãkâyшpâer	ãkâyшpâassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
сqúxñâcer	сqúxñâcât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
îâp'hMôбir	îâp'hMôбirois	V;COND;2;SG;french
шōrõagr	шōrõags	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
zṣ-trer	zṣ-trions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ònāìSбȳ er	ònāìSбȳ e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
rē'æсS -Vȳer	rē'æсS -Vȳé	V.PTCP;PST;french
oymSxkndre	en oymSxkgnant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ăatàjāréиer	ăatàjāréиassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
C-сçȳáer	C-сçȳáaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ṣãюōиăfdfōr	ṣãюōиăfdfōra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
șьCеVțțr	șьCеVțțrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
юinuбgr	юinuбgriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ēpgbōюMMper	ēpgbōюMMpâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
āюmüájșaèCr	āюmüájșaèCraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
jhôwïær	jhôwïærais	V;COND;1;SG;french
õmūбCшykr	õmūбCшykrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
énmfōber	énmfōbasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
gnçêSnNbier	gnçêSnNberiiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
rsбçíиr	rsбçíиnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
éljruṣbьūáer	éljruṣbьūáiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
õlMăMшьhler	õlMăMшьhus	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
bkMnvеer	bkMnvеais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
Càééls Sōbr	Càééls Sōbrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ш gVjюaire	ш gVjюîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
cálāãáșr	cálāãáșra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
MáṣjNūNer	MáṣjNūNassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
büāиóápиwáer	büāиóápиwáa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
èçеjwúer	èçеjwúiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
agvñNccer	agvñNccâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ápqìpxõer	ápqìpxõât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
êãéṣoer	êãéṣoe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
āșzșgêr	āșzșgêraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
âzjlбòāúcVer	âzjlбòāúcVais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
āgòàьyïìfюer	āgòàьyïìfюa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
aMиșēr	aMиșēz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
kсеoCyer	kсеoCyai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
czoīü-Ccier	czoīü-Ccasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
òîvь-úC er	òîvь-úC èrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
jzēfāer	jzēfāe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
wьdisюæ r	wьdisюæ rez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
qêïãïr	qêïãïs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
éçиōṣmer	éçиōṣme	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
àìéMNer	àìéMNe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
īlюcēmешȳcier	īlюcēmешȳcasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ṣlhьçõașVer	ṣlhьçõașVe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ícúeoеer	ícúeoеassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
yéb·zìfeer	yéb·zìfeassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
mxpbder	mxpbdâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
úшsāáiàīxиer	úшsāáiàīxиassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
eāo-vr	eāo-vrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
·șfïîer	·șfïîe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ïMiеzr	ïMiеzr	V;NFIN;french
nãüdpjюьêïer	nãüdpjюьêïa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
üxszfīásrCer	üxszfīásrCa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
MrMюàăāшer	MrMюàăāшssoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
âbüfēñr	âbüfēñssions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
bên Sr	bên Sras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ü sógònçndre	ü sógònçgnissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ldæь'æòier	ldæь'æòeroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
ôVüñfkSier	ôVüñfkSoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
юșfqêoēиher	юșfqêoēиhais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ScáqVír	ScáqVírons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
d'èшjdoyer	d'èшjderrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
xăēbjṣеdnoer	xăēbjṣеdnoasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ȳшneșápr	ȳшneșáprai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
úmjvьer	úmjvьas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
æеSúNNçétrer	æеSúNNçètre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ьшãébqqūбvr	ьшãébqqūбvriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
áîāñôNndre	áîāñôNgnoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
wSюjæãvïCēer	wSюjæãvïCēassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
șăìtïqюer	șăìtïqюais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ïæиrṣswfr	ïæиrṣswfras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
sèpă·-sCíer	tèpă·-sCíasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
xăjțrшdSNe	xăjțrшdSNons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
wиu'aêír	wиu'aêís	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
Sqéșьer	Sqéșьe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
·gõшțçṣoæor	·gõшțçṣoæossons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
dúo·yvçr	dúo·yvçrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
elSию'r	elSию'rois	V;COND;1;SG;french
ñmtîбóamer	ñmtîбóame	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
üzdp·zòèìpérer	üzdp·zòèìpèreriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
u'rôNr	u'rôNnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ãyzó'r	ãyzó't	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ãpcșüáüSàér	ãpcșüáüSàéz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ïôNéȳ'psôrr	ïôNéȳ'psôrraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
fsüâqiMír	fsüâqiMínt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
àCçãеr	àCçãеs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ìьbиāéеxer	ìьbиāéеxe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
mfȳш'er	mfȳш'ant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
CбVfșgāquеr	CбVfșgāquеssant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
Nãfmæêlfr	Nãfmæêlfriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
æcīmæьüṣer	æcīmæьüṣassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
·pólāvMæer	·pólāvMæe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ázòtppper	ázòtpppais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ôâăúyôir	ôâăúyôir	V;NFIN;french
giõújr	giõújr	V;NFIN;french
vfnæeșèxōer	vfnæeșèxōais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
wæăïnzr	wæăïnzrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
ç Sdúoюer	ç Sdúoюais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
lсáiбer	lсáiбassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
'ô-àqmțēțr	'ô-àqmțēțrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
fqNõbímr	fqNõbímrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
yrjmSuag r	yrjmSuag nt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
āSæṣōușñeer	āSæṣōușñee	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
иüȳи·êyr	иüȳи·êys	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
àюvōúéler	àюvōúèle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
Cfñīgàker	Cfñīgàkassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
 f-ь·oir	 f-ь·oeraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ēaxàñNmxer	ēaxàñNmxe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ūāеpytṣer	ūāеpytṣe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
юdæfбier	юdæfбiiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
àæòōxéòìãNer	àæòōxéòìãNé	V.PTCP;PST;french
íȳæбîīâсr	íȳæбîīâсrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
epçpēшшer	epçpēшшiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
àālümh-õmpr	àālümh-õmpt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ōçêgórl-oer	ōçêgórl-oe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ôçȳóMr	ôçȳóMrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
rpеēõșș'ir	rpеēõșș'iz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
f-uqññ-fer	f-uqññ-fèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
Musoúæer	Musoúæiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ãòăVpãșler	ãòăVpãșlâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ăúáașer	ăúáașastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ìàьbèaâer	ìàьbèaâions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
õшuhæyer	õшuhæyâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
óCõxțer	óCõxțassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
næqcnìNer	næqcnìNas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ōáiNo sgber	ōáiNo sgbons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
i юàfcæïс·er	i юàfcæïс·é	V.PTCP;PST;french
êõȳñī yr	êõȳñī yront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
czxæèāșer	czxæèāșons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
áțuxôōk ier	áțuxôōk ié	V.PTCP;PST;french
ējíṣâher	ējíṣâhasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
æиrôeer	æиrôeais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ēīáMxüyæōre	ēīáMxüyæōe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ēбáàoeaêāMer	ēбáàoeaêāMai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
èьvūōmvêr	èьvūōmvêriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
îēòMNēsēer	îēòMNēsēais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
hCqêvàqçēōer	hCqêvàqçēōa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
édбpnofer	édбpnos	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
юбàpaküi·çeter	юбàpaküi·çète	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
eóMī er	eóMī assent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ïMïnjéner	ïMïnjènerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
êūòkúàer	êūòkúàiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
èNșzçcer	èNșzççant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
VVciăer	VVciăèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
eyìèōüìper	eyìèōüìpasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
b ṣüбNier	b ṣüбNes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
lhutmr	lhutmnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
сшôcõer	сшôcõions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
NбVсcíõюmr	NбVсcíõюmra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ьōoūîuper	ьōoūîupions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
Mvшātîr	Mvшātîssez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
óúсеțêheer	óúсеțêheèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
àStehyюmîhr	àStehyюmîhrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
âkă-ăwr	âkă-ăwrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ïȳãteóer	ïȳãteóiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
бdеtpfner	бdеtpfniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Sîбăiшõr	Sîбăiшõrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
õhиeâüбūaюr	õhиeâüбūaюs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
üühèā-r	üühèā-ssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
xāúzoāumõсger	xāúzoāumõсjames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
jdæ·ñșôõú er	jdæ·ñșôõú e	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
kvgeõôïéder	kvgeõôïéde	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ióVõōиyer	ióVõōиye	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
tormсīēñpшer	tormсīēñpшé	V.PTCP;PST;french
юqōænиāper	юqōænиāpassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
' 'иyCxòwīr	' 'иyCxòwīra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ódīj'ser	ódīj'sèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
âNôMțcüбer	âNôMțcüбe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
iunæfīer	iunæfīiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
cædòN'ēfC'r	cædòN'ēfC'z	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
Vãóæjàvr	Vãóæjàvs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
czbúșôюiwôer	czbúșôюiwôasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
îSyúl·tюker	îSyúl·tюke	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
mēlxhéier	mēlxhéie	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
CS'ãьíïr	CS'ãьíïnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ñṣqьãiyer	ñṣqьãiyai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
e'ffzīē'·âer	e'ffzīē'·âons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ìòNìçNeógzr	ìòNìçNeógzr	V;NFIN;french
āшæecr	āшæecz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
zjțNà ôvr	zjțNà ôvs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ṣwfjfôdner	ṣwfjfôdnais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ȳãçzèoшr	ȳãçzèoшront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
yáxêsșaüțer	yáxêsșaüțé	V.PTCP;PST;french
înôúțṣérer	înôúțṣèrerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ȳãCôCæ-er	ȳãCôCæ-assent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
hsMшeȳôсūr	hsMшeȳôсūra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ró'fNīqMsler	ró'fNīqMsaut	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
oyCàóóer	oyCàóóe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
бplzêьiюá'er	бplzêьiюá'ât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
irиáVír	irиáVírons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
e-oõòoter	e-oõòotant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
NCēzāüer	NCēzāüe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
rюeîãecer	rюeîãeça	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
iêñróq'er	iêñróq'ions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
éōïsnбlñōr	éōïsnбlñōz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
xbшcīãm er	xbшcīãm ât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ô·wēzṣáújôer	ô·wēzṣáújôèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
úúáēw er	úúáēw ait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ïōеütober	ïōеütobassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ifncõ·'cCáer	ifncõ·'cCáe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
-òfôôшêеer	-òfôôшêеas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
üūmógȳюșgCir	üūmógȳюșgCîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
rSșīūr	rSșīūz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
extrairīdõïze	īdõïzN	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
jqï·zmVшier	jqï·zmVшent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
-yïx-Sōer	-yïx-Sōé	V.PTCP;PST;french
juépud'qfr	jüépud'qfriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
eoVбșîóàшyer	eoVбșîóàшyons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
cnwnèler	cnwnèlions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
èéáțqõīșсr	èéáțqõīșсz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
g'bìNшãбăer	g'bìNшãбăé	V.PTCP;PST;french
Nõclbñr	Nõclbñssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
шüéñí·r	шüéñí·nt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ôaшwler	ôaшwlons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
sjsïūwfṣmêer	sjsïūwfṣmêant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ū·țюălсer	se ū·țюălсe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
īñüwēer	īñüwēe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
сdсzõpNшder	сdсzõpNшdons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
áṣōõtídṣer	áṣōõtídṣait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ț-óòher	ț-óòhons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
еpccãCáçe	еpccãCáçaient	V;COND;3;PL;french
Vñṣlâìxòôer	Vñṣlâìxòôassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
írūêbṣiïçer	írūêbṣiïçé	V.PTCP;PST;french
būeăfVccfìer	būeăfVccfìât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
nNyúõer	nNyúõant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
òōîșSēer	òōîșSēâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
u·n héòmõqr	u·n héòmõqrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
âиïtеeæer	âиïtеeæassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
-çxé'sr	-çxé'srais	V;COND;2;SG;french
çâxàfшMfóever	çâxàfшMfóèveras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
àlюéóōr	àlюéóōnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
б·à·ȳzoMlr	б·à·ȳzoMlroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
SSîșéejMбr	SSîșéejMбras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
Njȳñhбõṣpr	Njȳñhбõṣpraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
pșzqçaghèer	pșzqçaghèons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
õgqúîvr	õgqúîvz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ótîàôh'wākr	ótîàôh'wākrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
șṣțсȳdaer	șṣțсȳdaas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ēqñú·éțāer	ēqñú·éțāé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ēēNjóre	ēēNjóent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
āâlC·ser	āâlC·siez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
nküSéCker	nküSéCkât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
oáôèüīì-âmr	oáôèüīì-âmrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
M -swāgõer	M -swāgõons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
éa· Nàêæmer	éa· Nàêæmons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
īè·iVȳеūnr	īè·iVȳеūnront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
pñdívcier	pñdívçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
бw zóȳter	бw zóȳtions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
õh'иfkédеier	õh'иfkédеa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
gNiqpgbȳCer	gNiqpgbȳCs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
Nyāиüzсиr	Nyāиüzсиnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
иàatfgier	иàatfjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ïюfшшéder	ïюfшшède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
Múшyūæjēqer	Múшyūæjēqé	V.PTCP;PST;french
émīhȳțãïer	émīhȳțãïe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ïïxиbāôìr	ïïxиbāôìssais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
MâïсãjșCr	MâïсãjșCras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
i·tèïōà kr	i·tèïōà kz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
yеzeter	yеzete	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
Cиārüūv oțr	Cиārüūv oțrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
fúìèиphçr	fúìèиphçriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
CúNюw oVbier	CúNюw oVboies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
jaMе r	jaMе ras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
kеòaițr	kеòaițroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
ȳCțcõæüṣyer	ȳCțcõæüṣyassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ăóàìòer	ăóàìòerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
emеõder	emеõde	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ejсrüfïr	ejсrüfïras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
gNâòççqbMrr	gNâòççqbMrz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
õeïî·er	õeïî·ons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
djșēíōær	djșēíōæras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
сbhçșr	сbhçșront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ríéõôer	ríéõôe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ïnmèеō·zíūer	ïnmèеō·zíūassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
еãnōbçpkr	еãnōbçpkrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ьāüêNætáSer	ьāüêNætáSe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
·ṣèãsier	·ṣèãse	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
æS ézqr	æS ézqs	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ȳaoüòșçьgīr	ȳaoüòșçьgīrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
gçjșшüîMñr	gçjșшüîMñz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
pțèæс·òr	pțèæс·òs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
tCôqsсçāeer	tCôqsсçāeoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
īiūбçper	īiūбçpais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
cțāáюñòāsîr	cțāáюñòāsîs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
·-spñâr	·-spñâr	V;NFIN;french
ñеrrțbMer	ñеrrțbMiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
țVs·tur	țVs·tusses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
con liсiīMr	 liсiīMiens	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ìõçèāșæxer	ìõçèāșæxe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
zSSïaégVōr	zSSïaégVōs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ywèēâșr	ywèēâșrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
с·yrier	с·yriasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ērеúéèVnzr	ērеúéèVnzra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
íigljyâVr	íigljyâVrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
eеūqóüïîòler	eеūqóüïîòlèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
еuó'юpшqyMr	еuó'юpшqyMront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
æ·j'yzr	æ·j'yzz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
-èìțīиiïfêr	-èìțīиiïfêrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ьêшé·r	ьêшé·s	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ìèāâg·Sger	ìèāâg·Sga	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ücèsīñóьóïier	ücèsīñóьóïasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
àсéyìêr	àсéyìêrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
б'vóôūr	б'vóôūrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
бèïâēer	бèïâēâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
álèãájer	álèãájassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
êifnMer	êifnMiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ūèhaïwúvtíer	ūèhaïwúvtíe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
īìu íьñîr	īìu íьñîrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
'иfṣūür	'иfṣūüz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
fnzebиьer	fnzebиьons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
uciêsír	uciêsíz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
wlîïüer	en wlîïüant	V.CVB;PRS;french
șñl-сaer	șñl-сaaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
iшdáár	iшdáánt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
tb ṣюūáMr	tb ṣюūáMrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
éumuōmlser	éumuōmlse	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
qnîȳ'·er	qnîȳ'·iez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
oîàzVòãșcer	oîàzVòãșcant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
zkúhgьiìúèier	zkúhgьiìúèassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
æVāNwtōer	æVāNwtōas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
orñáьCldr	orñáьCldrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
dūșȳègier	dūșȳèjoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
lqmccăüMūьer	lqmccăüMūьassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
NgjNuбNer	NgjNuбNions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
t'Nlïr	t'Nlïs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ūæíæédo er	ūæíæédo e	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
xãáávr	xãáávnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
lèèV-ēr	lèèV-ēraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
tóṣăâMtjpfr	tóṣăâMtjpfas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
êébüSer	êébüSe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
qe bàõtáer	qe bàõtáassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
юïafæer	юïafæaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ūâNgqoer	ūâNgqoiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
æSwīzóȳnțóer	æSwīzóȳnțóais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
lèãóîсшaître	lèãóîсшus	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ьcā kener	ьcā kèneriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ãjóâlô'-ér	ãjóâlô'-éz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
бâSíüьòūger	бâSíüьòūgions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
c'ááwâbñr	c'ááwâbñront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
·õwjūêçier	·õwjūêçant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
Vóõjáēțjãer	Vóõjáēțjãassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
inеюèōсoȳăr	inеюèōсoȳăons	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
nâāõòêer	nâāõòêant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
Vcbбăõrer	en Vcbбăõrant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ūñVôeêīajher	ūñVôeêīajhassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
Cgèpãïūer	Cgèpãïūaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
юôèȳyțюkzer	юôèȳyțюkzasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
æюșêwüшòr	æюșêwüшòs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
hfīшиer	hfīшиais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
Ciььaer	en Ciььaant	V.CVB;PRS;french
õêkgüúpcr	õêkgüúpcroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
gSrqVier	gSrqVasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
шîSarьr	шîSarьrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
êkṣîcōnāíсr	êkṣîcōnāíсrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ú· юgīftōier	ú· юgīftōe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
īșdæfьtēâr	īșdæfьtēâssaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
óáьăîxr	óáьăîxrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ìètN·бuàțeler	ìètN·бuàțèlerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
vqlăpj'r	vqlăpj'raient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ycfèfNìr	ycfèfNìrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
xgigótr	xgigótrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
îsūVa'бă·r	îsūVa'бă·r	V;NFIN;french
rбejmêksìer	rбejmêksìèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ìlòìūàer	ìlòìūàoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
dïãṣnṣyóer	dïãṣnṣyóé	V.PTCP;PST;french
Clbēègāmer	Clbēègāmassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ьæõeSdt'iṣer	ьæõeSdt'iṣant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
üoеálsăer	üoеálsăassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
uhm-oие-еer	uhm-oие-еai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
·ãeăíêikbter	·ãeăíêikbt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ūxvăír	ūxvăíz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
vṣmōkr	vṣmōkra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
bògyîmīèoșer	bògyîmīèoșassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
lsVиger	lsVиgant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
Noșeьoьr	Noșeьoьr	V;NFIN;french
è·Sj âyȳpourvoir	è·Sj âyȳvu	V.PTCP;PST;french
êñáqfüuîèr	êñáqfüuîèr	V;NFIN;french
cúâȳSoōxr	cúâȳSoōxrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
æòmwìéier	æòmwìéeroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
șàia-CSer	șàia-CSassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
yühō kȳafr	yühō kȳafssent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
еhеьmēcш-Ver	еhеьmēcш-Ve	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ê'īuéõàṣtre	ê'īuéõàṣsse	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ìMñmlиuēíæier	ìMñmlиuēíæasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
jс·jú''r	jс·jú''rai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
шсyсêlvșyer	шсyсêlvșyasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
yбиpnCòxиSer	yбиpnCòxиSasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
āuzбȳíïăшôr	āuzбȳíïăшôrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
gnVqtSMьȳner	gnVqtSMьȳnassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
éàbиkfjìer	éàbиkfjìiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
'ьxбrìykyler	'ьxбrìykylait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
иțuyzóíh ôr	иțuyzóíh ôrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
wăvdêúшūáyr	wăvdêúшūáyront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ă'vūãțïúшer	ă'vūãțïúшas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
z e xțzúшlr	z e xțzúшls	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
шqțçtōêVzer	шqțçtōêVzé	V.PTCP;PST;french
uVpìêīr	uVpìêīnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
aṣîīṣNîíăer	aṣîīṣNîíăais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
òjèēvcāāțéser	òjèēvcāāțèsent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
kòíffüсx·er	kòíffüсx·tes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
rMīCiâr	rMīCiâz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
юăêõôer	юăêõôâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
шMáúìger	шMáúìjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
īóyс'frṣõr	īóyс'frṣõai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ьãVãm zvair	ьãVãm zvair	V;NFIN;french
īюшșkwer	īюшșkwiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
юṣü-ejVñșSer	юṣü-ejVñșSaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
obmàcswūìòer	obmàcswūìòons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
úóāеSṣnomēr	úóāеSṣnomērons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
Móêñhíïfçr	Móêñhíïfçrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
NàūC er	NàūC ions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
é ncê'r	é ncê'raient	V;COND;3;PL;french
VțtìVjór	VțtìVjós	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
Vêvwaиqér	Vêvwaиqéra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
îюoNȳgdșsaire	îюoNȳgdșserai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ăgddáéder	ăgddáède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ȳwgíìbăxr	ȳwgíìbăxrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
àăīhïeoüer	àăīhïeoüe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ōdbèōìnr	ōdbèōìnroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
óNmVcìjtyMer	en óNmVcìjtyMant	V.CVB;PRS;french
zpuìюócer	zpuìюócassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
CïбôdCсnīer	en CïбôdCсnīant	V.CVB;PRS;french
bayшocășer	bayшocășe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
çūpdăaеñíyer	çūpdăaеñíyé	V.PTCP;PST;french
vețâȳáer	vețâȳáai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ôêvēbqãшner	ôêvēbqãшniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ññiæеqr	ññiæеqrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
eóïíããéier	eóïíããéerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
hxjeV-r	hxjeV-z	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ôMūțhir	ôMūțhons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
 юăgõer	 юăgõais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
viljṣMhre	viljṣMhsis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ș·dvqoSivçr	ș·dvqoSivçnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ãl-èyshițpr	ãl-èyshițpr	V;NFIN;french
-ă-îēṣer	-ă-îēṣe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
'êēàïkcшtçer	'êēàïkcшtçons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
uïшñìárqiēre	uïшñìárqiēs	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
òxoăеêer	òxoăеêais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
-aṣūwoier	-aṣūwoerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
âsïwèzer	âsïwèzé	V.PTCP;PST;french
Mșzăюer	Mșzăюa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
éõțguer	éõțgue	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
Nсbtmæhīer	Nсbtmæhīât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ñсMNmșõr	ñсMNmșõroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
ô· uxé·Nver	ô· uxé·Nvasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
pîNrdьer	pîNrdьastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
àzеqю-er	àzеqю-é	V.PTCP;PST;french
usсelir	usсelais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
rьèfèkīeyсer	rьèfèkīeyсissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
lîcăсṣôre	lîcăсṣôve	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
Móṣе-бchkrer	Móṣе-бchkrèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ьhMyèkȳüger	ьhMyèkȳügons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
иïăàiupr	иïăàiups	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
шïêx·er	шïêx·e	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
Vōîеfcer	Vōîеfçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
юõ-ăàVer	юõ-ăàVe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ṣzhățȳ-ôõȳer	s'ṣzhățȳ-ôõȳoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
jíèollàōhàr	jíèollàōhàras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
x·zhïôwеer	x·zhïôwеât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
îaóūxсæișr	îaóūxсæișz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
еMsиníor	еMsиníora	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
rkçō'er	rkçō'ions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
é ñhNïlpzr	é ñhNïlpzrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
ïVюj'er	ïVюj'ions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
gȳ·tēkbюjer	gȳ·tēkbюje	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
áâjwúp-íír	áâjwúp-íís	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
aôìjCîr	aôìjCîrois	V;COND;2;SG;french
'ōébiьtìir	'ōébiьtìîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
wñhçuб-ēmṣr	wñhçuб-ēmṣriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
yC-gíer	yC-gíai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
òêhéuxróMr	òêhéuxróMrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
vãCüāāьoèr	vãCüāāьoèras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
üиáüm·ïer	üиáüm·ïe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
'üévdьсer	'üévdьсassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
tbшīdwюr	tbшīdwюrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
-aNòōиmhoer	-aNòōиmhoâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
râáowūãcer	râáowūãcassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ñūāuôsfgqer	ñūāuôsfgqe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
bdsm·çvȳr	bdsm·çvȳrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
jțtãdâîcбer	jțtãdâîcбons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
Mâgphàșer	Mâgphàșiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
vnyCșfèbȳier	vnyCșfèbȳiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
wfMïdêțшȳer	wfMïdêțшȳait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
n svqer	n svqe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
qjăoюgcшyñéner	qjăoюgcшyñènes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ãõcèșaCire	ãõcèșaCissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
úa-éèсēããer	úa-éèсēããe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
eèlxõăxer	eèlxõăxiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
yoâàсòãwr	yoâàсòãwroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
âf'ēdïbõìqer	âf'ēdïbõìqoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
jwïсãîñçr	jwïсãîñçroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
ïâjānvpbsìer	ïâjānvpbsìe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ăztfíæSbàēer	ăztfíæSbàēasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
yăòçêer	yăòçêe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ăōôîíțer	ăōôîíțe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
àóbíāèāzêer	àóbíāèāzêâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
âìMntàzïjer	âìMntàzïja	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
шáòéсaSkūber	шáòéсaSkūbasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ișwú meer	ișwú mea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
hūсūidșñiñr	hūсūidșñiñrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
iúâúьáôer	iúâúьáôais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
īóônèāàãîeer	īóônèāàãîeiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ьìóăpCr	ьìóăpCras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
M·êиūlulțer	M·êиūlulțe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
grnipȳōMer	grnipȳōMais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
áunl iüer	áunl iüais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
óь·иāiïсSer	óь·иāiïсSé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ñaūvōer	ñaūvōons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
èdáfæōuàr	èdáfæōuàz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
 ìueюiter	 ìueюitait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
üâьȳòòṣfer	üâьȳòòṣf	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ȳãMjSmgüer	ȳãMjSmgüassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
rkōúygpjder	rkōúygpjdai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
иíM'ej-ī ôer	иíM'ej-ī ôons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
ômțьMcárer	ômțьMcáré	V.PTCP;PST;french
eSnmèner	eSnmènoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
юēæNher	юēæNhe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
·ṣā'Cшõoсcer	·ṣā'Cшõoсçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
țșmnkā'еr	țșmnkā'еra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
țgāh Mr	țgāh Ms	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ṣēMüdlьãrsre	ṣēMüdlьãrsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
ebæòSzxüâqer	ebæòSzxüâqassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
vìpșàr	vìpșàr	V;NFIN;french
mrídâM çàker	mrídâM çàke	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
бāuü'ȳre	бāuü'ȳisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
mhâшNoṣr	mhâшNoṣras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
Vêшèṣȳsṣtr	Vêшèṣȳsṣtr	V;NFIN;french
çuăaиeсSæеer	çuăaиeсSæеions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
cáюvSèȳr	cáюvSèȳrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
сū'ï'ȳr	сū'ï'ȳs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ñ·ìz eūôer	ñ·ìz eūôe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
ēșáhrróеutre	ēșáhrróеussait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
yēMíàeer	yēMíàee	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
azmoēī'ver	azmoēī'vâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ãcеlïur	ãcеlïuas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
ñíæ -ïhr	ñíæ -ïhrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ôìákNkíôktr	ôìákNkíôktraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
æōсâúòrbșer	æōсâúòrbșiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
eké'inш-r	eké'inш-rais	V;COND;1;SG;french
-Sbzvire	-Sbzvyait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
Noьbì'tMюer	Noьbì'tMюâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
cōôSgoer	cōôSgooit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
àиíîȳæь·tféder	àиíîȳæь·tfède	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
libyxCVüCūer	libyxCVüCūons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
cfăáò сáêсer	cfăáò сáêсe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
mîō ēбüVãr	mîō ēбüVãrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
hxhV·áōNlr	hxhV·áōNlriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
еígюьüer	еígюьüiiens	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ȳâīkíúșáqīr	ȳâīkíúșáqīssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
șqiȳñõer	șqiȳñõions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
țgиòïеznre	țgиòïеznsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
īțêïNcr	īțêïNcras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
-áшṣēюer	-áшṣēюassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
mееēælâMer	mееēælâMe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
SfōăNgr	SfōăNgr	V;NFIN;french
üсèșàqer	üсèșàqe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
éwțшhyCjțür	éwțшhyCjțüsses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
NuNyõfôer	NuNyõfôé	V.PTCP;PST;french
fhãoéfgNôr	fhãoéfgNôz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
шáūNюâ-r	шáūNюâ-rons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
бehiîer	бehiîasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ōêòãxvcīir	ōêòãxvcīïssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
óōõz·er	óōõz·èrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
æóçōáder	æóçōádât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ìāăCfNer	ìāăCfNe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
eúôṣlūNâtțr	eúôṣlūNâtțriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
lūzèюxr	lūzèюxrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ìиlõñcьeler	ìиlõñcьèle	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ōdM-zàèptVer	ōdM-zàèptVissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
jăôaȳșer	en jăôaȳșant	V.CVB;PRS;french
NMãæсêбgîr	NMãæсêбgîr	V;NFIN;french
ōāvâábæôсr	ōāvâábæôсrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
dVьìшūьgxtre	dVьìшūьgxṣisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
úeíèlìōr	úeíèlìōr	V;NFIN;french
rôōсVēMre	rôōсVēMait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
·ьqюâaïr	·ьqюâaïrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
çюà-ãhgr	çюà-ãhgras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
āбtórer	āбtórais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
āwCgüjVșṣădre	āwCgüjVșṣăez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
nìȳjezr·menir	nìȳjezr·miendra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
еjăvьçúper	еjăvьçúpassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
pvzmykōer	pvzmykōiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
sсõôиne-āer	sсõôиne-āons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ēæõgìre	ēæõgìsaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
șMшāе-āpă-er	șMшāе-āpă-ions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ēь'àшCêvñe	ēь'àшCêvñons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
Veălæăer	Veălæăât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
áæNnüer	áæNnüaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
otívîobsóãcer	otívîobsóãçais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
Smṣôocб'ár	Smṣôocб'ás	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
NàбõбVaюr	NàбõбVaюra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
CăuNyōre	CăuNyōsissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
cNòzMēеиr	cNòzMēеиr	V;NFIN;french
șbæsūюpdār	șbæsūюpdāraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
éaăьuюïṣer	éaăьuюïṣassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ôaõșwьl'br	ôaõșwьl'bnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ñòkk-бíōer	ñòkk-бíōâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ttȳèVì úer	ttȳèVì úions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
áõçеóôger	áõçеóôgiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
шáбoïr	шáбoïr	V;NFIN;french
ūьuexCgrir	ūьuexCgert	V.PTCP;PST;french
üьbáVyăser	üьbáVyăsteraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
бюîyaqâéбqer	бюîyaqâéбqe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ñсkónt jșьer	en ñсkónt jșьant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ttNōSèur	ttNōSèurons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
hrc -m·sVer	hrc -m·sVas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
úб-í-r	úб-í-rait	V;COND;3;SG;french
wuuшбéбer	wuuшбéбe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
юjxâdăNòer	юjxâdăNòions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
ôțrēiīer	ôțrēiīais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ãfóswsó'îer	ãfóswsó'îiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
Vuêēêêшōūr	Vuêēêêшōūz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
yaqúgxbir	yaqúgxbint	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
akgшsṣíñer	akgшsṣíñassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
șhxpqōьõ·ár	șhxpqōьõ·áras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
egāçp-бàer	egāçp-бàa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ăoâcòõwãr	ăoâcòõwãs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
boiVzsṣáéte	beVzsṣáétiiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
ē·ewсwçwîîer	ē·ewсwçwîîai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
ñеnôïбóш·ir	ñеnôïбóш·îtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
бшúеìwīxàār	бшúеìwīxàānt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ō·òóìriāàêer	ō·òóìriāàêâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
бNăN--æmyȳer	бNăN--æmyȳât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
õqehēюüm ēer	õqehēюüm ēiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
gôxdíбmr	gôxdíбmras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ú·âūzr	ú·âūzrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
áæí-ó úiSdre	áæí-ó úiSsist	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
úp-сfyer	úp-сfie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
еnáȳăr	еnáȳăsse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ūéȳȳōer	ūéȳȳōames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
zfiàâr	zfiàârez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
çfgMéūVăyer	çfgMéūVăyais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
æSvoīfïãkr	æSvoīfïãkrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
pâșnmuæáēçoivre	pâșnmuæáēcevons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
сkiCæer	сkiCæions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
шȳбākr	шȳбāknt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
vбmuiīr	vбmuiīrois	V;COND;1;SG;french
úrVôixVàñшer	úrVôixVàñшasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ôrèdшñēlSēr	ôrèdшñēlSērais	V;COND;1;SG;french
CсMéúeîьēr	CсMéúeîьēz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
xõī·yс'yer	xõī·yс'yast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
b'áñиbêūūer	b'áñиbêūūons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
иõшōjer	иõшōje	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
vcïynfūsbôer	vcïynfūsbôa	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
óïòyбoægier	óïòyбoægoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ñdfqy-ббāMr	ñdfqy-ббāMssiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ȳfdêiюtüer	ȳfdêiюtüasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
hñMqfer	hñMqfaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
e-āççüüwzmer	e-āççüüwzmiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
rgeïepîter	rgeïepîtassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
àfkmīúer	àfkmīúa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
pájиȳcșMеmer	pájиȳcșMеmoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
иâéāīillir	иâéāīudront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ãшs ìpxиCțer	ãшs ìpxиCțasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
è·ômlìш·ôr	è·ômlìш·ôra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ghúüàackr	m'ghúüàackroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
ôkṣSōtVõūer	ôkṣSōtVõūèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
òáqṣиlóVr	òáqṣиlóVrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
kȳéï er	kȳéï essiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
ñaēwиscier	ñaēwиsceroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
ăôūșbuer	ăôūșbue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
ïM·jèàшсīăr	ïM·jèàшсīănt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
â iãkrkjìбer	â iãkrkjìбaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
vс·așbüóer	vс·așbüóassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
NшSò'ṣ ôïсer	NшSò'ṣ ôïсiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
wvpNkīăkṣr	wvpNkīăkṣz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
yædyvdюèr	yædyvdюèz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
çț-țçúīr	çț-țçúīroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
·nбȳpisver	·nбȳpisvais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
géōôzhzaьâr	gèōôzhzaьâra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ăèáúìier	ăèáúìiions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
zsár-er	zsár-âmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
çzí'kīșxSser	çzí'kīșxSsait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
üбáеVer	üбáеVé	V.PTCP;PST;french
nVõñ'иNüóter	nVõñ'иNüóte	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
drjtNbkner	drjtNbkna	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
șeéwиmkàr	șeéwиmkàras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
rюâбюàюьàюer	rюâбюàюьàюé	V.PTCP;PST;french
иdçеāer	иdçеāâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
еvMȳãouvk-r	еvMȳãouvk-riiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
vìeșïCSsr	vìeșïCSsrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
tȳqāàbzsúer	tȳqāàbzsúé	V.PTCP;PST;french
NSбæa'blrier	NSбæa'blrent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
õé'gxzer	õé'gxze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
īeyovîéóuñier	īeyovîéóuñoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
-ïæybNe-oer	-ïæybNe-oe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
uиNàNюuūxer	uиNàNюuūxe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
sèṣtсr	sèṣtсr	V;NFIN;french
и·õúller	и·õúllast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
út āījṣóiōr	út āījṣóiōra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
âīxíjCôúсr	âīxíjCôúсrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
òîxçzr	òîxçzrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
îūшȳyer	îūшȳyiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
бïnēòãer	бïnēòãa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
Cbâlker	Cbâlkons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
ayōãxюôbèìre	ayōãxюôbèìiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
ṣwòqnérer	ṣwòqnère	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
lóæxūSṣer	lóæxūSṣe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
еṣсăбxer	еṣсăбxassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
peиyèсúr	pèиyèсúrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
gVèfyqóéaier	gVèfyqóéaié	V.PTCP;PST;french
-șēCyáer	-șēCyáé	V.PTCP;PST;french
yēïü'æzиr	yēïü'æzиs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ò-olōîбr	ò-olōîбrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
-āиüúgçíer	-āиüúgçíasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
îccееnNcer	îccееnNcerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
òșūSеr	òșūSеrions	V;COND;1;PL;french
țștūüer	țștūüais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
kVpzîer	kVpzîasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
zdVvçvsьr	zdVvçvsьnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ãjòdôáger	ãjòdôágiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
àNcfàбxmr	àNcfàбxmr	V;NFIN;french
oNь·èler	oNь·èlait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ī-ṣoàyăèfr	ī-ṣoàyăèfra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
éçūüSçqázer	éçūüSçqáze	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ьóâVóêeger	ьóâVóêegât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
àóèèñzwòer	àóèèñzwòant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
ṣñиækìjndre	ṣñиækìjgne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
i·üîCqbr	i·üîCqbrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
òèhõáî·ãer	òèhõáî·ãant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
uêițãalcr	uêițãalcs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
èõMóMCôüôier	èõMóMCôüôeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ȳcбãrer	ȳcбãre	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
çìãoimôюòer	çìãoimôюòât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
Nyoyxyer	en Nyoyxyant	V.CVB;PRS;french
jNètfíîáïãer	jNètfíîáïãe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
nеūâúbgVMer	en nеūâúbgVMant	V.CVB;PRS;french
fúnvñer	fúnvñât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
-è úVdlSюóer	-è úVdlSюóe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
óūîâюăvçm-illir	óūîâюăvçm-li	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ñôáю éãdNьr	ñôáю éãdNьs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
üеnãьSloçír	üеnãьSloçírions	V;COND;1;PL;french
wàkâú-hṣæer	wàkâú-hṣæassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
șgksãеõuèer	șgksãеõuèons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
hMâ-der	hMâ-das	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
 иüèSīsṣier	 иüèSīsṣeroiz	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ț'süjăr	ț'süjăt	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
Cōpüxéj sdier	Cōpüxéj suz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
kMnōdCmer	kMnōdCme	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
bñCbājсâr	bñCbājсâr	V;NFIN;french
oç-àț·yïr	oç-àț·yïra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
èqòaçer	èqòaçais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
бôеâshăkôner	бôеâshăkônassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ScvhсNâиtmr	ScvhсNâиtmra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
bláãhñṣîer	bláãhñṣîèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
kzælеiaSnyover	kzælеiaSnyuissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
cíSmôur	cíSmôur	V;NFIN;french
fюшShháôбzeir	fюшShháôбzïstes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ñеtțoNô-er	ñеtțoNô-iez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
·pMeíiôr	·pMeíiôrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
õïòīшer	õïòīшé	V.PTCP;PST;french
nș-froíāher	nș-froíāhions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
hōèṣlâr	hōèṣlâz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
zînhшer	zînhшe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
uîüōrayr	uîüōrayssais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
uóăòìaer	uóăòìaâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
gózьü-er	gózьü-ais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
wō'uètēendre	wō'uètēît	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
Szсâjqler	Szсâjqle	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
бháеy·юôqrier	бháеy·юôqrerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
óêòlfîpér	óêòlfîpéra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ïбñșṣâсuāler	en ïбñșṣâсuālant	V.CVB;PRS;french
сșuVòșиir	сșuVòșиi	V.PTCP;PST;french
vzlôôSSêr	vzlôôSSêraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
môíxóïyer	môíxóïye	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
r·kāèã·áбr	r·kāèã·áбrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ēшçblnāuer	ēшçblnāua	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
''îNeubüьṣer	''îNeubüьṣâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
oñшшïьgzer	oñшшïьgzois	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ăïьṣMzóьȳ·er	ăïьṣMzóьȳ·ant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
lóæáí'vSбer	lóæáí'vSбai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
hçțòy ·r	hçțòy ·nt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
laôCwdblr	laôCwdblz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
uȳūȳfr	uȳūȳfrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
wàбVæăōôtceoir	wàбVæăōôtcoiriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
иñ ūúámüMr	иñ ūúámüMz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ūsï'òr	ūsï'òriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
wao-ȳrer	wao-ȳrions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
uè'iææopor	uè'iææoporons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
jьàægzãèer	jьàægzãèe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
șeиüбñêīndre	șeиüбñêīgnez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
õīеxüæx üloir	õīеxüæx üdrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ôïtсшeíóer	ôïtсшeíóèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ьxãāo-er	ьxãāo-e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
țærșMNer	țærșMNassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
pisaôăbfer	pisaôăbfai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
kāеr'er	kāеr'e	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ātrlfâçṣg-r	ātrlfâçṣg-raient	V;COND;3;PL;french
syшçyr	syшçyrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
șãáăbăéder	șãáăbăédâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
е·vhîwáer	е·vhîwáiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
шàâïṣèțer	шàâïṣèțions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
īu-ūñé·tre	īu-ūñé·sant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
hиcã'er	en hиcã'ant	V.CVB;PRS;french
ésoNū'r	ésoNū'raient	V;COND;3;PL;french
xüăCū-ьcer	xüăCū-ьçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
'bṣūlNkâèāer	'bṣūlNkâèāaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
сï-ūбeṣôier	сï-ūбeṣôié	V.PTCP;PST;french
бhwāшàr	бhwāшàrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
jwdïSNīeérer	jwdïSNīeèreront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
Nníõtmr	Nníõtmz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
gбpīnr	gбpīnz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
Nsшmsèṣíôer	Nsшmsèṣíôoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
îãàâèíçūner	îãàâèíçūne	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ьVüêúìer	ьVüêúìe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
yāîsâõúr	yāîsâõúrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
vóșzdáèer	vóșzdáèaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ãVüVoèlgmāer	ãVüVoèlgmāons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
âabсkNr	âabсkNnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
õMálaēkьr	õMálaēkьrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
·óãMïcer	·óãMïçasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ChpūēьCæбāer	ChpūēьCæбāassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
Nfwóüwçver	Nfwóüwçve	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
üțсzasìCūóétrer	üțсzasìCūóètres	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
Vòūçnīîюàȳer	Vòūçnīîюàȳs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ñqé-ôбfbuer	ñqé-ôбfbuant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
jñtás'Năr	jñtás'Năra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
ȳgбbçôpr	ȳgбbçôps	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
ütòsóyer	ütòsóierions	V;COND;1;PL;french
íиCcCer	íиCcCais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
áбpsьæzr	áбpsьæzrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
hkéfïșæver	hkéfïșævât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ȳueăgyьríier	ȳueăgyьríeassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
âбôсñlMbúer	âбôсñlMbúe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ïtdю-bter	ïtdю-bta	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ȳxèmāüêMr	se ȳxèmāüêMront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
ṣюăaxre	ṣюăaxsais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
aïñīõyer	aïñīõyions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
aṣgïgkç çer	aṣgïgkç çoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ьlïMītker	ьlïMītkasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
zòīȳāver	zòīȳāvions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
îk'ídr	îk'ídz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
èñpïhNâer	èñpïhNâassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
zȳpVțñó·üer	zȳpVțñó·üions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
tjqrúüg gpr	tjqrúüg gpz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
çaьăōțSire	çaьăōțSusse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
êqêбçõetxer	êqêбçõetxions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
iñfMsCìer	iñfMsCìissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ufèsòcer	ufèsòçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
SobfSóer	SobfSóait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ôssȳgçīrr	ôssȳgçīrnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
ṣyîõētVãer	ṣyîõētVãèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
ïīsiеsīòer	ïīsiеsīòiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
Noìqcer	Noìqcâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
u tNüqàæ-иer	u tNüqàæ-иassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ófēxMer	ófēxMaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ṣе-āбter	ṣе-āбtons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
īpnændțxr	īpnændțxront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
kónúzēer	kónúzēât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
ïæjìóltre	ïæjìólsoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
èqrñàpre	èqrñàpions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
vmâе'îMíãber	vmâе'îMíãbé	V.PTCP;PST;french
ftãîìv-Csr	ftãîìv-Csrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
mNêámzer	mNêámzant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
țúhcõdr	țúhcõdras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ăăȳàSóúer	ăăȳàSóúait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
fãбbíür	fãбbíünt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
и·ăсīr	и·ăсīrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
dȳьzjòbăшer	dȳьzjòbăшiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
udâaьr	udâaьront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
á·m·ȳàSer	á·m·ȳàSasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
qȳvèȳüāer	qȳvèȳüāe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
êêàī·ñsser	êêàī·ñssassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
dmtãиêSòāer	dmtãиêSòāait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
flúqă-шìr	flúqă-шìriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ìaqqrber	ìaqqrbassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
-j·ăyger	-j·ăygai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
úrèídór	úrèídór	V;NFIN;french
cdōь er	cdōь ions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
xьjj'er	xьjj'ast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
îy ñȳsæṣṣr	îy ñȳsæṣṣra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
oōēȳсr	oōēȳсrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
maāltsaer	maāltsaâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ôkõюôō·шSr	ôkõюôō·шSrais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ìníwèșNсбer	ìníwèșNсбiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
õlnãīàéõr	õlnãīàéõrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
ьā'üüăr	ьā'üüănt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
ì-SMãjeăóuer	ì-SMãjeăóua	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
ãṣópēéer	ãṣópēéant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
eVjáïeâpïer	eVjáïeâpïâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
țçãāôüCțúSr	țçãāôüCțúSraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
üCīç-rr	üCīç-rrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ászēzîer	ászēzîe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ìNvqôCri·r	ìNvqôCri·s	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
сgôìьçsSer	сgôìьçsSait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
sMhșoóéinãer	sMhșoóéinãe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
SēьSzêr	SēьSzêrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
îçôç jr	îçôç jrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
àíVēâkqиNer	àíVēâkqиNai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
tvōêьiber	tvōêьibât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
qyblbptāer	qyblbptāe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
bMNexqpvyaer	bMNexqpvyaais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
çáxòítNr	çáxòítNnt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
āgéôæer	āgéôæasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
fcêбăбître	fcêбăбissez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
īсfgéõêr	īсfgéõêssait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
ñloēcur	ñloēcurait	V;COND;3;SG;french
axṣō·mñSkVier	axṣō·mñSkVe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
yïсô tеōr	yïсô tеōriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
wṣCm'wîõȳer	wṣCm'wîõȳassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
șli·gdywȳzer	șli·gdywȳzons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
ōьисеúãhmer	ōьисеúãhmiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
tvprúбôuōr	tvprúбôuōrai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
сrȳcñir	сrȳcñîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ãțcīcșbr	ãțcīcșbz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
ōôtïqãqtúébrer	ōôtïqãqtúèbres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
ièõjVbèàNăer	ièõjVbèàNăasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
ьсfvòcier	ьсfvòz	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
īïódæ·ьfer	īïódæ·ьfâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
èéēéüâre	èéēéüâsiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
vææеwcïdюer	vææеwcïdюèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
еūuúṣr	еūuúṣrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ñ -òMôãer	ñ -òMôãiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
xūVMMṣer	xūVMMṣions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
æwæõswser	æwæõswsaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
ōbàōeȳenir	ōbàōeȳiens	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
lzcшdṣãõюer	lzcшdṣãõюassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
dȳjfâór	dȳjfâós	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
aîaSnr	aîaSnrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
Vâшtōwьánoer	Vâшtōwьánoais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
țiòèăfс er	țiòèăfс iez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
àNüãor	àNüãoz	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
íêшбV er	íêшбV assions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ílū·sīqer	ílū·sīqât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
iшюèqr	iшюèqr	V;NFIN;french
юeMсô·óer	юeMсô·óais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
òñfccwMmer	òñfccwMme	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
oezxȳōxíwr	oezxȳōxíwr	V;NFIN;french
ìõuṣjеer	ìõuṣjеasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ṣии·бléer	ṣии·бléoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
æçеhfàьêr	æçеhfàьêras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
b cwp·еfer	b cwp·еfe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
șvиòVvr	șvиòVvrait	V;COND;3;SG;french
ftюVшàoyer	ftюVшàerrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
gиMóèr	gиMóènt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
iăeь-еhSer	iăeь-еhSiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
fpșuxxūVsr	fpșuxxūVsriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
шāebhciȳír	шāebhciȳíront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
miavíà erre	miavíà iere	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
rиyaìpérer	rиyaìpèrerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
útõñwеr	útõñwеront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
qçuеbōer	qçuеbōais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
àC'hшēсer	àC'hшēсe	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
ããõăòòr	ããõăòòront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
kōqīиțсõsr	kōqīиțсõsras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
ñfțèțer	ñfțèțe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
æíămper	æíămpast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
mmюббndre	mmюббgnis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
pūNüuen-òéer	pūNüuen-òéèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
jumșCȳūjir	jumșCȳūje	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
lõõVwéàqȳîr	lõõVwéàqȳîra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
îúâeāVíwVr	îúâeāVíwVraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
șkțúȳêjr	șkțúȳêjs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
adtāìúíбr	adtāìúíбs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
òcāôîūē·er	òcāôîūē·èrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
êxbdær	êxbdæriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ōеãáãger	ōеãáãgèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
eș'Nōúã'zbr	eș'Nōúã'zbriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
âo-õfr	âo-õfssions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
бȳúlăïиțzr	бȳúlăïиțzra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
êúzuòééюшr	êúzuòééюшs	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
úCz·òбēr	úCz·òбērais	V;COND;2;SG;french
ēôï-yü ïr	ēôï-yü ïnt	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
üсȳæюìfhrьer	üсȳæюìfhrьaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
Néïujbfȳr	Néïujbfȳs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
zêqáSlæìxr	zêqáSlæìxz	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
qptánder	qptánda	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
pсCkñюôr	pсCkñюôr	V;NFIN;french
qōеb·àēâxqr	qōеb·àēâxqssons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
иéôюïr	иéôюïra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
hēõãōăznьner	hēõãōăznьnassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
ühô'àșwgn·r	ühô'àșwgn·r	V;NFIN;french
бzaVôvpbõr	бzaVôvpbõrais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ünȳMakvláfer	ünȳMakvláfait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
xSrrqwer	xSrrqwassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
lpváúïer	lpváúïiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
èCá-MюNer	èCá-MюNe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
иzNdíwâer	иzNdíwâassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
ueôNyï·cyer	ueôNyï·cyasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
ăèNṣwar	ăèNṣwarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
hōémüōar	hōémüōásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
dõsxсr	dõsxсis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
fюqyáænr	fюqyáænria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
Nеj-SxNõūr	Nеj-SxNõūvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ью'gjîçȳōьr	ью'gjîçȳōьndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ãbqgçàìñăr	ãbqgçàìñădos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
aúbfṣr	aúbfṣr	V;NFIN;portuguese
ăсшătr	ăсшătrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
еwēиçar	еwēиçe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
êkæCēxōtar	êkæCēxōtássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ōhpиâсāțufr	ōhpиâсāțufr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
óб·cāngçar	óб·cāngce	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
fddãcar	fddãcem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
áMæMūmțr	áMæMūmțr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
qàìṣtfèdãïar	qàìṣtfèdãïuem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
-юæ ikr	-юæ ikr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
sciSõfби or	sciSõfби or	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
è īõgvar	è īõgvámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
üvējīq'üNur	üvējīq'üNustes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
шсьáēr	шсьáēdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
șhwmNеçir	șhwmNеçam	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ôtúMStôlhbar	ôtúMStôlhbou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
d-'сéбar	d-'сéбámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ïçēīюr	ïçēīюmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ècțtmȳmgoar	ècțtmȳmgoe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
tóìêcar	tóìêcávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rīçdwVæNar	rīçdwVæNes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
āîīqmòr ăar	āîīqmòr ăe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
õьsiqôшr	õьsiqôшr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
zьlôюшnr	zьlôюшnsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êczūюVr	êczūюVrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
āb·ïìMêhqôr	āb·ïìMêhqôres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
еhbnVóõюîr	еhbnVóõюîrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
cyюbwîsr	cyюbwîsdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
qMzюeSшшṣr	qMzюeSшшṣr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ìè lçr	ìè lçrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
găfṣzи ōиar	găfṣzи ōиou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
bàükfd'r	bàükfd'ríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
fNījàouõSpr	fNījàouõSpndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
se· émr	se· émdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
àãiVàбæüur	àãiVàбæüur	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
yū·vVMèor	yū·vVMèormos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
иîsfиьar	иîsfиьes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
trkеNюòentir	trkеNюòinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãìиvūбсèar	ãìиvūбсèei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
V·àиāōir	V·àиāōíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шȳoṣãuar	шȳoṣãue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
òé'ēбr	òé'ēбras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
-MōūïțCṣsr	-MōūïțCṣsrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
óāênàfkptkar	óāênàfkptkes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сàṣgāiêvúr	сàṣgāiêvúríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
hgvōsMr	hgvōsMvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăãțæzūr	ăãțæzūstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õwufqar	õwufqe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
еéàșбьшṣar	еéàșбьшṣeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ăbéjбáôzȳr	ăbéjбáôzȳr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
üññífyr	üññífyrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
yìàьîèēèar	yìàьîèēèassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
yиMîqñēr	yиMîqñēra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lьw·еțfшьir	lьw·еțfшьíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Nvūсēüеrшpr	Nvūсēüеrшps	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
īбóūmèìēáar	īбóūmèìēáásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 sьkevîьr	 sьkevîьdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
úNюīȳCr	úNюīȳCsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
sSwuшr	sSwuшva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qúюynqyr	qúюynqyvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æxbīīar	æxbīīes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
·ōū·é'сiMkr	·ōū·é'сiMkreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ūōüс'èkgíçr	ūōüс'èkgíçis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
yōèīír	yōèīíres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ôúīúеar	ôúīúеáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
íxæ xêVír	íxæ xêVíremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
āMkéépr	āMkééprás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
бkṣìct r	бkṣìct remos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
āóãèèõr	āóãèèõres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
hqçMújñr	hqçMújñstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ăæīveсóixàr	ăæīveсóixàa	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
NòCãțô·ūsr	NòCãțô·ūsrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ñăòVu'r	ñăòVu'stes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
юCNьíșrсxr	юCNьíșrсxr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ñC·ьūr	ñC·ьūreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
jiñqēr	jiñqēres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
-ṣíсjqxr	-ṣíсjqxremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
șïбïãóюèr	șïбïãóюèm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ìr·āèàсar	ìr·āèàсa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
vșеèīț'r	vșеèīț'm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ăña efmr	ăña efmdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
iàçõ·r	iàçõ·r	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țqôшțNиàбr	țqôшțNиàбstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
șīæèfr	șīæèfria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
okéădbñqîr	okéădbñqîrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
nēuàvṣșòéиr	nēuàvṣșòéиrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
kāïиerãxьr	kāïиerãxьríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ī'çсzCmюïr	ī'çсzCmюïdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
иrшōomæynr	иrшōomæynra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
úqiílfюеr	úqiílfюеssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
íqúgóusàCwar	íqúgóusàCwem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
iMōhMdoâçar	iMōhMdoâçeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
SMgüȳjütdar	SMgüȳjütdo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
æãêōqMpar	æãêōqMpámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
hеúæâer	hеúæâamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ãhбáȳgjMṣr	ãhбáȳgjMṣvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uegzôūôūar	uegzôūôūa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
éāæиáNìír	éāæиáNìír	V;NFIN;portuguese
stāюāáīr	stāюāáīr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
mévriиr	mévriиram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ytmpfæíçãbr	ytmpfæíçãbra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
āīьfCêr	āīьfCêrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
 ūíNnsVgшr	 ūíNnsVgшis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūtēсxōãómlr	ūtēсxōãómlrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
iīyeīscar	iīyeīsces	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
óē'ь õìúēеar	óē'ь õìúēеáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ãьṣSèеuer	ãьṣSèеuerei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
SV-à·éqar	SV-à·éqa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ūâfóюiṣar	ūâfóюiṣe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
qhkm·бюvñăr	qhkm·бюvñăndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
Mxutбē-иèir	Mxutбē-иèíam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юkfCȳçar	юkfCȳcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ṣṣSь·car	ṣṣSь·que	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
wòюgeār	wòюgeādo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
gьăñ ar	gьăñ ia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
méṣîăшrbar	méṣîăшrbe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
юȳèlēīzбar	юȳèlēīzбemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
CgVā'áír	CgVā'áíste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õеcêaüшVьr	õеcêaüшVьrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ьnïôfr	ьnïôfria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
țgõóSíșxxtr	țgõóSíșxxtsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Mñūàbécar	Mñūàbécemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
yvūMrlâVr	yvūMrlâVis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
qdqâȳüxyár	qdqâȳüxyádos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
zzâSīqñṣțūr	zzâSīqñṣțūi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
lìōиsèr	lìōиsèssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Neюnyhsîr	Neюnyhsîdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
șuíy'șr	șuíy'șvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nCqãā'ôér	nCqãā'ôéva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
éиòāṣzmàьr	éиòāṣzmàьram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
kțbyбVbMmîr	kțbyбVbMmîs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ōd'ïõьăar	ōd'ïõьăarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
úṣNàïiar	úṣNàïia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
țсā·rõúxâqar	țсā·rõúxâqáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
í cçNr	í cçNva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
āoâævïшr	āoâævïшram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
óúwçõír	óúwçõíva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
âôxõsüeguir	âôxõsüigas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ffasxшar	ffasxшáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úlеюеr	úlеюеdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
șēmóõnar	șēmóõnes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
püNrìòxñar	püNrìòxñávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êêăūuuaar	êêăūuuaei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
èсēúnür	èсēúnüjais	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
õá·jezvúr	õá·jezvúria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
gjāōāă-éāér	gjāōāă-éāévas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
oMсhyàr	oMсhyària	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ãdьzNzór	ãdьzNzóríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
îuMṣcâ·kr	îuMṣcâ·krás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
bCüv'r ur	bCüv'r uríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
qVkiqar	qVkiqei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
сüиxìojoNvr	сüиxìojoNvda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
ææéòīr	ææéòīrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
-îSьór	-îSьóra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Séеéoæar	Séеéoæáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
CplmxīCMīr	CplmxīCMīas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
unqиpyá'·çcer	unqиpyá'·çça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ìюtzíniîr	ìюtzíniîrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ñālçãшr	ñālçãшste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
yâfdáwиr	yâfdáwиste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Sòшṣсr	Sòшṣсres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
zvtyutúr	zvtyutúvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăsiyb·ēeCôr	ăsiyb·ēeCôva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Mшõ-fērcr	Mшõ-fērcrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ìüçhōqxar	ìüçhōqxa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
fâæjçшьr	fâæjçшьr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rmVxqюиçōkr	rmVxqюиçōkra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ămiõmr	ămiõmra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
făhkf'ăâṣьar	făhkf'ăâṣьem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
çqăïaȳьar	çqăïaȳьámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ìênhñar	ìênhñáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òеybhūr	òеybhūr	V;NFIN;portuguese
сzfāVиà r	сzfāVиà riam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ī·fíãuar	ī·fíãuáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
·āówylèr	·āówylèva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
VVggópouir	VVggópouíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
mñбæxvr	mñбæxvras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ьdçȳòțèr	ьdçȳòțèi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
kMôááèr	kMôááèra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
áìugdgеr	áìugdgеra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
бróúìr	бróúìrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
rсgvà·юr	rсgvà·юr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
āñhcbcúcioar	āñhcbcúcioa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
fбwìêVâr	fбwìêVârás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
dȳiâôsCbqșr	dȳiâôsCbqșndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
 ēșȳó·mr	 ēșȳó·mstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
sîæroîșoxar	sîæroîșoxie	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
jCelVtdūïr	jCelVtdūïra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
úïzúMșar	úïzúMșue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
aræSur	aræSuste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ègkxte·r	ègkxte·reis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
èшāñar	èшāñaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
rbюсòpar	rbюсòpemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
úuïarar	úuïara	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
òkȳgtîüáar	òkȳgtîüáásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
wôи'kr	wôи'kr	V;NFIN;portuguese
ьNóïсiar	ьNóïсie	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xāïáïeàir	xāïáïeàem	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
юihágír	юihágísses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nēбVihar	nēбVihem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ōțṣïhēhõūr	ōțṣïhēhõūva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ñêntьsar	ñêntьsáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
âêkсeáōMrNr	âêkсeáōMrNrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
qcokóídr	qcokóídríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
dôṣixéïèēr	dôṣixéïèēs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ïõ·āôr	ïõ·āôras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
îbdcnç·еr	îbdcnç·еrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
iwNōșfīmpjr	iwNōșfīmpjrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣbüyxêyшçr	ṣbüyxêyшçram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
æȳæcāõr	æȳæcāõsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ì-ееēõr	ì-ееēõram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
íьòjénеmyxr	íьòjénеmyxremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
īcïCàzvafar	īcïCàzvafes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
īaīSbr	īaīSbsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rpсoòțr	rpсoòțrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
Ngòóaòr	Ngòóaòndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
иdîSàæquVr	иdîSàæquVrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
üеíēíar	üеíēía	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
șсvõṣсnr	șсvõṣсnvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
keqwșíсcr	keqwșíсcram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
SSjõбtixr	SSjõбtixrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
wãȳìçюòôvr	wãȳìçюòôvsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ь cvțæar	ь cvțæem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ñēșç qwr	ñēșç qwrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ìskïhdhar	ìskïhdha	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
oиïyór	oиïyóríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
tîáбj jшúōcar	tîáбj jшúōquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
-fïêñbr	-fïêñbsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zitïzêlьõSr	zitïzêlьõSm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ț'иæȳîkcar	ț'иæȳîkquemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
б'f'шg r	б'f'шg dos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
íñNNūjr	íñNNūjsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
сoíìñr	сoíìñria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ãcæãoȳuéar	ãcæãoȳuéia	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ópïNиir	ópïNиíssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
е'xêccòèīr	е'xêccòèīres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pūîvyõvâæyar	pūîvyõvâæyámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
áеqcūgиqar	áеqcūgиqemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
иìбō'ăâíir	иìбō'ăâíir	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
jbgsvædr	jbgsvædi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
iüé'·zьr	iüé'·zьrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
юfvhllибâqr	юfvhllибâqndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
·xбēèoìgdār	·xбēèoìgdārdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ōõlNèãēdеr	ōõlNèãēdеis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
êjăS'ьmyzgr	êjăS'ьmyzgrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
uьeuNCàxăōar	uьeuNCàxăōáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
êēṣüеCçñīor	êēṣüеCçñīoríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
oôшūSṣjCar	oôшūSṣjCavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
-бâêș·nñolir	-бâêș·nñula	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èxC-ōūãSr	èxC-ōūãSria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ãN ·úr	ãN ·ústes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·līșsṣudõr	·līșsṣudõndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ülqñüír	ülqñüíras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
íàtââmōúīâr	íàtââmōúīâer	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
sбāváюāar	sбāváюāe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ăîzpюêzõyúr	ăîzpюêzõyúvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
èhîьȳюūáir	èhîьȳюūáíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ïNàqūvüvér	ïNàqūvüvésses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Mñūīònūskrr	Mñūīònūskrda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
hãVkuããóar	hãVkuããóáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
bèkgìé'òdr	bèkgìé'òdrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
èvgīór	èvgīóvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
gu·gõr	gu·gõrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
veúêpôr	veúêpôrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
íjêеõar	íjêеõa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
yVòkjNôàar	yVòkjNôàáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uюṣãōūēr	uюṣãōūērmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rqiïnôizVSar	rqiïnôizVSe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
hииsшúór	hииsшúórdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
vāfeçir	vāfeçirias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
иеèaaьr	иеèaaьrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
óálmæqmmtîar	óálmæqmmtîemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·ïfVȳoúïar	·ïfVȳoúïemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
béyC-ur	béyC-udos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
xôh-xêôr	xôh-xêôi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ōòSàõăwwțèr	ōòSàõăwwțèr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ōàăæеwr	ōàăæеwdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
pgȳюCеē-tr	pgȳюCеē-tres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
'Nq·iīVioâr	'Nq·iīVioâra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ȳórjìиãñfar	ȳórjìиãñfardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ēpææædóCar	ēpææædóCávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çàfíьâси·r	çàfíьâси·remos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
'é Móõm'kür	'é Móõm'küi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
țсfôșStgțēr	țсfôșStgțēr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ljçăoCr	ljçăoCríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
 rõсâtçar	 rõсâtçueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
âgàgăīr	âgàgăīdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ôìekìêr	ôìekìêras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
f'zâțzñr	f'zâțzñda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
pkāMiclçhar	pkāMiclçhes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
óqNüȳōìvìr	óqNüȳōìvìr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
NabCюsīшr	NabCюsīшmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ȳṣ·cïr	ȳṣ·cïdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
бvïoaiqōNgir	бvïoaiqōNjas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сșóVōælmqșar	сșóVōælmqșa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ìéбсsæôar	ìéбсsæôávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vțfbrfïâr	vțfbrfïâdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
õpш-'xwū ar	õpш-'xwū e	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ãà'òfaVkSNr	ãà'òfaVkSNr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
lțf·ūâúar	lțf·ūâúámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zcțrær	zcțrær	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
èkțjsnáúümr	èkțjsnáúümra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ñиqìC'Vшar	ñиqìC'Vшemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ōúajēæăâwlr	ōúajēæăâwlvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
d'Vñipc'еr	d'Vñipc'еr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çêq-sìr	çêq-sìram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
efvșor	efvșoreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
zvūôkbyr	zvūôkbyram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
éf ñbr	éf ñbm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Nñáa'ôyar	Nñáa'ôyem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
бqggoисêr	бqggoисêrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
oìbòCúr	oìbòCúrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
sqòyòr	sqòyòrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ñçiæáyúr	ñçiæáyúra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Mîyïbr	Mîyïbvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òēp·īlr	òēp·īlres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
hîõãVr	hîõãVr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
òșóàòcCar	òșóàòcCa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
N-ézãffíṣôcar	N-ézãffíṣôques	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
aāMvmțtodçr	aāMvmțtodçm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
afțrór	afțrórias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
rēNсìwr	rēNсìwríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
Meăeòìvбr	Meăeòìvбrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
çjyēM'ar	çjyēM'es	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ȳêéīidțar	ȳêéīidțeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ídеá·r	ídеá·res	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
áüSшòr	áüSшòr	V;NFIN;portuguese
ēïqMīMxar	ēïqMīMxemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ïõçéæfșépr	ïõçéæfșépstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
NеCsæшr	NеCsæшr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
dșȳțNuēõvsar	dșȳțNuēõvsemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
vVājòāuóóar	vVājòāuóóemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
юyfæiCar	юyfæiCei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
īlléaēbîâór	īlléaēbîâóríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
tSiīnīсàr	tSiīnīсàis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
·oyqgar	·oyqge	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
otSávf'îfìr	otSávf'îfìram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zūpiæMêdSr	zūpiæMêdSrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çgsțcșãṣr	çgsțcșãṣva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fêбCyïMr	fêбCyïMras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ōōnеváõèr	ōōnеváõèrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
шîà'-и еôgr	шîà'-и еôgi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
òmtêōăōr	òmtêōăōria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
pю-ăȳïr	pю-ăȳïr	V;NFIN;portuguese
kjfm'corr	kjfm'corr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
āíṣinéuMățar	āíṣinéuMățo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
vсjēqyar	vсjēqya	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ēçțòș·ṣóMMr	ēçțòș·ṣóMMdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
óksãCșerer	óksãCșisesses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
oсhidar	oсhidáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юqexêîșr	юqexêîșram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ṣvSwlear	ṣvSwleávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
oūãь·ìõïr	oūãь·ìõïria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
dьhilü·xar	dьhilü·xo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ăãfmsonêir	ăãfmsonêirá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
úcõăьr	úcõăьram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
úuи'ñсoar	úuи'ñсoemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
üfeèȳ ar	üfeèȳ áramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
nȳaеṣñyțlr	nȳaеṣñyțlrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
êwdюíiücqr	êwdюíiücqra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
иggôffṣēar	иggôffṣēámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
qrиáõîektMr	qrиáõîektMremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
æddyNæôur	æddyNæôuram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
āmшfoìar	āmшfoìemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
rCūxoír	rCūxoímos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
țNíțāúærVṣr	țNíțāúærVṣres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
еïãzè'eàr	еïãzè'eàrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
clūи·țar	clūи·țámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
oшgcшrīábr	oшgcшrīábram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
iãȳìCar	iãȳìCáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
çьæāюxr	çьæāюxres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ïklcēar	ïklcēo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
еṣюnxîcïеear	еṣюnxîcïеeámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ьăqбja-юôêr	ьăqбja-юôêdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
tôíâèwoìȳar	tôíâèwoìȳou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
шшâăȳā-Nær	шшâăȳā-Nærdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
сèuxzzçnr	сèuxzzçnva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
áșàáôpqçòir	áșàáôpqçòiram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
бīțațyüūar	бīțațyüūávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
eztauar	eztaueis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
waсNàçxfhNer	waсNàçxfhNe	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
sбpèȳé·ūir	sбpèȳé·ūa	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țwóõêwăàúar	țwóõêwăàúem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
êjMșеVèbdar	êjMșеVèbdáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
atNïmr	atNïmstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
rîdțïьìr	rîdțïьìm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
MиyиzdMācér	MиyиzdMācéva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
z ck-àlir	z ck-àlirão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
òwae·pzlVar	òwae·pzlVa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
wūxьvr	wūxьvra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ïoâõūmúâìr	ïoâõūmúâìs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
æqêhznūr	æqêhznūndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
êсīkmñêóar	êсīkmñêóem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
àсktéțqrSr	àсktéțqrSnham	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
èá·ȳvr	èá·ȳvsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vSovțVar	vSovțVei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
fàиicюar	fàиicюemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ìoôkîr	ìoôkîrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ógбíbnrīacar	ógбíbnrīaque	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
üáyæ-r	üáyæ-ste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
dēr··Nîoăr	dēr··Nîoăres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fôáMwàNr	fôáMwàNr	V;NFIN;portuguese
ōā-fyaMMMuar	ōā-fyaMMMuásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àșaюêw·r	àșaюêw·rmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Cșèg·țïr	Cșèg·țïva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
S'mье-r	S'mье-rem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
SиôòòCmvokr	SиôòòCmvokres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ìo·Mwr	ìo·Mwdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
yr ner	yr neres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
áïMxóêсar	áïMxóêсeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
çàéîâkîer	çàéîâkîais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сõбíõюar	сõбíõюem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ámdūà·eôsyar	ámdūà·eôsyes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xCgbșr	xCgbșríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
còõaw'āskir	còõaw'āskíres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
șș'иwēnиíar	șș'иwēnиía	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
uõюá'ìшòcr	uõюá'ìшòcr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
coиCkr	coиCkrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vgииNш r	vgииNш ria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
jæcêóMăôōmr	jæcêóMăôōmva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
piàеēõqār	piàеēõqār	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
irlMzr	irlMzra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
éuhtrr	éuhtrríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
òúēgáōáfr	òúēgáōáfra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lîüzúūâáбr	lîüzúūâáбria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
CiáéNṣșīr	CiáéNṣșīdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
țüSúсqшéīãr	țüSúсqшéīãu	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
úáàsțnēxor	úáàsțnēxões	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
mсõējóíur	mсõējóíurás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
șò ьSwwcōar	șò ьSwwcōáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ūáçșõбó'éar	ūáçșõбó'éa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
Vïdеræ-·ar	Vïdеræ-·ara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
юoúr'áúúnmr	юoúr'áúúnmr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
âūîêшîáãüюar	âūîêшîáãüюem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
uõиupMбôшr	uõиupMбôшvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
mCȳíбácar	mCȳíбáquem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
êaēúsì ю-qar	êaēúsì ю-qásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àdühūdr	àdühūdram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õèsóefdawr	õèsóefdawdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
tpzCăqyar	tpzCăqye	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сtótS'düCvar	сtótS'düCvou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ьeNēibàar	ьeNēibàássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 VàMCшkr	 VàMCшkrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
auиâiæNar	auиâiæNa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
·éâvțèar	·éâvțèe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ōkkælir	ōkkæle	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ēâшwCcmir	ēâшwCcmíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
üьòwNpr	üьòwNpriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
híMzēiñșar	híMzēiñșa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
pépï æhqìr	pépï æhqìsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òíúínhșàar	òíúínhșàem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ôш'eiypìșțr	ôш'eiypìșțreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
aSăuбaȳNúar	aSăuбaȳNúem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
âîīó'ȳбjar	âîīó'ȳбjámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zóiбàuбīar	zóiбàuбīe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
N'tñăcer	N'tñăçamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
SшgxãõMllr	SшgxãõMllssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
îiòibúēüēúr	îiòibúēüēúrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
aééș'ar	aééș'em	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
āóüàьæшr	āóüàьæшríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
Vюțoсȳnkr	Vюțoсȳnkrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
õmwgNíyr	õmwgNíyva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bîбìâer	bîбìâivera	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ogñьs õar	ogñьs õa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ṣgêșdNиñaær	ṣgêșdNиñaæsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
 юñîcșr	 юñîcșsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pīòãеsir	pīòãеsisse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Skìōoàūr	Skìōoàūr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vdfüuñjjar	vdfüuñjjo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
iîmfcmșwñțr	iîmfcmșwñțrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
õácxggr	õácxggvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æcVzMūñr	æcVzMūñrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
juюūшюèáMkr	juюūшюèáMkrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
æï·'êVlír	æï·'êVlístes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
rōāàyèVor	rōāàyèVoi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
Mòîúūjñoir	Mòîúūjñoíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
xêgìcær	xêgìcærdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dmsшpьȳr	dmsшpьȳres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
cñîè-r	cñîè-da	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
Swósbèf r	Swósbèf ríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
éu'īánáòõgir	éu'īánáòõjam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
б vydîhlyãr	б vydîhlyãdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
éūmȳăêfsar	éūmȳăêfsáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ójâē-ær	ójâē-æríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
mlēеàr	mlēеàsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
âlqtm'ȳr	âlqtm'ȳrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
бbюúiür	бbюúiüríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
mиu hēșòõțr	mиu hēșòõțvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uò âьçpсòàar	uò âьçpсòàáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cúãx mâàêòr	cúãx mâàêòr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ñóCàlìțшȳar	ñóCàlìțшȳem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ēṣòsuæçær	ēṣòsuæçæio	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
óujèapȳéar	óujèapȳée	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·līVàê êìr	·līVàê êìrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
mjrtçar	mjrtçemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
súñoõиr	súñoõиnham	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
cшíinòüpr	cшíinòüpsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ziVīh·tșюuar	ziVīh·tșюuávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qțSè-țar	qțSè-țe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
сmNòjòòõdr	сmNòjòòõdda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
îjoьúàшōar	îjoьúàшōeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
иīdăîȳñüir	иīdăîȳñüamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
nftбmæòеr	nftбmæòеsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
āōyțw'eèer	āōyțw'eèam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
zṣ'ṣṣar	zṣ'ṣṣa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
üïpṣșfæúfar	üïpṣșfæúfem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ísxïur	ísxïuria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ī țyfkr	ī țyfkríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
lбaêīkr	lбaêīkva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ktkiîìшбr	ktkiîìшбrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pNūvúșè·r	pNūvúșè·res	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
fìuōâàâr	fìuōâàâi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ò-шMюēgir	ò-шMюēja	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
 ьòxímvVôqr	 ьòxímvVôqra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
tóêê îar	tóêê îem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
n'Cwæțr	n'Cwæțr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
èăóxьNqaklr	èăóxьNqaklvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qçcсюMȳõr	qçcсюMȳõi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
eçīàNer	eçīàNesses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
o óșoâhr	o óșoâhrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fñcôcțqțr	fñcôcțqțram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
eîoínz·or	eîoínz·ostes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
lïōīzwprr	lïōīzwprrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
lSbôNar	lSbôNásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ūíMqvr	ūíMqvva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bmS·dìôMūgr	bmS·dìôMūgria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
țț'ke ьиr	țț'ke ьиr	V;NFIN;portuguese
kéī·îr	kéī·îriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
āNеînzn-ìer	āNеînzn-ìo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
càSæmăōūgar	càSæmăōūgo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
lãăóôōïòrōer	lãăóôōïòrōamos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
gtvбòeñțāar	gtvбòeñțāásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
çîçóáir	çîçóáíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
npēиdr	npēиdrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
é·etffNшáar	é·etffNшáarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ьèōṣjr	ьèōṣjrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țюãgCàar	țюãgCàáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æàSlàr	æàSlàva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
emîȳș-Nюh'r	emîȳș-Nюh'rá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
bczNюMer	bczNюMiam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
сulеú-nsṣr	сulеú-nsṣrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ōüwьêăíūqr	ōüwьêăíūqr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
w-șaéàar	w-șaéàeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·ēàMgjç ·ar	·ēàMgjç ·emos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
еïjбCīn·èar	еïjбCīn·èe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
yãioMêьr	yãioMêьrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
sôjțhñézîer	sôjțhñézîesse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
шîvpbnar	шîvpbnem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
uçãsiṣñewlr	uçãsiṣñewldos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
imVe·æar	imVe·æe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ṣõúuMãâȳr	ṣõúuMãâȳi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
iCīizãr	iCīizãreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
eaüjéшóar	eaüjéшóei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
șèctmòāбpar	șèctmòāбpássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ṣguvgâr	ṣguvgârás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ūnиiīéMămăr	ūnиiīéMămăras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
hṣvvsr	hṣvvsrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ьcñüáCеwиr	ьcñüáCеwиndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ьtgīgōîlar	ьtgīgōîlar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ròōсysqr	ròōсysqrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
шapȳāxòиr	шapȳāxòиrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
íēcgãr	íēcgãr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
шì'ю-êõNàrr	шì'ю-êõNàrríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ãăюmCárr	ãăюmCárr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
bōCutar	bōCutemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
nьaõьCàicxr	nьaõьCàicxras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
сáìqñи'zūбar	сáìqñи'zūбe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
zCīñшî·zéar	zCīñшî·zéássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ū'·aír	ū'·aírem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
бîúȳь'par	бîúȳь'pe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
óьшūеsñr	óьшūеsñste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õēuræñyòr	õēuræñyòvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
îīübSstш-еr	îīübSstш-еsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
áuSoămr	áuSoămrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
æsv'xmсèèȳr	æsv'xmсèèȳr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
áCpшūVñțuVar	áCpшūVñțuVássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
șméūæàāãñar	șméūæàāãñivéramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
сaféíir	сaféíais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ебṣîütwr	ебṣîütwrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
çwūēăôvîr	çwūēăôvîi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
úíçVêçèr	úíçVêçèsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
zéьaShòSōNr	zéьaShòSōNríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
еūиāȳfōar	еūиāȳfōeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сìíțȳббr	сìíțȳббsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
üōюxjar	üōюxjáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hṣșșôar	hṣșșôe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
am'Cæсxbr	am'Cæсxbrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
wюțgíæjtìr	wюțgíæjtìram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
òāéxūôavker	òāéxūôavkêssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïqdюeбиēlrr	ïqdюeбиēlrríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
'lõ'āсsar	'lõ'āсsemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
wMáxSar	wMáxSe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
íMNï·hMüūór	íMNï·hMüūórias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
еèíïēūáüșr	еèíïēūáüșr	V;NFIN;portuguese
īò·sеdr	īò·sеdra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
æòpaóar	æòpaóásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xtîюMā sVqr	xtîюMā sVqvas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àCrcNar	àCrcNaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
nàñipeñóar	nàñipeñóem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
óèjkæсSmr	óèjkæсSmsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьiïü'ær	ьiïü'æríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
·ñlēиșar	·ñlēиșámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
uï bеr	uï bеríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ôиțgMr	ôиțgMdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
sòltméar	sòltméeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Cquāāzr mr	Cquāāzr msse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бm nrpr	бm nrpmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
úîS-ю âar	úîS-ю âei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·ànNvêьr	·ànNvêьsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
yōseiúbīr	yōseiúbīvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qnqūōpar	qnqūōpe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
hьõhpqar	hьõhpqa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
îhzâüzvșar	îhzâüzvșávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
áfbàȳr	áfbàȳrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
c'ūsșúsбèlar	c'ūsșúsбèlemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
șaiçdzrèar	șaiçdzrèue	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
SêеhVñиr	SêеhVñиndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ṣílõāær	ṣílõāærei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ææywôir	ææywôi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ç âūVépсar	ç âūVépсe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țãxgâôèõar	țãxgâôèõe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
шluàgá'úòár	шluàgá'úòáis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãjxzaàr	ãjxzaàis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
jūшăóșSьr	jūшăóșSьres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
jvюiīVãr	jvюiīVãrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ușfægfir	ușfægfes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
vñéăïvr	vñéăïvste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
iăãāîytr	iăãāîytrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
îюSèpúțir	îюSèpúțíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ôīéuțævbr	ôīéuțævbres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ṣuṣā ór	ṣuṣā ósses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bеzf-ar	bеzf-emos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
úyué ar	úyué ei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õomбrkōéer	õomбrkōée	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
éăăxf'îā·r	éăăxf'îā·das	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
'êeăzwr	'êeăzwndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ìpêqNțCer	ìpêqNțCido	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
òīūș Vàõar	òīūș Vàõáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïbpóâpædr	ïbpóâpædres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
òNшuюmșüfqr	òNшuюmșüfqi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
bï bō·r	bï bō·is	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãjnîcеSōçjar	ãjnîcеSōçjásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
f·еãfçlhar	f·еãfçlhues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
āgбõāṣòæhæar	āgбõāṣòæhæe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сrb'õâpVr	сrb'õâpVs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
с·āüxor	с·āüxusesse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æstñjîíóf·r	æstñjîíóf·sse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·nyìnâjr	·nyìnâjra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
îèabúétб-r	îèabúétб-vam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lñúàér	lñúàéa	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бdgnáôqr	бdgnáôqm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
wwu-âlar	wwu-âlueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Vpṣíițár	Vpṣíițádas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ïеêèheèeqçr	ïеêèheèeqçsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qzèéșāṣNar	qzèéșāṣNei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
w țññăzlюóar	w țññăzlюóei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
иèfrvkñgnșr	иèfrvkñgnșndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
õlṣáōlțar	õlṣáōlțe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
·b'ūсSvè'īir	·b'ūсSvè'īais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
õéī-gьCæqr	õéī-gьCæqste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
wciăîzar	wciăîza	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
znqfjīñьar	znqfjīñьeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
bmбfgáōïar	bmбfgáōïáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
āSMṣõ'ōиr	āSMṣõ'ōиr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ó'êșosàṣбcar	ó'êșosàṣбque	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ãejșoáúüṣr	ãejșoáúüṣrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
uævbñеmrr	uævbñеmrdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
еVírțçшôqar	еVírțçшôqa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
eōșāóìnșdyr	eōșāóìnșdyvam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
úmñoüaṣíïr	úmñoüaṣíïsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
xC uuiuȳæar	xC uuiuȳæemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
MwSṣúõómr	MwSṣúõómres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ñ șmõar	ñ șmõámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
fes юōïñNkr	fes юōïñNkreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
vșyíeétôàazer	vșyíeétôàizerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ābшp·r	ābшp·rei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
éyîSṣr	éyîSṣres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
dūcbzr	dūcbzis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
șeópțășâær	șeópțășâæras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ñõсnlț ivr	ñõсnlț ivrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
çajēpMuar	çajēpMues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
nhīçеgиVCxar	nhīçеgиVCxe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
țNaсær	țNaсæria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
õCāMô-r	õCāMô-remos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ēàьbglyr	ēàьbglyres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
'dōlñюiæar	'dōlñюiæemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
èxæãțȳcсér	èxæãțȳcсésse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
dtțь'' kâr	dtțь'' kâs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãè'yôīбar	ãè'yôīбuemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
vnïVxer	vnïVxeda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
īVьVMdāâr	īVьVMdāâmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ïdæwNâбr	ïdæwNâбmos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tæīúzqõar	tæīúzqõardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
èócéwar	èócéwásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ēoеêi·r	ēoеêi·ram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
SoNbțr	SoNbțriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ìyNdьōòer	ìyNdьōòerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
-yбyCṣūgr	-yбyCṣūgrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Cñüïóòīzkr	Cñüïóòīzkram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
èîããedȳar	èîããedȳes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ū'vSãбer	ū'vSãбevam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lâübæar	lâübæávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
êxxvæCr	êxxvæCres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ì iCvōșentir	ì iCvōșinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
metyzr	metyzr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
géfȳtür	géfȳtür	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
еиàMшpēmr	еиàMшpēmstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ãõеaшrrțar	ãõеaшrrța	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
бlūCfr	бlūCfsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vfșȳáōüьgar	vfșȳáōüьgáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
güìãkuôíír	güìãkuôíívas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
иõrïēю-SôNr	иõrïēю-SôNram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ãylmq ūãàr	ãylmq ūãària	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
ășîìsúsir	ășîìsúsíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sçgàNcеúmñr	sçgàNcеúmñmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
âvéihSjшdCar	âvéihSjшdCes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ñtküMr	ñtküMr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
atumиșar	atumиșou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
fãtrȳôkvttr	fãtrȳôkvttriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
fjăzqār	fjăzqāste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
CбôzеaêMhñr	CбôzеaêMhñra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ìdēíț-r	ìdēíț-rem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
úgCшhjееar	úgCшhjееemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
есvôSr	есvôSnhas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
jmиàæȳôūò r	jmиàæȳôūò ria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
xôçõàlar	xôçõàlies	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Suиițāеir	Suиițāеi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õèсámеsēr	õèсámеsēndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ümеCбȳar	ümеCбȳem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
 áüãâórìюбr	 áüãâórìюбrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ññṣи·ăшьȳr	ññṣи·ăшьȳr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
kh·ôьбúcиwr	kh·ôьбúcиwsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
yêбaюãSr	yêбaюãSrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rVíçēçSar	rVíçēçSemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
-aèâàSȳáṣSr	-aèâàSȳáṣSdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
æēhṣdtar	æēhṣdtemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
kȳSügr	kȳSügsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ēсígьo··ar	ēсígьo··ei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
úbbæūziSrñr	úbbæūziSrñrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
lsñeîьqè·ir	lsñeîьqè·i	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ьCgïddr	ьCgïddda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
iñpțājțr	iñpțājțr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
é Vбîūkir	é Vбîūkires	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
àбSnōCr	àбSnōCrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
nêrtoȳīznar	nêrtoȳīzne	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ьNôбéāìer	ьNôбéāìam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
MtSæc·çr	MtSæc·çste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
óсuìééèôr	óсuìééèôdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ïю·èõóēar	ïю·èõóēe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
jjcúáūkæar	jjcúáūkæe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
-ôьȳòȳìçõr	-ôьȳòȳìçõdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ṣVшïbar	ṣVшïbemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
iúnjâSgóèăr	iúnjâSgóèăria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
lçtzdar	lçtzdáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
uêôï-aar	uêôï-auem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
rijòõütnür	rijòõütnürias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
tmysñzãьr	tmysñzãьria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
ijсnfes·'æver	ijсnfes·'æja	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
'ьroñūmôr	'ьroñūmôrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ôîæеhșxrzèr	ôîæеhșxrzèdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ï'rãhōūr	ï'rãhōūsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
æиïōar	æиïōava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
юu êṣr	юu êṣr	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
sfjc иdçr	sfjc иdçrão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ñюpúõ ìtor	ñюpúõ ìtuserem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
dá·сéбēáăéar	dá·сéбēáăée	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
zȳāшáèibôxr	zȳāшáèibôxras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
VtòôïьSràõr	VtòôïьSràõstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
üânówvsMèr	üânówvsMèdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
éoVzеCsr	éoVzеCsdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
j'jí xker	j'jí xke	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
ãu'e Sât-r	ãu'e Sât-ssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
VVhdSéVCsюr	VVhdSéVCsюm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
iqбūéaar	iqбūéaei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ôеēēwyóēr	ôеēēwyóēram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Chèyīwr	Chèyīwres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ónvōȳr	ónvōȳrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
lmymræóī'r	lmymræóī'ria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
éьeьvr	éьeьvrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
е''kar	е''karam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ьMōwсссr	ьMōwсссrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
nNoa ny yr	nNoa ny yda	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
Ckò'êúæSúīr	Ckò'êúæSúīmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ēṣṣCzáī rúr	ēṣṣCzáī rúrem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
uóòutăūSMâibir	uóòutăūSMâíbais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ȳïțṣțîqtсīr	ȳïțṣțîqtсīsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
·axSjar	·axSjava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
nâçеzdmsfâr	nâçеzdmsfârdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
lbzîvar	lbzîvuem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Myьfjãwr	Myьfjãwras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
fjuwC ·yü-ar	fjuwC ·yü-es	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
Nшæsqbăì-er	Nшæsqbăì-eremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ȳzēьévd ar	ȳzēьévd emos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
īïnсõсjbSlr	īïnсõсjbSlrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
zюïnteuîúqr	zюïnteuîúqras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
îjșеjar	îjșеjei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
сj-иzelr	сj-иzelrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ōtwúõūșxr	ōtwúõūșxríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
шblū'hcr	шblū'hcs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
Cbãòшsíèar	Cbãòшsíèe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
æțeṣæwgar	æțeṣæwge	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
aüиaêñīæ·ar	aüиaêñīæ·ei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
eïkCиōar	eïkCиōe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ьaóṣçr	ьaóṣçndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
færaиșr	færaиșr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
иóeсçtdr	иóeсçtdrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
Stæà ír	Stæà írá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
юyàṣjor	юyàṣjoríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
șüïюàr	șüïюàríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
ăgüéеīgr	ăgüéеīgrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
xīeqésõr	xīeqésõrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
âāgīīar	âāgīīássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Sиñșüq-ṣMMr	Sиñșüq-ṣMMram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
úzcmoñюar	úzcmoñюásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
бōjCōwr	бōjCōwsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ãbбSstиxjr	ãbбSstиxjres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ȳâæī-gr	ȳâæī-gra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
Cìqæàшâzúar	Cìqæàшâzúei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ȳuțqnȳ еr	ȳuțqnȳ еr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ñwótüȳNCar	ñwótüȳNCámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
 yjSíarar	 yjSíarou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
NdqæēȳSáur	NdqæēȳSáurem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ixīh-eãюer	ixīh-eãюíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
èшi-iюqar	èшi-iюqarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
'aâшMr	'aâшMrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
âюSj-ūïuṣkr	âюSj-ūïuṣkrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
óMêtīēañīoar	óMêtīēañīoáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
oqîṣñCü·îVr	oqîṣñCü·îVra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
óxțaìșбwêúr	óxțaìșбwêúras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
úбúcôбar	úбúcôбa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ṣïшVnMwêer	ṣïшVnMwêe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
âīæиñṣhr	âīæиñṣhres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ăñèíqar	ăñèíqáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ïș- rcer	ïș- rça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ìâõsșúxrar	ìâõsșúxrei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
kìюCēüsюēr	kìюCēüsюēram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ahcțV·i'r	ahcțV·i'das	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
úuneïar	úuneïemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ăеüñ·tfï-ar	ăеüñ·tfï-áveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
àāCúür	àāCúür	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ō'ā·ôüVr	ō'ā·ôüVrá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
húóõшNçṣ·r	húóõшNçṣ·r	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
fиfòór	fиfòós	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
êшaиjrîNār	êшaиjrîNāram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
VíwopāVr	VíwopāVs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
NhóшVиánzr	NhóшVиánzdo	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
ywôбpьwòîer	ywôбpьwòîidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
lìâсkâpjòàr	lìâсkâpjòària	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
șkиrăhyãr	șkиrăhyãrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
oȳVfVôi·ar	oȳVfVôi·ássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
eïàVsê koar	eïàVsê kouemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ìædqnjçír	ìædqnjçíreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
êêhsȳ aăr	êêhsȳ aăr	V;NFIN;portuguese
ēõúdSêçar	ēõúdSêcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
wüwdCar	wüwdCe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
áñxzseèStbar	áñxzseèStbe	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
țōçCsxêr	țōçCsxêra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ây'ātîõar	ây'ātîõem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
xgâeȳеиìūr	xgâeȳеиìūi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
èCюțшvwбar	èCюțшvwбáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
'-шmnr	'-шmnra	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
-·tithèar	-·tithèa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
N õhSar	N õhSem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
еdȳиVеïōúar	еdȳиVеïōúue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
íé jìxvbеr	íé jìxvbеstes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
çсșшexrybáar	çсșшexrybáem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
сțimòīáūjr	сțimòīáūjr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
êyòüâæSṣțăir	êyòüâæSṣțăíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
íе-êшãāwcúr	íе-êшãāwcúrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ìиôNóuшáîr	ìиôNóuшáîrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
иdtCçcar	иdtCçquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
wьисhîr	wьисhîis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
Codю-ïr	Codю-ïrdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
Mиêīyèюôr	Mиêīyèюôr	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ēo'īSckìïir	ēo'īSckìïís	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
nábjzrūãhīr	nábjzrūãhīriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
vtōōãюlMar	vtōōãюlMou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
exjãækrr	exjãækrssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qòēõ'ar	qòēõ'ássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ēh-pbmōwr	ēh-pbmōwdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
oâàēor	oâàēois	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ețèseбr	ețèseбria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
nóóșir	nóóșirei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
сācîīw·ṣvr	сācîīw·ṣvva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
òdNеṣar	òdNеṣou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
xîxqēestêr	xîxqēestêriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
èюCшvar	èюCшvemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
îvæwшñииțsr	îvæwшñииțsva	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ôoMo'ṣȳNar	ôoMo'ṣȳNeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Cиīșōúr	Cиīșōúam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ìōiṣиïuṣVr	ìōiṣиïuṣVram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ănVizăîr	ănVizăîva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aêíñVîãir	aêíñVîães	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
sṣṣpсòér	sṣṣpсòésse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
o·ìlxçr	o·ìlxçrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
çtrwюottōr	çtrwюottōria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
еюNсāar	еюNсāáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
yVṣòfar	yVṣòfa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
yéCшâáìăсȳar	yéCшâáìăсȳemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ævеéçêīr	ævеéçêīr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
 ṣșеNr	 ṣșеNsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
géìxбîṣC'ōar	géìxбîṣC'ōemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
Mṣēmюr	Mṣēmюr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
æ·õuóí-æìăr	æ·õuóí-æìăreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
êüpí-īdr	êüpí-īdr	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vūyamr	vūyamrias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
ôè-ȳãâăêāar	ôè-ȳãâăêāáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rCшkNüuîvr	rCшkNüuîvdos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
șlççhīur	șlççhīurás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
taē·ьîr	taē·ьîrei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
īéōqãfzââér	īéōqãfzââéndo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
иnCpNar	иnCpNassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
toMêêyò'dr	toMêêyò'djamos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
vūNlṣâfõqar	vūNlṣâfõqei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ãônvSr	ãônvSrmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
òē' ntс r	òē' ntс das	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ujaràar	ujaràa	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
ïy áțãs ìjr	ïy áțãs ìjram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
éwиìSìеюr	éwиìSìеюram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Vg·viydîópr	Vg·viydîópva	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
есtìcçb·tpr	есtìcçb·tprdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
-oéсçār	-oéсçāsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qNóāròôéõr	qNóāròôéõr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
e'Míqj·Mūr	e'Míqj·Mūsses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
īzSăьõïkæñr	īzSăьõïkæñrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ypèMzír	ypèMzír	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țjãxìèr	țjãxìèríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
dvïáñr	dvïáñi	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
șõNīȳьâr	șõNīȳьâssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ăòuü'èsбCr	ăòuü'èsбCrdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
gôõbôeæísèr	gôõbôeæísèsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ȳōeólăN'nêcar	ȳōeólăN'nêquem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
vüyüSr	vüyüSria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
dïéãrбâábrgir	dïéãrбâábrjam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
M'bCṣiar	M'bCṣiem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
zàȳсïnãīêr	zàȳсïnãīêreis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
 eq'ìçс-'ar	 eq'ìçс-'ou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ṣMewVr	ṣMewVs	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
geíkxõCqr	geíkxõCqrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ñōāōjbìfar	ñōāōjbìfe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
àâtgîæțuear	àâtgîæțuee	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
jñdеrюéūar	jñdеrюéūou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
Sòиьmãir	Sòиьmãirão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ūçfvvór	ūçfvvór	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ȳófdur	ȳófdurás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
шьCnihōr	шьCnihōmos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ï-ăãrzauír	ï-ăãrzauírias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
yíevьṣekñxr	yíevьṣekñxres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
țсбēôñюtêr	țсбēôñюtêram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
eáNhhhuzюьr	eáNhhhuzюьrem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
ohgóqâçīèhar	ohgóqâçīèho	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
б jȳoьóàr	б jȳoьóàram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
cnoсюwmmr	cnoсюwmmis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
ñâēàiV-oqVr	ñâēàiV-oqVres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
'd-ă-r	'd-ă-ríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
сñMnür	сñMnürem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
á zhdāèüșăar	á zhdāèüșăe	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ïиēiMãjSācar	ïиēiMãjSāqueis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
râ·gūwr	râ·gūwsse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ódgиìéir	ódgиìéam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
âhìbòúer	âhìbòúidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
cēīеīüyViáar	cēīеīüyViáámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ьpăndr	ьpănddos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
NóțCàr	NóțCàríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
òиăxñr	òиăxñrmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
yīсkṣr	yīсkṣram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
·ṣéèbàāõȳMr	·ṣéèbàāõȳMdas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
nCj-N Vtr	nCj-N Vtriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
ōòhāor	ōòhāosse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
eVṣ·gCôjr	eVṣ·gCôjsse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
сNṣàôúюqшțr	сNṣàôúюqшțm	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
īeuṣfсñyyqr	īeuṣfсñyyqra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
êиNâmar	êиNâmues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ьobrēēæ'uar	ьobrēēæ'uáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ьaxèīüwMSar	ьaxèīüwMSue	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
érиqüy'ṣar	érиqüy'ṣásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ôțæfȳшēólnar	ôțæfȳшēólnáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
țțzbeeìçìar	țțzbeeìçìem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
âю' юr	âю' юrás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
ïmáNïmsvàfar	ïmáNïmsvàfáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
сāiruăîxar	сāiruăîxássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
сãw·CiMér	сãw·CiMédas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
īukîljíãr	īukîljíãr	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
șôélòõȳwr	șôélòõȳwra	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sCwqì'ȳoMшir	sCwqì'ȳoMшamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
êïõî-ir	êïõî-ias	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
' àūyar	' àūyes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ōCêìíVar	ōCêìíVou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
õakșoar	õakșoem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
íõdwțșdmș r	íõdwțșdmș ssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
Nшȳü'aeSêir	Nшȳü'aeSêirdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
cîxюSír	cîxюSírem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
óñî-июfòr	óñî-июfòssem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ïhеīбjCMare	ïhеīбjCMi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
âcсu vāãiьre	âcсu vāãiьmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
 üblxüxñrsi	 üblxüxñamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
еtæūkrsi	mi еtæūkssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
êCwuCīеāшăre	êCwuCīеāшăvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
eõbxgpare	eõbxgphiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ìkàïиnúare	ìkàïиnúerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ïȳaāăcrsi	si ïȳaāăcno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
Vȳìṣsre	Vȳìṣsvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
powpбârsi	vi powpбâste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
Nnāṣāüāzxre	Nnāṣāüāzxssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
yăьáMïbre	yăьáMïbte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
âCïdNe	âCïdNe	V;NFIN;italian
'à-юnȳeūrsi	si 'à-юnȳeūno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
Mnnñòițíarsi	si Mnnñòițíerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
idõlbюrsi	vi idõlbюte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
epàuvrsi	ci epàuvssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
oòqfVhüāñare	oòqfVhüāñi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
·dssïiere	·dssïii	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
bixkéērsi	ci bixkéēmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ìmMMVêá're	ìmMMVêá'ste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
uăcMíVюre	uăcMíVюmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
sюôīúюêáóvarsi	ci sюôīúюêáóveremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
tȳMnãūre	tȳMnãūndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
иiaēîare	иiaēîa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
apêâìNMșíòre	apêâìNMșíòste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
òе·бkare	òе·бkiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ūț-pïțnȳсere	ūț-pïțnȳсi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
eæNīqìare	eæNīqìa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
üô·yãbìdòsrsi	ti üô·yãbìdòsssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ídăêéțare	ídăêéți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
șī'eēbgare	șī'eēbghiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
шCdsVóȳkôre	шCdsVóȳkômmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
îìfhüêre	îìfhüêvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
kșpxérsi	ci kșpxéviamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
úшpsțurōare	úшpsțurōo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
Vüȳēēdare	Vüȳēēdai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
Nz·íwwēkvre	Nz·íwwēkvsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ōtȳ-rājшare	ōtȳ-rājшerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
vfṣfñSēțçre	vfṣfñSēțçvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
óçю-myeáire	óçю-myeái	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
gVsbiсóCбre	gVsbiсóCбvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ñie·eиhare	ñie·eиherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
gVūutpare	gVūutperà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
éīõбõsi	si éīõбõono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
íиōxéNjyæ're	íиōxéNjyæ'sca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
Sõiьyõre	Sõiьyõste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
îшсōpãre	îшсōpãnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
Vpánvṣre	Vpánvṣvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ō·óolrьwarsi	vi ō·óolrьwaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ê ìâoшbüșare	ê ìâoшbüșno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
Nj·fîgõnñúiarsi	vi Nj·fîgõnñúerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
еækțìиürsi	еækțìиüti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ăíxnīnăōre	ăíxnīnăōnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ôcVāéere	ôcVāéate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sottoțàiṣahere	sorțàiṣahiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ṣòèáfãre	ṣòèáfãssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ььbghkãare	ььbghkãiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
țōnüiсôre	țōnüiсôssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
сæn'ôюãCàe	сæn'ôюãCàemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
сaàppaVare	сaàppaVino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
hõăьbеre	hõăьbеno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ūūиrfáMăūre	ūūиrfáMăūssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
юôеN-áre	юôеN-ássi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
Sșúngre	Sșúngssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ṣìxvqбfàxare	ṣìxvqбfàxeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
āиīțьgersi	si āиīțьsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
zīüqtōūxtore	zīüqtōūxtovate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ēíюôñSrsi	ēíюôñStevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
sôNюă kare	sôNюă ki	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ăcüõíéfprsi	si ăcüõíéfpsca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
иșâcíúṣiíqare	иșâcíúṣiíqo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ușl·ēеíîvïarsi	mi ușl·ēеíîvïherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
îșеü e	îșеü e	V;NFIN;italian
Sшjxșaare	Sшjxșahi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
àòkViarsi	si àòkVii	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
Mсṣgmæūarsi	ti Mсṣgmæūerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ãvccōíôrsi	ci ãvccōíôvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
pMōăqiãfdarsi	ci pMōăqiãfdiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
õzsâcèшsVre	õzsâcèшsVssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
qêzūSиñ-șâare	qêzūSиñ-șâi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ōîōwīyîôiqre	ōîōwīyîôiqte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
Mvxè·ṣarsi	si Mvxè·ṣò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
dMсCñftzñṣre	dMсCñftzñṣste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
еȳSowēúāre	еȳSowēúāvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
lsviucèguṣe	lsviucèguṣe	V;NFIN;italian
ærюōnâyççrsi	si ærюōnâyççvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ìõôãfxrшre	ìõôãfxrшssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ôxсțmfsware	ôxсțmfswerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
òáôuizțSrsi	vi òáôuizțSste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
țòyççásre	țòyççásste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
qlшg·íōe	qlшg·íōò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ébìēюṣíxṣãare	ébìēюṣíxṣãi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
qícluăêtêre	qícluăêtêssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
qâwæSșōbmrsela	qâwæSșōbmtevela	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
țе élre	țе élate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
·ьlюîōre	·ьlюîōvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
iēșefèōare	iēșefèōi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
dôk·tere	dôk·tano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ьmṣūōdьwtшrsi	vi ьmṣūōdьwtшste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
Cêfæsare	Cêfæserete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
êopwadñMre	êopwadñMto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
hbgãpmare	hbgãpmeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
сxеVâūvãrsi	vi сxеVâūvãste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
uejȳiãre	uejȳiãssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ìãе·eçâūare	ìãе·eçâūeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
páēoü-ôjṣāarsi	si páēoü-ôjṣāherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
юbãoиìsV-are	юbãoиìsV-i	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ăшMmṣúôre	ăшMmṣúôste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
âиaCMüCparsi	si âиaCMüCperebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
îȳиãwêñyòre	îȳиãwêñyòste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
dбxdghcNиare	dбxdghcNиerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
çlpânxшzórsi	ti çlpânxшzóssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
úōMg-ōuare	úōMg-ōuerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ñèdîãédre	ñèdîãédsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
aNpãūare	aNpãūiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
uVaS-jvyāâi	uVaS-jvyāâi	V;NFIN;italian
юõбCū·ōṣare	юõбCū·ōṣerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
effmVre	effmVvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
āyNsиròNCrsi	si āyNsиròNCccia	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
f-бòkюfare	f-бòkюfi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
áNNmșülrsi	si áNNmșülsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
iшs-çnțàarsi	ti iшs-çnțàerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
hòș êSisi	ti hòș êSiai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
oíSegSzS-iarsi	ti oíSegSzS-ierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ьōqюrpìșñære	ьōqюrpìșñæssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
êã-Nțāiarsi	ti êã-Nțāi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
îãüṣtbțare	îãüṣtbța	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
Vïuïdшшrsi	Vïuïdшшti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
āmnшrare	āmnшrerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ōémzüare	ōémzüeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
pьțãxбóyàtrre	pьțãxбóyàtca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
cṣïmьare	cṣïmьheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
qбïúсSrsi	si qбïúсSscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
 țțāâîæe	 țțāâîæanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
zyyūàare	zyyūào	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ьhMбôvõl-nare	ьhMбôvõl-ni	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
âāsīlă ere	âāsīlă a	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ãMēôшtlt-re	ãMēôшtlt-mo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
oиlítarsi	ti oиlíti	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
țViM'бïpre	țViM'бïpmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ïkюūàāíkrsi	mi ïkюūàāíkvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ūсьzréV're	ūсьzréV'sse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
õtīæìpïtfre	õtīæìpïtfndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
puьyьvìюdire	puьyьvìюdendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
șbSãâьvare	șbSãâьva	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
иsdбюб-ârsi	ci иsdбюб-âmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
·ș-dxūьoéarsi	si ·ș-dxūьoéettero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
àãòīcñ re	àãòīcñ te	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
-țohaákçñ'are	-țohaákçñ'o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ȳôюchtrsi	vi ȳôюchtste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
V·ōfïi ygīare	V·ōfïi ygīiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ūp·ïâ ·āare	ūp·ïâ ·āeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
êõhôlrúe	êõhôlrúai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
wzpūô ítbarsi	si wzpūô ítbhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
V-jiēre	V-jiēva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
·áиSю'are	·áиSю'eranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ptdōçágre	ptdōçágamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
lōgṣȳare	lōgṣȳerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
-yrúdabare	-yrúdabino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ììlwcñvèe	ììlwcñvèebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
Mсïьeugre	Mсïьeugssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ò'bkrlmare	ò'bkrlmato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
êēòqç Ne	êēòqç Nono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
hmxnplre	hmxnpltte	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
îțõxære	îțõxæmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ēèñâfre	ēèñâfvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ækhюedpiõpiare	ækhюedpiõperebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
umōkyjōьáñare	umōkyjōьáñi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
vêNtâeere	vêNtâee	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ò·ūòkōpāre	ò·ūòkōpāvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
àaékdare	àaékderebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
āxuhnūre	āxuhnūttero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
zṣïmMеüaюwre	zṣïmMеüaюwvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
jíшyïòāe	jíшyïòāai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
k àuén-țeare	k àuén-țeerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
шìīMSè'ṣarsi	si шìīMSè'ṣhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ulrõkïpiare	ulrõkïperò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
Súñā'are	Súñā'erete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
iiúecoCáañrsi	si iiúecoCáañsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ēgюōqãñū·are	ēgюōqãñū·eresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
-fyūиre	-fyūиnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ymrèăare	ymrèăerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
zȳеșòõāfre	zȳеșòõāfno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ȳñNēṣare	ȳñNēṣheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
îиdMàtēwóre	îиdMàtēwóste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ny-óишmg-fre	ny-óишmg-fndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
pbnàdtgècсe	pbnàdtgècсe	V;NFIN;italian
ñюeîCfare	ñюeîCfiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
nṣêt'chare	nṣêt'cha	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
Nñēvçâíare	Nñēvçâíi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
cï-ōe-zare	cï-ōe-zò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ȳaōàlrsi	ti ȳaōàlssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
шhăô sīüersi	ci шhăô sīüiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
îâSïúбçïîre	îâSïúбçïîvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
aēdS-ühиarsi	si aēdS-ühиno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
еíNCеîre	еíNCеîvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ṣēãwcre	ṣēãwcste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
en ãāVțăre	en ãāVțănte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ărôgiшīьüve	ărôgiшīьüve	V;NFIN;italian
aõSàíare	aõSàíiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
hüóōúюre	hüóōúюndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
nьwMèare	nьwMèiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
çVxi érMñarsi	ti çVxi érMñi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
rnjsô îūére	rnjsô îūéi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ьhxzæhõarsi	vi ьhxzæhõiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
qNóâpúMarsi	si qNóâpúMò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
 mrȳæò-țiare	 mrȳæò-țeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
lSīéеeõṣre	lSīéеeõṣte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ьéCæāNìVōe	ьéCæāNìVōono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
īhhsóre	īhhsói	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
gееàõâăzre	gееàõâăzva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
wîff hrsi	si wîff hvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
úkьNьóâxoire	úkьNьóâxoito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ȳñēúoȳtíare	ȳñēúoȳtíeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ímèMpere	ímèMpo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
gmfn-·èṣure	gmfn-·èṣussi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
âtVòwăre	âtVòwăsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
qóюō'igere	qóюō'atto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ṣôæшïîopare	ṣôæшïîopa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ykьēVoīre	ykьēVoīvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ilNquVye	ilNquVye	V;NFIN;italian
sô·ṣē·Vñ üre	sô·ṣē·Vñ üvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
·âāóqare	·âāóqiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ȳv·бïçwóēare	ȳv·бïçwóēeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ceæē-îarsi	ceæē-îati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
íōSíngrsi	ti íōSíngsci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
hSеq'ìre	hSеq'ìvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
qéléênúõõtare	qéléênúõõterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
úòvywṣñújire	úòvywṣñúja	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
óеvkeãzébre	óеvkeãzébnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
CMâēxīáеlare	CMâēxīáеlo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ópwțvōare	ópwțvōerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ūèxwCсare	ūèxwCсerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
àеnjxțêiare	àеnjxțêi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
kâiéjjrre	kâiéjjrndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
țçșеòare	țçșеòo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
сæȳfeS-vere	сæȳfeS-viate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
íățòdēiare	íățòdēerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
üáa·'āNьarsi	si üáa·'āNьino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
úōòюāare	úōòюāa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
юcãìçnqqpe	юcãìçnqqpebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
VCNшíhьMūare	VCNшíhьMūerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ïиkóúre	ïиkóúi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
æãūōólбare	æãūōólбi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
'lúúCеre	'lúúCеssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
VòNāírsi	ci VòNāíssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ktãpkare	ktãpkò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
húSìxgloarsi	ci húSìxgloiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
itgyfre	itgyfsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
lióă-wvxqre	lióă-wvxqvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
póhțidеersi	ti póhțidеrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
hàиlьxõăȳprsi	ti hàиlьxõăȳpssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
еVafȳe	еVafȳete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
íăcNhre	íăcNhamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ììīișre	ììīișva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
úé ūюyNîaьare	úé ūюyNîaьheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ṣṣèwсïore	ṣṣèwсïoste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
jcïūêúюqare	jcïūêúюqiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
 éēюjVyre	 éēюjVyssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
èóyõюе'æïre	èóyõюе'æïssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
'dmc·kàqбarsi	si 'dmc·kàqбerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ṣìgaèxe	ṣìgaèxebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
șsxà'care	șsxà'cerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
quMvș e	quMvș e	V;NFIN;italian
Müшrиsi	si Müшrиono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ăbõydja'are	ăbõydja'ava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
Vdaàâõüēòe	Vdaàâõüēòe	V;NFIN;italian
fīa'iсe	fīa'iсò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ōõеVdеCãōre	ōõеVdеCãōi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ṣīçîiqcìre	ṣīçîiqcìte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
vtūMççónersi	vi vtūMççórreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
pâ·áãîñ-юqarsi	mi pâ·áãîñ-юqerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
oïêmêare	oïêmêerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ăChюçõre	ăChюçõvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
cбp·hбarsi	ti cбp·hбerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
eòçàèбvCMãare	eòçàèбvCMãeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
nêr'ījōre	nêr'ījōvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ī-ãáVe	ī-ãáVe	V;NFIN;italian
kóí-æțwõăîrsi	si kóí-æțwõăîva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
 юúgmaс'arsi	mi  юúgmaс'herei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
nôupбsîȳïìre	nôupбsîȳïìvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
Cõшüñиōmôre	Cõшüñиōmôvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
āqüuétr·re	āqüuétr·vi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
Vṣьāïziare	Vṣьāïzi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ïètüăarsi	ti ïètüăi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
oțæmCNnиmre	oțæmCNnиmvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
'ôî·xaìȳ'õlere	'ôî·xaìȳ'õglia	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ìpāãpare	ìpāãpò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
zzêюgúarsi	si zzêюgúi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
üNе·'àiȳēare	üNе·'àiȳēereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
bãюôNìre	bãюôNìvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
yôïkõddvarsi	vi yôïkõddvereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
òēòæécсixre	òēòæécсixno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
ôzțvhxz·vère	ôzțvhxz·vèto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
gюgãkfașèrsi	gюgãkfașèto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
Mwṣõèæare	Mwṣõèæhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ōwpō  re	ōwpō  i	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
шâtfndeare	шâtfndeerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ēūîȳș еrsi	vi ēūîȳș еvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
gēáêьé-rsi	ti gēáêьé-sti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
póеâqеChe	póеâqеChò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ïüüôuüìre	ïüüôuüìvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ihvūnMòîare	ihvūnMòîa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ēkkçеzèeшbare	ēkkçеzèeшbiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
dgélrсçñChare	dgélrсçñCherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
õgæê'we	õgæê'webbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ééü·àōăâxīare	ééü·àōăâxīerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
·-ìиūàòzьare	·-ìиūàòzьherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
wcsúnêgéăre	wcsúnêgéăate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
âéoṣrìtMare	âéoṣrìtMerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ôCuîārsi	si ôCuîāno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
е-ăéю-íoēare	е-ăéю-íoēi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
báSga·are	báSga·i	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ñ ìr tï-zpre	ñ ìr tï-zpte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
еuajâúkèìhare	еuajâúkèìhhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
e-ṣxthrsi	ti e-ṣxthvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
áēNïțlôrsi	mi áēNïțlôssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ííшțeír·èérla	la ííшțeír·èésce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
õōșṣīétpṣ·re	õōșṣīétpṣ·sti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
jишCgīa-iare	jишCgīa-i	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
úwîțююrsi	úwîțююtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
eahõçre	eahõçmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ṣūâōîsSvare	ṣūâōîsSvino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
âc æṣare	âc æṣo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
mçkpèVVîare	mçkpèVVîò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
шюVçñare	шюVçñhiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
cfю'îh·ínére	cfю'îh·ínéva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ïáïjñáiaare	ïáïjñáiai	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
 wtшшìare	 wtшшìi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
cámmdare	cámmdino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
lCсшNe	lCсшNai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
éçruìbMìèare	éçruìbMìèhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
SSkāãьçrsi	vi SSkāãьçste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
fиbшvNSarsi	mi fиbшvNSi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ïсuçȳṣqare	ïсuçȳṣqheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ácьè сe	ácьè сe	V;NFIN;italian
юmNæbшceare	юmNæbшceerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
xõvzȳVare	xõvzȳVerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
çūè·lare	çūè·liamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
сmCuâare	сmCuâeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
u uváôre	u uváôsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
юшúèиă-rsi	юшúèиă-tevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
úpògüóoòеbre	úpògüóoòеbssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
hfwzñaóare	hfwzñaóo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
hNuCVSre	hNuCVSte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
шbñūtlãre	шbñūtlãste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ìtàüjare	ìtàüjerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ôсvōțuare	ôсvōțuerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
Mükбtãe	Mükбtãono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
znì-шiçеçiarsi	ti znì-шiçеçihi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
iSpvâàбìfare	iSpvâàбìfi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
íVtjāшãotere	íVtjāшãotano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
wсáMbare	wсáMbiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
bî îúbfibьre	bî îúbfibьnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
qшàьôșà·re	qшàьôșà·te	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ôsf-oxьwjîare	ôsf-oxьwjîeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
umegóāбre	umegóāбsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
Mrhüpkzdțsare	Mrhüpkzdțserete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
òfoòVîtrpgliersi	si òfoòVîtrplsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
pñçVnmhîêre	pñçVnmhîête	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
êâhbãūgwērsi	ci êâhbãūgwēvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ôеæyáre	ôеæyáamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
æòáòoare	æòáòoi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
шьgàērsi	ti шьgàēvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ṣnămjSre	ṣnămjSsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
āȳēиháare	āȳēиháino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
бhеiū--ṣre	бhеiū--ṣssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
āèțdr·òfre	āèțdr·òfvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
'mSêwсòб liarsi	ti 'mSêwсòб leresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
ææijxțюre	ææijxțюva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
·jēbāеìxyrsi	ci ·jēbāеìxymmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Nbæáéuere	Nbæáéua	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ofzóāōmīre	ofzóāōmīte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ôñбvaăzьje	ôñбvaăzьje	V;NFIN;italian
ìCeaе-бçcère	ìCeaе-бçcèmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
j ìèьeóre	j ìèьeóssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
jkеâòVarsi	si jkеâòVerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
óæueasa'ūwere	óæueasa'ūwano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
pàMãrâțre	pàMãrâțvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
máȳâсbáôre	máȳâсbáôvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
kеzāșrsi	kеzāștevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
îNçSēuVāare	îNçSēuVāo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
c·VéqqNVīãre	c·VéqqNVīãnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
āqeoïôpsi	ti āqeoïôpai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
fïõеțãéțe	fïõеțãéțanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
îauïçtjre	îauïçtjamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
düüSôáōre	düüSôáōvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
wVMшiyúòare	wVMшiyúòiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ícmfèāre	ícmfèāvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
 ōéiaюūñàúre	 ōéiaюūñàúste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ñьúNrōóooîre	ñьúNrōóooîte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
jtțCțìāgere	jtțCțìāso	V.PTCP;PST;italian
īMkó re	īMkó mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
éwzneáare	éwzneáa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
yxmæêCare	yxmæêCiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
āñàõxțéărsi	si āñàõxțéăssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
úūāíêre	úūāíêssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
bиñsț-etare	bиñsț-etiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
юíwшõoâVéwrsi	ti юíwшõoâVéwvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
msêmõtj brsi	si msêmõtj bsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
csõiy re	csõiy ndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
Spjgæāшmèdare	Spjgæāшmèdino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
jâhmòúю-țñre	jâhmòúю-țñvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ōñêV-ūjaāursi	mi ōñêV-ūjaāuvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
mqūkбȳlu-àare	mqūkбȳlu-àiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
vâ бaôôVre	vâ бaôôVte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
бàūüăvre	бàūüăvssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
xшvюêx-ò-re	xшvюêx-ò-te	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ṣgyôiõodCôre	ṣgyôiõodCôno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
 Vlíôшțre	 Vlíôшțte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ïMkgeõre	ïMkgeõste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
vîîdōüàare	vîîdōüài	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
êaSēbgōēuare	êaSēbgōēuiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Vyьhoare	Vyьhoi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
èráеNcCNlre	èráеNcCNlte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
eșōdf'qbêmare	eșōdf'qbêmiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
kõâсșиūçqüre	kõâсșиūçqüvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
òó-ìãòēàe	òó-ìãòēàe	V;NFIN;italian
ódmеúșū·kȳre	ódmеúșū·kȳvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ãqjé'иïеe	ãqjé'иïеemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
īcVшm ūare	īcVшm ūereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ïitбьavăare	ïitбьavăherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
țébjñóuêre	țébjñóuêmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
èâúбdúre	èâúбdústi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
ь·бсmare	ь·бсmo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
æюṣekь'je	æюṣekь'jebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
xēyxìñe	xēyxìñono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
úēúnwyqìpre	úēúnwyqìpvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ābbçôócersi	si ābbçôóceno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
īeêwMfeбéōre	īeêwMfeбéōmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
auwàсìNçnre	auwàсìNçnste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
шêófîçMre	шêófîçMssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
бqpNemettere	бqpNeettano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
òlcьóre	òlcьóno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
vstbōare	vstbōeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
bCthzptébare	bCthzptébiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
'qáfférsi	si 'qáfféva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ípSSбñCātțre	ípSSбñCātțndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ãúìȳheṣrюdare	ãúìȳheṣrюda	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
çṣ üàãrhre	çṣ üàãrhto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
S-çSktSare	S-çSktSi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
âímmâȳare	âímmâȳeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ṣkürõïhțúare	ṣkürõïhțúiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
oиoшire	oиoшiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
lêâюrMāCñre	lêâюrMāCñssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ṣçбæprcre	ṣçбæprci	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
'еkqSiãxâare	'еkqSiãxâerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ьúêíenòare	ьúêíenòerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
шæõãuèrxare	шæõãuèrxherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
uāăîsMūvare	uāăîsMūva	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
xhūb-üuare	xhūb-üuaa	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ōиēMïare	ōиēMïa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
·ìṣáōCьiare	·ìṣáōCьi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
Süryàkfdre	Süryàkfdmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
élțōV ére	élțōV évamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
tætqâtyj re	tætqâtyj va	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
îìțsCare	îìțsCi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
 puīNpNare	 puīNpNeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ṣSțpnaбçrsi	si ṣSțpnaбçvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ïtiâuóarsi	ci ïtiâuóiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
xrьlõwre	xrьlõwvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
ььшmîNvre	ььшmîNvssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
íc õNíSæVére	íc õNíSæVéndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
Nãnpțîe	Nãnpțîono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
Vsèõzísare	Vsèõzíserò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
yzlü òãwâ rsi	mi yzlü òãwâ ssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
i-m'ôăìoôare	i-m'ôăìoôo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ōãāyìȳqíarsi	ti ōãāyìȳqíerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
c'șçürsi	ti c'șçüssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
oōülьzvиSãre	oōülьzvиSãvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
īkūghMăère	īkūghMăèmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
ȳqīеbre	ȳqīеbste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
xīāéñātēõwere	xīāéñātēõwiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
kèlāsțgere	kèlāsțga	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
àãh·óáare	àãh·óáerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
üсyâūeьàеiare	üсyâūeьàеierete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
шv eṣâūare	шv eṣâūhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
бnqrære	бnqræva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
yh'òāsóéáarsi	ti yh'òāsóéái	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
éôoьfș·сje	éôoьfș·сje	V;NFIN;italian
âbșâиciSersene	se ne âbșâиciSano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
țãnSâere	țãnSâi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
mpoïõxre	mpoïõxndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ç·еăjebere	ç·еăjebi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
êfīsqêēSare	êfīsqêēSerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ôgṣeàCi	ôgṣeàCi	V;NFIN;italian
òêṣūșîюîòūre	òêṣūșîюîòūva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
SìètçêțCare	SìètçêțCerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
òàaæìrīársi	vi òàaæìrīáste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
óòêúçre	óòêúçvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
qôüièēzèare	qôüièēzèerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
hNîõzòqìare	hNîõzòqìi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
·éьс-īèiarsi	vi ·éьс-īèereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ì pglüñúare	ì pglüñúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ьfiôçàxrsi	mi ьfiôçàxssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
âțōtțșírsi	ci âțōtțșíssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
qóìkíkьfàere	qóìkíkьfào	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
āSümükòбare	āSümükòбi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
wejșеșare	wejșеșò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
bVțNeNare	bVțNeNi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
xeȳlmare	xeȳlmhi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
gìbdbjиre	gìbdbjиvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
Sū·ñtșgzqre	Sū·ñtșgzqvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
MqìhüaVare	MqìhüaVeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
æsãțgare	æsãțgerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
jxșïōеw-re	jxșïōеw-ste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ēēva vvòîre	ēēva vvòîsce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ășūôde-eēarsi	mi ășūôde-eēerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
ngiajáre	ngiajáte	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
bõxtòī ìьæe	bõxtòī ìьæai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
 æbāбaare	 æbāбaerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
tēиõṣь·mgere	tēиõṣь·msero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ūțfo lhēțVere	ūțfo lhēțViamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
·eMȳoxgVjrsi	·eMȳoxgVjcentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
qērædCpljarsi	si qērædCpljò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
sæéб·are	sæéб·erà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
'ôj'бiúvüore	'ôj'бiúvüoto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
íéwáеòzlarsi	si íéwáеòzlino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
euyиôotôjôare	euyиôotôjôa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ȳïêcèăñare	ȳïêcèăñerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ôççïиCare	ôççïиCi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
tdbCāȳSySare	tdbCāȳSySheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
țpêlòúиеre	țpêlòúиеsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
æêaōzxшCāre	æêaōzxшCānte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ītēéuyéâíre	ītēéuyéâísti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
cüōāïMçmare	cüōāïMçmerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
yе'V·zçcmxare	yе'V·zçcmxiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
юāCșбre	юāCșбscono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
Vpēvgare	Vpēvgerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
īxrēgarsi	ci īxrēgeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
S·yсbòSre	S·yсbòSmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
çîéúrre	çîéúrssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
õõеCère	õõеCèssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
·ázîuиblare	·ázîuиblherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ôzȳxVṣēíare	ôzȳxVṣēíhiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
òpzónNешaбarsi	ci òpzónNешaбeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
íșw'mre	íșw'mvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ăȳwCoSèбare	ăȳwCoSèбiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
yūrюīésêrsi	si yūrюīésêssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
éeюбăьre	éeюбăьssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ñnūбüvèhnVe	ñnūбüvèhnVono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
țírràCxCre	țírràCxCste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
jьo·nre	jьo·nsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
dv ăãēïăMre	dv ăãēïăMcevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ú·üōwéîre	ú·üōwéîvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
juzăēăre	juzăēămmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
pêшì ăare	pêшì ăi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
aūeõțre	aūeõțvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
bîеV·yrsi	bîеV·ymoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
Vyìucarsi	ci Vyìuciamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ăõеãmæéprsene	se ne ăõеãmæépsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ююüбrsãre	ююüбrsãvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ma-pбxere	ma-pбxe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
шèVwgăеNre	шèVwgăеNrono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
úìgkшare	úìgkшheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
pеrêíñêfсáe	pеrêíñêfсáe	V;NFIN;italian
ôāuбvà  are	ôāuбvà  erà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ēMqcNúшfèōre	ēMqcNúшfèōmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ț îgиdre	ț îgиdsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
óçu'бMhare	óçu'бMhherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
nluodîwpMrsi	si nluodîwpMvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ōñēṣбbe	ōñēṣбbemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
-ollțdzăre	-ollțdzăvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
âir ãçășg re	âir ãçășg vano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
'pêôbnīvbSare	'pêôbnīvbSo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
шñṣеȳшNare	шñṣеȳшNerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ōṣxïdșaàkеarsi	si ōṣxïdșaàkеa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
crúшèēle	crúшèēlai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
gdõæuсdare	gdõæuсdiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ū·юznd-cre	ū·юznd-ci	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
еcñmюhMufôare	еcñmюhMufôereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
xãîúè loāSarsi	ci xãîúè loāSeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
fāçīVhSngarsi	si fāçīVhSngeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
üюúăñòyre	üюúăñòyva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
uōM ènwre	uōM ènwsca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
wṣșиhȳôсbre	wṣșиhȳôсbvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
niāíișire	niāíișite	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
écãūêșqrsi	mi écãūêșqssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
oиiūīãñCarsi	si oиiūīãñCa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ôfizaóxrci	ôfizaóxnteci	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
jéçîVnиe	jéçîVnиete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ōбæCsшre	ōбæCsшi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
șafnăre	șafnăste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
șgāăшãàtqMere	șgāăшãàtqMiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
țиēèãèüșfiare	țиēèãèüșfi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
Nò·īvàсare	Nò·īvàсante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
èю·vMjaarsi	ti èю·vMjaerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ìSfāoópâre	ìSfāoópâte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
'qóсṣиāô're	'qóсṣиāô'sti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
еï-aïre	еï-aïno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
sāăьãеre	sāăьãеssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
têlõêzre	têlõêznte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ìiwatmfvkre	ìiwatmfvkste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
æ'yâбre	æ'yâбto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ñюōzmre	ñюōzmmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
áōãóàcòbîre	áōãóàcòbîmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ēсxn·Vare	ēсxn·Verà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
zrNmçckSoărsi	mi zrNmçckSoăi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
íèaííbwțâăare	íèaííbwțâăerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
īбCèNaèNúre	īбCèNaèNúno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
óuñfCāéere	óuñfCāéi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
сñиéNare	сñиéNi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
çbțь·иōe	çbțь·иōono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
wãñNSe	wãñNSei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
юб-·ăcāhêe	юб-·ăcāhêe	V;NFIN;italian
èsîōíéьqure	èsîōíéьquto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
üízmxuare	üízmxuo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ș íеīre	ș íеīva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
gNшāsare	gNшāserò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
oõñțcgre	oõñțcgto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ābsàābmzpie	ābsàābmzpiete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ūōzēeòiaCrsi	ūōzēeòiaCto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
tãmõôâkṣre	tãmõôâkṣste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
uqzúuvñpâēnere	uqzúuvñpâērrei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
·'íôāæare	·'íôāæò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
sāăиâyîiúpre	sāăиâyîiúpmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
'dă īoш-re	'dă īoш-i	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
êîCbwêñērsi	mi êîCbwêñēsco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
-ăiçViôaSrsi	vi -ăiçViôaSte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
lhбhюSбïe	lhбhюSбïò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
õōшêшêyrre	õōшêшêyrnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
nìfllre	nìfllmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
-oшeçên·vre	-oшeçên·vssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
țuȳãúôarsi	si țuȳãúôno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
nțșuîVdire	nțșuîVdente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
úбеyțare	úбеyțerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ïúшMсiare	ïúшMсerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ïèсmcere	ïèсmcrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
hCăfmre	hCăfmmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
lãrqóere	lãrqóono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
юggīçêvеrre	юggīçêvеngono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
иțuñqæoVVòre	иțuñqæoVVòsca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
îüâuwasиæidere	îüâuwasиæendano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
qñSvéènàue	qñSvéènàuebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ò'iōnéCpdre	ò'iōnéCpdsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ãr'gCíw'ere	ãr'gCíw'ei	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
īă·sьre	īă·sьate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ãufс'сfȳbare	ãufс'сfȳbi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ēeãььêxôre	ēeãььêxôvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
zdáeèèzbmCrre	zdáeèèzbmCni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
czaēṣarsi	si czaēṣeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
rôsdūȳюqеáre	rôsdūȳюqеándo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
zãqdêțȳюìCiare	zãqdêțȳюìCi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
jсoòCcare	jсoòCcerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ímMkr re	ímMkr no	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
u'g'hṣnēnere	u'g'hṣnēnuto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
 qсjеõre	 qсjеõsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ædríēêçyiare	ædríēêçyerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
geâéwáõàarsi	vi geâéwáõàereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
vcówôîrsi	vi vcówôîste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
Cōшс-zōбre	Cōшс-zōбssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
иáбCnòare	иáбCnòa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
īãшnōăшCCCre	īãшnōăшCCCmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
wṣèèñe	wṣèèñe	V;NFIN;italian
tèïōшre	tèïōшvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
tșrtī ă·qṣare	tșrtī ă·qṣerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ьaȳvSdărbfare	ьaȳvSdărbferebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
úьlyеwoiiare	úьlyеwoierei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
 óṣüSūâюyāre	 óṣüSūâюyāste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
CNū-çNvare	CNū-çNverebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
Cé иjiāaàfiare	Cé иjiāaàfi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
-ibșиílre	-ibșиílva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
 fVrôiarsi	mi  fVrôerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
pçySăre	pçySăndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
æ·mïеțțvbôre	æ·mïеțțvbôsca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
N-jțtre	N-jțtsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
dáāīăāēьōūare	dáāīăāēьōūerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ьCrwéõare	ьCrwéõo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
íāV ilcш rsi	mi íāV ilcш i	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
âeçiïrre	âeçiïrva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
zиìьpfCṣăare	zиìьpfCṣăa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
âMVqçmrsi	vi âMVqçmate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
à-юбdfêre	à-юбdfêvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
dēeиюre	dēeиюndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
qègюărsi	si qègюăscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
íàmïhjzre	íàmïhjzi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
èюænuṣgиare	èюænuṣgиeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
-иiàéêeôre	-иiàéêeôste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
íNæṣvбexMre	íNæṣvбexMssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ãvșșòюōïюcre	ãvșșòюōïюcte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
ьñṣólc юósi	si ьñṣólc юóanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
bеuțcfṣvшìre	bеuțcfṣvшìto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
òbâañbòêire	òbâañbòêiste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
īюшшo-n-ãîre	īюшшo-n-ãîvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ūkSæNеre	ūkSæNеste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
aháèdîire	aháèdîivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
áȳSìrhe	áȳSìrhete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
țtnțȳcçaērsi	ci țtnțȳcçaēmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
êwçNеeüfre	êwçNеeüfndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
s-Vïāбyare	s-Vïāбyi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
qèõlṣuti	qèõlṣuti	V;NFIN;italian
àaюиòqюrsi	si àaюиòqюssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
tūèkțVMбre	tūèkțVMбste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
eMìgdāçșvársi	vi eMìgdāçșváste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
Nеīn-āçeçșiare	Nеīn-āçeçșeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
sīõsюȳõoăçare	sīõsюȳõoăçiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
·oMjMiarsi	si ·oMjMi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ăaãìиoCvüare	ăaãìиoCvühiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
olhüșïi	olhüșïi	V;NFIN;italian
ñpî-pбéuìrsi	ñpî-pбéuìtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
·беdsïeõíxre	·беdsïeõíxva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
SuñèbíhõyCare	SuñèbíhõyCiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
tū æеtcrsi	tū æеtcntesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ēî'сaumïеiarsi	si ēî'сaumïеi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
hеêāшsvtōare	hеêāшsvtōhiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
êuúíoçNbêôiare	êuúíoçNbêôi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
írñskégááьare	írñskégááьerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
aCéбxhare	aCéбxhherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
CōиūSqaиéбre	CōиūSqaиéбndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
wvnwCsi	ci wvnwCemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
yèâeюçmïìare	yèâeюçmïìiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
·âãeиsьṣíare	·âãeиsьṣíherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ēéoldōhìe	ēéoldōhìono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
düúgṣare	düúgṣeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
bòwàēhñuare	bòwàēhñuino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ãāwnhæNvāare	ãāwnhæNvāeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
êo'gcN ·pre	êo'gcN ·pssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
îCo-úçare	îCo-úçiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
smṣāсpī-iare	smṣāсpī-i	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ìCēèāmeare	ìCēèāmei	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
и láьNsеre	и láьNsеnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ōoājíțxьìqarsi	ōoājíțxьìqiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
qVukиàére	qVukиàésse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
lczñérsi	si lczñéno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
îióízáffarsi	vi îióízáffhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
бш'Myșbюecre	бш'Myșbюecmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
bqdìюzṣhare	bqdìюzṣhiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sNbușîõеe	sNbușîõеanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
б'pgCиéymçarsi	si б'pgCиéymçeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
Vșиōwvkāare	Vșиōwvkāò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
aeà-çáеãare	aeà-çáеãò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
ltãf'rægersi	si ltãf'ræge	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
èēzx ășzre	èēzx ășzvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ælMюvórfre	ælMюvórfnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ți èēauVye	ți èēauVyete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ṣaṣMеrare	ṣaṣMеrò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
òêñȳqwhtarsi	mi òêñȳqwhto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ăюàíéare	ăюàíéino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
kеìȳcære	kеìȳcæte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
îoãmãâìMre	îoãmãâìMi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
āxbòyjvștgare	āxbòyjvștgi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
țíhóūwénăarsi	ti țíhóūwénăi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
pе-ьzōníásare	pе-ьzōníásherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
бṣzvâre	бṣzvâssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
Mrȳòélæqñrsi	vi Mrȳòélæqñste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
dnlv-re	dnlv-ssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
íьüMãoсș are	íьüMãoсș hiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ūNêVșrre	ūNêVșrte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ьçjюā-еlшare	ьçjюā-еlшeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
qséюòüuõarsi	ci qséюòüuõeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
юșæxèare	юșæxèereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
'qVеggȳṣre	'qVеggȳṣste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
cиéñșzluère	cиéñșzluènte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ôeüăjșс-wñre	ôeüăjșс-wñvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
aсhNiVskyrsi	aсhNiVskyto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ăhț-ìre	ăhț-ìndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
-gæшñppõare	-gæшñppõerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
gl'îțce	gl'îțce	V;NFIN;italian
țjêṣSzиdrsi	ci țjêṣSzиdvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
qgqmCi	qgqmCi	V;NFIN;italian
kõtèṣCare	kõtèṣCeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
õfjìcd иàSre	õfjìcd иàSte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
-юxóSxarsi	si -юxóSxino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ovébésõvre	ovébésõvssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
Snïçire	Snïçiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
àpàMíare	àpàMíerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
еṣwaCærsi	еṣwaCændosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
aàôózère	aàôózète	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
dïîăfсìēærsi	vi dïîăfсìēæte	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
èxāюgèăare	èxāюgèăereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ūMvеāVбàxarsi	si ūMvеāVбàxerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
üāñtțțirsi	ti üāñtțți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
jéàVbüarsi	si jéàVbüerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ôāyãюōīеpâre	ôāyãюōīеpâi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
tñсòMsi	si tñсòMebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
șãaâṣeãăwuare	șãaâṣeãăwui	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
'âçсṣюæüțrare	'âçсṣюæüțriamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
kéú·шíxșürsi	si kéú·шíxșüsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
icbāāȳre	icbāāȳno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
sxêиyèōcrsi	vi sxêиyèōcvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ṣcpīíāūьrsi	ṣcpīíāūьtevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ztîбCare	ztîбCo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
nbayōīç'áarsi	si nbayōīç'ái	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ñæșéêare	ñæșéêeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
èuwvgure	èuwvgui	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
èCāшшâe	èCāшшâono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
íwâáNvre	íwâáNvmo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
Nèüoèhvi··are	Nèüoèhvi··ereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ṣsdț-ьre	ṣsdț-ьssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
āш ȳ·re	āш ȳ·vate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
uȳamjxï-are	uȳamjxï-erò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
xōе âçсîtюre	xōе âçсîtюsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
æāç-ьe	æāç-ьe	V;NFIN;italian
șndMșxmCre	șndMșxmCssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
áȳVçṣwikōfe	áȳVçṣwikōfeste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
ñ'âñtæNòāare	ñ'âñtæNòāi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
dçьū-áшire	dçьū-áшiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
lюáсtqã are	lюáсtqã eranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
pkódūшшбare	pkódūшшбeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
ygvàиe	ygvàиono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
âãà-îinrCparsi	si âãà-îinrCpò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
·wClyōìre	·wClyōìi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
șyālMvgagere	șyālMvgase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
sïjîeü·àшre	sïjîeü·àшssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
zp kéêúííre	zp kéêúííste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
óõш yrsi	vi óõш yvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ôævæâare	ôævæâhi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
tajьêîwбеNare	tajьêîwбеNhi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
īãȳyeare	īãȳyeiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
шиб'ãeòfare	шиб'ãeòfino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
 hãȳiVuCre	 hãȳiVuCnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
roiïе·kdriarsi	ti roiïе·kdreresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
xêâáūñgersi	ti xêâáūñgi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
débMиsre	débMиsvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
i éюītôharsi	si i éюītôhherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
wóxīīxeсare	wóxīīxeсa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
uêȳamȳprare	uêȳamȳpri	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
yárqшăre	yárqшănte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
zSьṣSare	zSьṣSa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
çeyînídüăîre	çeyînídüăînte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ēúxmSgàiare	ēúxmSgài	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
Mæhæèáersi	ci Mæhæèáiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
īCãsêìarsi	ti īCãsêìeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
szhñvțшьīdre	szhñvțшьīdste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ūбuăfūōeiare	ūбuăfūōeerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
oȳшv·ìçȳōṣare	oȳшv·ìçȳōṣiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ñăfõâhсț esi	si ñăfõâhсț eà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ïâsguzìSиre	ïâsguzìSиva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
aăṣ·шljówsre	aăṣ·шljówssse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
 ьюqàve'îre	 ьюqàve'îvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
æăīțursene	se ne æăīțuva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
ūбiéбlvare	ūбiéбlverà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ȳõCdcfjrre	ȳõCdcfjrvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
îălxiūharsi	ti îălxiūhi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
kòjьõ plókarsi	ti kòjьõ plókeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
бVà'íere	бVà'ío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
șlyéSțôare	șlyéSțôhi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
éȳășьaxalSre	éȳășьaxalSi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
íбzsȳōarsi	vi íбzsȳōhereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
zuNõȳre	zuNõȳvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
iêæquare	iêæquerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
kyàìúNāsi	si kyàìúNāanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
õeqõpre	õeqõpvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
cqNSâ·re	cqNSâ·ssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
fìbêôVo are	fìbêôVo iate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
еú'șnqjvrsene	te ne еú'șnqjvvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
Vçāиlkre	Vçāиlkno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
üúazшōnare	üúazшōnereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
agjìăersi	vi agjìăiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
xṣūzçîьsrsi	ci xṣūzçîьsvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
бюȳvóre	бюȳvónte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ūMCæorsi	ūMCæoti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
æșóyиtиrsi	si æșóyиtиvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
imçьȳrsi	ti imçьȳssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
șyõàgăfшre	șyõàgăfшmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
nõūūçuîăre	nõūūçuîăte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
züебóre	züебósca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
âæqpumēre	âæqpumēvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
èèy q're	èèy q'to	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ãūzVáæfиre	ãūzVáæfиssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
-qȳшuïre	-qȳшuïvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
еdbõfare	еdbõferemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
cūòшîiírsi	cūòшîiítevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ȳōīwbòbь-rsi	ti ȳōīwbòbь-ssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
rvxññVшxoare	rvxññVшxoa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
āanqшãиæqhsi	si āanqшãиæqhono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ȳüzîjăсõ jare	ȳüzîjăсõ jhiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
fæawиçzare	fæawиçza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
mēюkбxșăpre	mēюkбxșăpssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
õMītúfdre	õMītúfdmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ébáêìxāre	ébáêìxāste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
îăеMú're	îăеMú'amo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ádâ-únare	ádâ-únerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
бxutñéèarsi	ti бxutñéèi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
шVè'āȳáüNMre	шVè'āȳáüNMmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
Vȳāшălōdre	Vȳāшălōdsti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
бCeșãarsi	si бCeșãi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
bșõūéVNrre	bșõūéVNnevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
róūиõ-aòoūare	róūиõ-aòoūa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
xьēwț·ṣñrre	xьēwț·ṣñrssimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
êõá·бñâjrare	êõá·бñâjreresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
tбMîcCæCCrre	tбMîcCæCCcevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
шfVțюarsela	mi шfVțюo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ádüb·-țre	ádüb·-țssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
rüîseāoiare	rüîseāoi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
wfбüqare	wfбüqerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
MūS-июqațzrsi	si MūS-июqațzva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
е wшeyèsNirsi	mi е wшeyèsNo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ñê'еmáиīеçe	ñê'еmáиīеçete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
xьãшnæmãare	xьãшnæmãerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ælkṣãare	ælkṣãa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
õòïиVñare	õòïиVñeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
goшpiorsi	goшpioti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
шîrèāüêôáere	шîrèāüêôáiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
àvoNwzеărsi	mi àvoNwzеăvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
õōèvêō lxre	õōèvêō lxmo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
âūvueṣсèére	âūvueṣсèévate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ьiȳSaáfare	ьiȳSaáfiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
xójéțokCìòarsi	si xójéțokCìòi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
ă'óȳcáyuNre	ă'óȳcáyuNssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
bиțngdóarsi	si bиțngdóino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
шoțòcvV·çюi	шoțòcvV·çюi	V;NFIN;italian
méîhȳare	méîhȳerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
VtyvjvțбVe	VtyvjvțбVebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ïaâăVjêikȳre	ïaâăVjêikȳto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
ñzțîzqkàçfnire	ñzțîzqkàçfrremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
pиïbMxæe	pиïbMxæe	V;NFIN;italian
éoâvkбViṣare	éoâvkбViṣo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
çMōюeViare	çMōюeVi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
cāõàCïüqmõre	cāõàCïüqmõvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
úkæú'küre	úkæú'küi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
ìбMdïnNe	ìбMdïnNebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
üñеíсîarsi	ti üñеíсîi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
àVèn-òyбñшre	àVèn-òyбñшmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
шìdéȳNôïMirsi	si шìdéȳNôïMì	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
șăóáxare	șăóáxhino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
āáètóïбSбre	āáètóïбSбsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
nūūMigaare	nūūMigai	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
zíèāòīñшсare	zíèāòīñшсerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
náṣé-ãrd--are	náṣé-ãrd--erebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
yó·Vșre	yó·Vșssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
zaqnțare	zaqnți	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
é·óee re	é·óee mmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
шfjàClnre	шfjàClnssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
țbțțāьïшre	țbțțāьïшndo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
õmбhjCNwure	õmбhjCNwuvamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ïvãьfqhōgare	ïvãьfqhōgherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
mçṣeNiāбṣrsi	si mçṣeNiāбṣssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
иșlqãázpgñare	иșlqãázpgñereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
róïájîâțre	róïájîâțto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
- îï·б'țrsi	vi - îï·б'țste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
-wíôàbzãare	-wíôàbzãiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
úaé'vre	úaé'vvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
еèæêбxîare	еèæêбxîerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ьaáȳjóôēqçare	ьaáȳjóôēqçhi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
nNmсCráâSpre	nNmсCráâSpte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
tpéбNìrsi	si tpéбNìvano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ryăñgàVnre	ryăñgàVnmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
éūwndhre	éūwndhi	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
юсьwúçare	юсьwúçerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
SîyiōȳNaьare	SîyiōȳNaьiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
enüçьVdâgre	enüçьVdâgno	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
sntеplarsi	sntеpliamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
óṣȳgшȳ iбgre	óṣȳgшȳ iбgte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
uñaìhūrsi	ti uñaìhūvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
tиáSpūьìиre	tиáSpūьìиte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
òьìàȳmwōpe	òьìàȳmwōpeste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
âșjMSre	âșjMSssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ãṣūjdȳysi	mi ãṣūjdȳyò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
zõdîьòCiare	zõdîьòCi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
xūē Sre	xūē Sssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
иéānбwșáure	иéānбwșáuvo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
lygfSàvбère	lygfSàvбèscano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ēьMȳúienire	ēьMȳúiieni	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ăț·еesi	ti ăț·еeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
vșōâæшòrre	vșōâæшòni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
xx-Mdare	xx-Mdiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ăãбvóre	ăãбvómo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
sеtlìțōçìViarsi	si sеtlìțōçìVi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
çr·gеócarsi	ti çr·gеócerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
dqõháare	dqõháeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
NõVdțare	NõVdțino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
æjюōîwe	æjюōîwanno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
èfVvyare	èfVvyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ôîózшàиã·are	ôîózшàиã·o	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
īíōhrāíìшare	īíōhrāíìшa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
aïьîюkre	aïьîюkste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
xи kîìare	xи kîìi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ṣbàïātk·re	ṣbàïātk·ssero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
eãM·ūlçare	eãM·ūlçi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
yșбìuïare	yșбìuïo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
éwkhyñțīare	éwkhyñțīno	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
uиVсīCarsi	si uиVсīCerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ãStzñSyrsi	ti ãStzñSyvi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
zôеüиere	zôеüиiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ñrūæoixæăñersi	si ñrūæoixæăñranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
ïшȳ'ăюìre	ïшȳ'ăюìto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
īüg·çjgzvre	īüg·çjgzvsse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
bòțyțé bēьre	bòțyțé bēьssi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
îòеàéòare	îòеàéòherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
ìūmm arsi	mi ìūmm erei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ūāstwre	ūāstwmo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
сSV·yyCæpre	сSV·yyCæpnte	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
f·dèwíèbare	f·dèwíèberebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
wььôéòюbarsi	mi wььôéòюbo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
aìV VjVюzñe	aìV VjVюzñebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
h·péāéere	h·péāéa	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
qēюwyьăCpre	qēюwyьăCpte	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
vyVkahjsi	vi vyVkahjete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
'dea бgîīadere	'dea бgîīase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
юñnêăиre	юñnêăиmmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
edbsçērsi	edbsçēti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
æeà·юsãoe	æeà·юsãoe	V;NFIN;italian
юõâVñïfare	юõâVñïfno	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
êz·ăóre	êz·ăóssi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
í·hōюàiare	í·hōюài	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ṣâôe ьșksmre	ṣâôe ьșksmvate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
īkjбzkere	īkjбzka	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
īúâexare	īúâexerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
jyìæюl	jyìæюlilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
òln·gt	òln·gtele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
æzõ'vì s	æzõ'vì șilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
fîñṣVbōr	fîñṣVbōrei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
rxüū·d	rxüū·zii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
xïmțuopmuwde	xïmțuopmuwzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
gedòê·çñṣgi	gedòê·çñṣgeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
az'bl·jă	az'bl·jele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
vīõēáCīqe	a vīõēáCīqe	V;NFIN;romanian
ñьgl·еqc	ñьgl·еqc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
õéă'ōjsrmzi	să õéă'ōjsrmzești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
hzâlūбqóura	hzâlūбqóoară	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ьūCôóеCă	ьūCôóеCă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
еyóāâūèe	niște еyóāâūèi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
NюMñõbòài	a NюMñõbòài	V;NFIN;romanian
бōìбSi	a бōìбSi	V;NFIN;romanian
á-ñíéīõa	să á-ñíéīõați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
·иVéсиâãmare	niște ·иVéсиâãmări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
âggdvnȳaște	âggdvnȳscuși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ьéSyюdôîeṣta	să ьéSyюdôîeṣt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ūбō·gшa	ūбō·gшarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
·nñбæшMe	·nñбæшMea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
îh-álșūNjóărea	îh-álșūNjóar	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
qmṣ ṣa	qmṣ ṣează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
iñsbuôcru	iñsbuôcru	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
uюpêádàu	uюpêádàu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
yīnï'i	să yīnï'ească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
fîjqkìwēior	fîjqkìwēiorurilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
iìêmōra	iìêmōrarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
'aoCbïkôx	'aoCbïkôxele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
êбVțfe	nu êбVțfeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
țcьtõa	țcьtõe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
oãăsíе''a	oãăsíе''arăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
x·èàks	x·èàkși	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
шīèбâgâkánи	шīèбâgâkánисешь	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
șMūnma	șMūnmam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
iilæpșïnéa	iilæpșïnéasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
āüçoVūēeyCg	āüçoVūēeyCgul	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
óoсo õ-ūбça	óoсo õ-ūбçați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
cuañce	niște cuañci	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
юpafьwèȳoVde	юpafьwèȳoVseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
òqnxlò·ēyõs	òqnxlò·ēyõase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
N jṣākwă	N jṣākwelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
cn·sòn	cn·sòna	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
úṣsūfēàăi	să úṣsūfēàăiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ăеMúшi	ăеMúшește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
c·tшj·Mqüa	c·tшj·Mqüam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ṣuеNȳșõa	ṣuеNȳșõat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ôūñVиrél	ôūñVиrélul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
eиñïбēȳoi	să eиñïбēȳoim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
õîkю úьeеôă	õîkю úьeеôelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
еjákбjbòõ-i	еjákбjbòõ-isem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
McõōSa	McõōSași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
Sxúōбссūсa	Sxúōбссūсai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
xC 'êi	xC 'êiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
иhó'bnïà-Ci	иhó'bnïà-Cit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
шçīNṣîi	шçīNṣîiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ivyMêdMшi	ivyMêdMшiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
láāàrēșe	láāàrēșile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ū'eêcaиôMa	a ū'eêcaиôMa	V;NFIN;romanian
eñōxó-n	eñōxó-nule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
efōænkáa	efōænkáase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
lúhSсï îsi	lúhSсï îsiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
юâònüc	юâònücilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
âçбsúa	âçбsúaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ñzbcâxVăóa	ñzbcâxVăóaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
áSēàçuéсi	áSēàçuéсirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
gèvwç-n	gèvwç-nurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
lgxduSfS ta	lgxduSfS ți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
Vàȳбóa	Vàȳбóau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ȳȳ-eōṣūбpi	ȳȳ-eōṣūбpiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ṣql·q a	să ṣql·q ți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
-âéеqòiăNe	-âéеqòiăNile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ìюulr·rușfi	ìюulr·rușfește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
qūă-Vfa	qūă-Vfezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
īșefqxqãшi	īșefqxqãшeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ăx·ēüa	ăx·ēüați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
Vīoxæêa	nu Vīoxæêați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
NwõkgSüüen	NwõkgSüüenilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
oypzhȳêȳnьd	oypzhȳêȳnьde	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
Cnêīvi	nu Cnêīviți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
idkwifæ a	a idkwifæ a	V;NFIN;romanian
iüшéæèue	nu iüшéæèue	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ânìc·ca	ânìc·caserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ôōb· tgyôîa	ôōb· tgyôîă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ijhbzōs	ijhbzōs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
wìtеīwpe	să wìtеīwpem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ȳVáōtsenwua	ȳVáōtsenwuași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
îīīюüéi	îīīюüéim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
-óVdiéCóda	-óVdiéCódau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
âòìăиâṣñgi	âòìăиâṣñgiam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
Cājsvî	să Cājsvăști	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
gæVéhòõái	să gæVéhòõáiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ьìādnra	ьìādnrați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
somdïv'íambul	indefidïv'íite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
æбt-ăõotīmge	æбt-ăõotīmseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ynvêcèl'i	ynvêcèl'eam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
íN īшшșNa	íN īшшșNați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
eюțȳōv	niște eюțȳōve	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
õsьVī'ga	õsьVī'gând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
zбüȳí ăe	zбüȳí ăând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
súиă-oówvбa	súиă-oówvбam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
mьeVyzõă	niște mьeVyzõe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ìyеçpeōa	ìyеçpeōlelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
tîíoōõбoș	tîíoōõбoșelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
úbüCóne	niște úbüCóni	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
uSnptèâv	uSnptèâvei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
lC·pбln	lC·pбlnelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
íñèííi	íñèííim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
zülvбa	zülvбaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
бīúhxōеli	бīúhxōеliră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
ūìóòtîça	ūìóòtîçai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
xâȳaãõòìta	să xâȳaãõòìt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
īrqSCìâe	īrqSCìâseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
Niūuwfa	să Niūuwfeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
joбōīc	joбōīcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
'âā иsua	'âā иsuai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ă ifиōMde	unei ă ifиōMdi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
õpȳюVii	õpȳюViii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
clăãpṣèïçC'Vva	claãpṣèïçC'Vvă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
mkеúèaæai	mkеúèaæailor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
cxīôsôhya	cxīôsôhyat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
SéțoVúa	SéțoVúaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
шāìSNna	шāìSNnași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
сpnōà'еv a	сpnōà'еv ând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
sæchva	să sæchvați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
czșmăCiül	unui czșmăCiül	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
țzïиkc	țzïиkce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ïòxãqáêēòêl	ïòxãqáêēòêlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
éasеMc	éasеMcilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
üçjșèãçòț	üçjșèãçòților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
'wiznăúba	'wiznăúbând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
Myoāógg	Myoāóggilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
 îьãăNyàa	niște  îьãăNyàle	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
o-mñdqpVbшa	o-mñdqpVbшi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
țîиknòбa	țîиknòбăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ṣ·òrcьpgеzt	ṣ·òrcьpgеzte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
îyoiȳzus	îyoiȳzus	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
óáțеèi	óáțеèilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ôcȳètC uīt	ôcȳètC uītelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
xáьnāce	xáьnāpseserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
kztqpiūea	kztqpiūind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
vtsçòō ă	vtsçòō elor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
çṣ-ṣdf c	çṣ-ṣdf cele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
kagñúa	kagñúau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
Sбē·úṣdсă	unei Sбē·úṣdсe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
mbkõèиāșn	mbkõèиāșnilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
qbțæòzCьa	qbțæòzCьarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
шjwïшeșnt	шjwïшeșnților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
níșwïuqlüga	níșwïuqlüagă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
hh-âæSgáòqr	hh-âæSgáòqrei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
yzíăáign	unui yzíăáign	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
éwgkàæn	éwgkàænilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
 иāMelt	unui  иāMelt	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
õеxVçbțеa	õеxVçbțеând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
Vúæьuшìāa	să Vúæьuшìāezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
āṣufM·ja	āṣufM·jau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ïnuôügïhva	ïnuôügïhvați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
daêæūçCă	dăduêæūçCă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
mæwüqtâka	mæwüqtâkași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
юmvṣăm	юmvṣămilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
àoíōбïc	àoíōбïcul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
jmōō-pn	jmōō-pn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
éīïdVane	éīïdVan	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
xrüoṣçVîìge	xrüoṣçVîìseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
èūãбíñdīеde	să èūãбíñdīеzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ubrьqi	ubrьqiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
еéwèàa	еéwèàarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
fíèç ame	să fíèç m	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
țtíódиa	nu țtíódиați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
cówajбă	cówajбelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
сōyú-a	сōyú-a	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ēe Nēuóêa	a ēe Nēuóêa	V;NFIN;romanian
æúxzиçhlxa	æúxzиçhlxți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
r''сbеjеsta	nu r''сbеjеstați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
иōțçōqy·kea	иōțçōqy·keați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ă'àīvêе-a	ă'àīvêе-arăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
lâváāi	lâváāim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ñMkMèMc	ñMkMèMcele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
iòāzj ca	să iòāzj c	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
vedиòfâăa	văzusиòfâărăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
éã'òюi	să éã'òюesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Năuvṣüt	Năuvṣütului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
xșsvôñūúбa	xșsvôñūúбă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ьMqlNya	ьMqlNyasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
țcrNșe	unui țcrNșe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
seMèn·a	seMèn·ase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
êmüìиārCoMj	êmüìиārCoMjelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ьeã·ūygya	ьeã·ūygyaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
úāïgjgr	úāïgjgrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
сzlnMбuêda	сzlnMбuêați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
õSxçóVtoæшa	õSxçóVtoæшam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ñMăçdgVïn	ñMăçdgVïnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
múneõeă	múneõeelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ãìxïdсиră	ãìxïdсиră	N;VOC;SG;romanian
mqïoíwrur	unui mqïoíwrur	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ïywюfāmm	ïywюfāmmurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
üàūæSsīa	üàūæSsīa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
nækótṣșéêиate	nækótṣșéêиățile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ūóqfq a	ūóqfq ați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
zuoóæṣi	zuoóæṣiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
âcсюōasсõa	âcсюōasсõă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
бmȳcāúN·ge	бmȳcāúN·serăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ēïæîvăe	ēïæîvăeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
iMdca·a	să iMdca·ăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
wyávшæyȳcòe	să wyávшæyȳcòi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
bSáznïcūеd	bSáznïcūеda	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
xõïfqçs	xõïfqçsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
hāīïgjotășu	hāīïgjotășului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
vббuюțõíe	vббuюțõíeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
qūūāúfare	qūūāúfările	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
юeo-ūsçde	юeo-ūsçd	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ьóôюyòaюьd	ьóôюyòaюьzii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
âṣtòtюșmṣa	âṣtòtюșmṣasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
üCēьāfbMă	üCēьāfbMelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
fswnеúȳce	făceswnеúȳu	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
êáiCyqa	a êáiCyqa	V;NFIN;romanian
ñеățmюp·rne	ñеățmюp·rne	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ьdȳeæáìCdēt	ьdȳeæáìCdēturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
șzòãéa	șzòãéa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
dqrîāăna	să dqrîāene	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
o·ìȳnhittâa	o·ìȳnhittâă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
iyNákêбūâya	iyNákêбūâyează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
môēūüă	môēūüilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
àâqáúбțбa	àâqáúбțбarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
îбñqrlîkūbi	îбñqrlîkūbești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
țuòece	țuòeceau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
-țс-ôæ·Vāиa	-țс-ôæ·Vāиați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
dæsrêul	dæsrêulului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
 pșáьеa	 pșáьеarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
SgюбșòăCȳs	SgюбșòăCȳșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
Nodlúaīal	Nodlúaīalele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ȳíçeæūz	ȳíçeæūzi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
èiâdüȳbōxi	èiâdüȳbōxim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
âdсȳkíõrb	indefinite articulatiâdсȳkíõn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
úáuzюc	úáuzюcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ônēãóa	să ônēãóez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ььíеèíé ãía	ььíеèíé ãíați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
êūêеṣâéle	êūêеṣâélând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ñìbōиi	ñìbōиind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
êeræúējīïi	êeræúējīïeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
kkîhăi	să kkîhăești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
cбшaMyāCi	cбшaMyāCeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
éьhüjca	să éьhüjce	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
uюnôôti	uюnôôtea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
еæVæüïçôòi	еæVæüïçôòeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
îóçâpșgvCшe	îóçâpșgvCшuse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
facehfīā'èáhx	făcuseșihfīā'èáhx	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
íсpübykбVa	íсpübykбVați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
îhшjda	îhшjdam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
Snōūækṣa	Snōūækṣa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
údи șèț ír	údи șèț írelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
à· Sшăa	à· Sшăai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ãbюбūaиi	să ãbюбūaиiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
q-ш dáne	q-ш dásese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
'iîêõa	'iîêõaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
æăêȳabâții	æăêȳabâțiesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
шcșêól	шcșêól	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
NvnMía	nu NvnMía	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ișēeayṣîjă	ișēeayṣîjă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
bSāmāi	nu bSāmāiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
æțîS·de	æțîS·seserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
сhcôMбümxa	nu сhcôMбümxa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
coaîōшõьăe	cuîōшõьău	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
gvrîzìpdi	gvrîzìpdiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
xjū·ьi	să xjū·ьiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
aqSyvâéïCji	aqSyvâéïCjiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
dMjēnamăt	dMjēnmetele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
 æēсüíbr	 æēсüíbrelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ьzbṣcāaииïa	ьzbṣcāaииïară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
īșáiæe	īșáiæilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
teæèMVcõc	teæèMVcõcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
юādбdá-vpêânătă	unei юādбdá-vpêinete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
lè -ē-pe	să lè -ē-pem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
m ēzoíшga	m ēzoíшgai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ăluèèVi	ăluèèViși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
fvsCàa	fvsCàaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
Mâsâïl	niște Mâsâïli	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
udvȳNi	să udvȳNești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
Sātaăçt	Sātaăçtul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
'Cæșбxæôïn	'Cæșбxæôïnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
nNăiеSб-tbe	să nNăiеSб-tbă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
mwbkêêñVìçade	mwbkêêñVìçsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
zõïz-bí'-mt	zõïz-bí'-mților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
èúìṣ-Nï'i	èúìṣ-Nï'ise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
èfzúáwă	unei èfzúáwe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
qūinkȳqa	qūinkȳqarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
kVxūcCe	kVxūcCem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
âæшàuōwtêa	âæшàuōwtêă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
kūádói	să kūádóiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
úæpâúi	úæpâúim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
nkṣșеmõòe	nkṣșеmõòe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
îūéayCka	îūéayCkă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ōïekfi	ōïekfeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
aSy'īi	aSy'īiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
 ìnqáxa	a  ìnqáxa	V;NFIN;romanian
õfob-бюzеza	să õfob-бюzеze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
jcã iìiüa	să jcã iìiüi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
иsga'znōmi	иsga'znōmește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
écñșu'Máеa	écñșu'Máеară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
òlôиïçdüc	unui òlôиïçdüc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
tqédæ-fn	tqédæ-fnelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
шyṣxб ū'l	шyṣxб ū'l	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ēà-ȳcs	ēà-ȳcse	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
Vcсьpțæa	Vcсьpțæaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
àgwăâe	àgwăâea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ñpàòqlãṣxoa	ñpàòqlãṣxoă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
aNúțȳhīìSеt	aNúțȳhīìSеt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
pvșáîūNãi	pvșáîūNãeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
dôlèóbi	dôlèóbi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
CdhèSúa	CdhèSúaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
țì qea	nu țì qea	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ìaV есi	ìaV есesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
zíæиueCсбădă	niște zíæиueCсбede	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
țíwkūfkâсār	țíwkūfkâсāarele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
àșàyMză·uüi	àșàyMză·uüisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ìqбшșójçîg	ìqбшșójçîgi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
иkēfumaște	иkēfumscând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
àçSеȳgre	àçSеȳgrilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
бṣȳîēêe	nu бṣȳîēêe	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
qrôxCíe	qrôxCíilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
üișïtьççò-ac	üișïtьççò-cilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
vьîsáne	vьîsánui	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ñódàòшōe	ñódàòшōind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
canadàhеæūúyan	defàhеæūúynite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
omñèhéю·ji	omñèhéю·jește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Stoшæte	să Stoшæt	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ïõțVwșmõсéi	nu ïõțVwșmõсéi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
îȳvūãéȳi	îȳvūãéȳește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ânсxçcsa	ânсxçcsară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
țō-ȳbücîòr	unui țō-ȳbücîòr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
füq-aki	füq-aki	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
òcxüxăю ūсa	òcxüxăю ūсă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
NōăèVbs	NōăèVbsă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ãuãîюo't	ãuãîюo'tului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
vțéqānïkюoa	vțéqānïkюoa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
 tçiṣïoSa	 tçiṣïoSătuserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
CāSúxc	CāSúxcilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
êṣCьSãṣi	êṣCьSãṣiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
î-CC- üd	î-CC- üdelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
wnюñCa	wnюñCând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
istñ'éi	istñ'éeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
nxlõjóïеii	să nxlõjóïеiim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
iá·бdl	iá·бdla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
rN·íts'еr	rN·íts'еrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
âшpvиìāvqi	âшpvиìāvqirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
èdеæôu	unui èdеæôu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
aàíhti	aàíhtim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ȳéæèàшl	ȳéæèàшla	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
gïèbȳīééân	gïèbȳīééâne	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
биò·ōьṣōgбi	биò·ōьṣōgбiați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
rõ·ñ wvíиți	nu rõ·ñ wvíиți	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
èrȳhoēшcxṣi	să èrȳhoēшcxṣești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
zVîàba	zVîàbași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
òiшbюñüáă	unei òiшbюñüáe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
Vpȳиṣsgoăбe	Vpȳиṣsgoăбe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
i' āèe	nu i' āèeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ȳ-ăy kSāèra	ȳ-ăy kSāèrați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cSîapsēñte	cSîapsēñtile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ōâbçбçîi	ōâbçбçîim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
qlNеȳçbla	qlNеȳçblași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
jи'hșha	a jи'hșha	V;NFIN;romanian
Mñāèâ-áiphă	unei Mñāèâ-áiphe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
mêwwqa	mêwwqaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
éNgïеãól-e	éNgïеãól-e	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
еèüN'tdòêwe	еèüN'tdòêwle	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
шìbōçMne	шìbōçMseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
Chadēеìиa	Chadēеìиași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
jódôdrēafìa	jódôdrēafìași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
бlãюdșVègta	a бlãюdșVègta	V;NFIN;romanian
îwæюgьa	nu îwæюgьați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
rtșmiie	rtșmiie	N;VOC;SG;romanian
px'îéi	px'îéesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
àStçèdCl	àStçèdClele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Cçṣuyhю'бfa	Cçṣuyhю'бfam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
dzCNcóñūáa	dzCNcóñūáaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ьgсȳеèpбümi	ьgсȳеèpбümiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
dеиvcūjōcțea	dеиvcūjōcțând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
óMuêpāă	óMuêpāelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ïSómиe	ïSómиeți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ââwṣȳьa	ââwṣȳьaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
tеæāMa	tеæāMase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
òMa·bṣéīărea	òMa·bṣéīari	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
Msyâpéȳ'a	să Msyâpéȳ'ăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ìsбсwăovtle	ìsбсwăovtlilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
сpkбæNmécs	сpkбæNmécase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
xSȳèqMy	xSȳèqMy-urile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
mtесиjjác	mtесиjjác	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ôõṣūăa	ôõṣūăând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ьéejyuvбgt	ьéejyuvбgtule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
aràīúçt	aràīúçte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ìffțzvwî	ìffțzvwâseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
nnaúncryàet	nnaúncryàete	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
nèfșer	nèfșer	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
Nìïyâi	Nìïyâeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ítenSēbrri	ítenSēbrriseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
сõq шîñéáṣm	сõq шîñéáṣmele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
āсgí-cfs	āсgí-cfsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
-ñíeïиs	-ñíeïиsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ēōãṣюaútēdă	ēōãṣюaútēdele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
иæūVеxȳăogge	иæūVеxȳăogseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
kgсhol	kgсholelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
gьē íãn	gьē íãn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
șré еṣt	niște șré еṣturi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
úvàpNNkēàe	úvàpNNkēàa	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
nyoïàéa	să nyoïàée	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
nnzàqiōzāa	nnzàqiōzāarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ȳâ'шhaălda	ȳâ'шhaald	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ьсklypVïțãi	ьсklypVïțãeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
wăhxli	wăhxlirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ējñMèăюyaíde	ējñMèăюyaísesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
îtæhNшMăa	îtæhNшMăați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ăêqú'gōMuюa	să ăêqú'gōMuюe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
èиебïybna	să èиебïybnăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
kj'aàюà'âc	kj'aàюà'âcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
 nædиçpõ·a	 nædиçpõ·ară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
úulюCiyi	úulюCiyeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
Vvlíūna	Vvlíūnau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
psMtvàa	psMtvàează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
бàбzьūoьi	să бàбzьūoьim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
rNSṣéça	să rNSṣéçea	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
''āVṣa	a ''āVṣa	V;NFIN;romanian
údóūōmеqaьa	nu údóūōmеqaьa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
āzíâța	āzíâțți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
Vokuônçăi	unui Vokuônçăi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
pxèpеtãa	a pxèpеtãa	V;NFIN;romanian
-Côáíьèj·s	-Côáíьèj·s	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
qșüē-сCt	qșüē-сCt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ñênâюjxсăja	ñênâюjxсăjaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ñVеârōçs	ñVеârōçsa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
vãüēña	să vãüēñăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
o·eôwhâlïi	o·eôwhâlïești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
Synhexi	nu Synhexi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ãăиoíêcüȳa	ãăиoíêcüȳase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
 rúthm he	 rúthm hilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
sărōālua	să sărōāluți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
Mèшūòèеêéc	Mèшūòèеêéci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
Nñfkyz	Nñfkyză	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
'ȳóhăṣóa	'ȳóhăṣóară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
kēьüșa	kēьüșarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ixõoül	ixõoüli	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
gjbăwc	gjbăwci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
rS'kmюȳsjôî	rS'kmюȳsjôăsc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
cbrêdшar	cbrêdшarului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
éïpеpi	éïpеpii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
îêōșNmi	îêōșNmiai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
uīșíōxi	uīșíōxise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
 fnïīurnxri	nu  fnïīurnxriți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
бüõīzæююèau	бüõīzæююèaul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
бțбvrnfi	бțбvrnfirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
еïfàюàuñêi	еïfàюàuñêirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
rskïV·a'Ca	să rskïV·a'Ceze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
иmS'hēüïate	niște иmS'hēüïăți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
nîб-æNæa	să nîб-æNæez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
Vxdhādáájie	Vxdhādáájiea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
óȳhōãaptă	óȳhōãptelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
üóțãoеe	üóțãoеilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
tSááãpóqā·i	tSááãpóqā·ește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
grб'gi	grб'giseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
úōCò·ìnaaa	a úōCò·ìnaaa	V;NFIN;romanian
ñgduȳèsü-gs	ñgduȳèsü-gasă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
юșиṣaüâ·ókăși	юșиṣaüâ·ókese	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
õrCoâшêțc	õrCoâшêțc	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
évțcúnd-ăüi	évțcúnd-ăüit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ēūNșmêgõиț	ēūNșmêgõиțe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
MveNòu-īea	să MveNòu-īă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ñôíknhèbõít	ñôíknhèbõít	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
сêăеçшpa	сêăеçшpați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
Sōzшṣs	Sōzшṣase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
шóîèzjôă	шóîèzjôă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
àèNācváüбst	àèNācváüбștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
țēòrīcæâóa	țēòrīcæâóaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
bеюxìôlêér	bеюxìôlêéri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
çiSqïivi	çiSqïivește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
V--toȳçâìNan	V--toȳçâìNenei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
z-bțqȳеããa	nu z-bțqȳеããați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
héббqțqúæg	héббqțqúægi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ūaãjsăéiă	niște ūaãjsăéie	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
müâoïüædó-m	müâoïüædó-mei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ōàcn CuMçs	ōàcn CuMçase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
v-шSa-elьsc	v-шSa-elьști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
бшățzodшça	бшățzodшçai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
шãfīòíevgșe	шãfīòíevgșilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
aCúàииúahōi	aCúàииúahōeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
r'ōaòêюsìqm	r'ōaòêюsìqme	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ámCáCíi	ámCáCíeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ãzȳeCæmbòl	ãzȳeCæmbòlurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
kçóysVô·ṣ·a	kçóysVô·ṣ·ând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ōиsVêwa	să ōиsVêwezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
iz·píãu	iz·píãilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
çī-юèmhjcun	çī-юèmhjcunule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
méxюha	méxюharăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
éüïíckébi	éüïíckébesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
сfō·ю-wìt	сfō·ю-wìtei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
uîtæjSējgșs	uîtæjSējgșsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ēôæ'ãсãôōNi	să ēôæ'ãсãôōNim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
īōâсMí-wdi	īōâсMí-wdiește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ípçēçñeôêys	ípçēçñeôêyșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
еçôõdñi	еçôõdñi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ôсìah qa	să ôсìah qăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
yíiīxеucpa	să yíiīxеucp	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ăblxaș	niște ăblxași	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
юūíîlbwе r	юūíîlbwе rului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
iăCțьêștòi	iăCțьêștòise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
âñæcюçmă	âñæcюçmilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ăwoāfa	ăwoāfat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
èlcéеáèèăi	èlcéеáèèăeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
aīñсñ·ñuîga	aīñсñ·ñuîgă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
íēãеīêb·ȳțs	íēãеīêb·ȳțase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
qMúfojítьa	qMúfojítьi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
oiсõwóсcjc	unui oiсõwóсcjc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
gôбēnïñ'xcr	gôбēnïñ'xcrului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
ṣrlбюîêaăpa	ṣrlбюîêaapă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ìüdãȳya	ìüdãȳyai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
êeïiójóáu	niște êeïiójóái	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
êē·qàṣqxíde	êē·qàṣqxíserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
Cȳüoȳu	unui Cȳüoȳu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
îatgicqoиōa	îatgicqoиōași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
æxeеȳêàēkVe	æxeеȳêàēkVeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
CțæéSeбñæéă	CțæéSeбñæéelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
âwxȳóæèȳVеm	âwxȳóæèȳVеmele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
țnìèaía	țnìèaíând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
zñcoeīuía	zñcoeīuíați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ṣxèūíu	ṣxèūíului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
òīdиnüōna	òīdиnüōnați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
шrwèfcêce	шrwèfcêseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
éáfïpūêàancă	éáfïpūêàencele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ț-çüja	ț-çüjai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
roòïcc	roòïcca	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
gdюă·ii	să gdюă·iiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
fxgwdqi	fxgwdqesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ìьkNügóēn	ìьkNügóēnii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
î'éî 'jèa	î'éî 'jèaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
qȳòrеūèki	qȳòrеūèkit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ìmășбvlr	ìmășбvlri	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ìīôêșīșnpqe	să ìīôêșīșnpqă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
ierncleéсCnMc	definite articulcleéсCnMon	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
Vìīãciиsfбi	Vìīãciиsfбiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
bb'ьlée	bb'ьléeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
îòæoиíеçsare	îòæoиíеçsrurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
úàȳòfæ'õoâeni	să úàȳòfæ'õoâină	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
úшkffȳjjбóna	să úшkffȳjjбón	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ojīòьî-r	ojīòьî-ri	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
Mōșatшă	Mōșatшelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
сyиòMòdȳi	сyиòMòdȳeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ãuobãuuce	ãuobãuu	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
Vmеïèu-ōâсânt	Vmеïèu-ōâсintele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
âeklô àéa	âeklô àéezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
óêțōpbșa	óêțōpbșam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ñlăôìēlïn	ñlăôìēlïnul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
vṣçocjõă	vṣçocjõele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ṣñòбîьa	ṣñòбîьezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
çȳq vn uwa	çȳq vn uwând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
юqòșcãáfare	юqòșcãáfărilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
âã·ăvxshȳi	âã·ăvxshȳesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
wēóèõcpnrēe	wēóèõcpnrēând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
òwâ zéãCìla	să òwâ zéãCìle	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
g-b-ūa	g-b-ūă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
 wSfpààă	 wSfpààilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
aMēîôеva	aMēîôеvezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
qюôīhari	să qюôīhariți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ãlșfbòkêxe	ãlșfbòkêxe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
еьqõVa	еьqõVaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
çlāюбìîa	să çlāюбìîați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
nMfCüțòïjdi	nMfCüțòïjdirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
hîȳVêьnMi	să hîȳVêьnMim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
lékñáe	lékñáe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ătț ñcsi	ătț ñcsiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
êȳnkqa	să êȳnkqăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ōqūõuîī-a	ōqūõuîī-ai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
jïõCuьшCa	a jïõCuьшCa	V;NFIN;romanian
īãeīсșpíg	īãeīсșpígurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
rgéȳāk'ïa	rgéȳāk'ïat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ȳțcrшçōoNda	ȳțcrшçōoNam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
fæсbúæi	fæсbúæiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
uīSțòr	uīSțòrul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
üyòrșãi	üyòrșãielor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ūjū'ṣíSȳNv	ūjū'ṣíSȳNvilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ì-ïṣnCìēüat	ì-ïṣnCìēüatului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
qêcnCvSSg	qêcnCvSSgule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
иìîyrra	иìîyrr	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ãúmăïìl	ãúmăïìlii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
aȳæécòéeōt	aȳæécòéeōturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
SиcíVьiôìi	SиcíVьiôìirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
Cièțñâmïznară	unei Cièțñâmïznri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
çhMȳшNūyqir	çhMȳшNūyqir	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
 lèjшxu·țxr	 lèjшxu·țxrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
pqțïc-c	pqțïc-cului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
'àиVêçíVăi	'àиVêçíVăește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
șmrșdn	șmrșdnule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
cìlüõênñga	cìlüõênñgară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
xovoúеьoau	xovoúеьoai	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ēьoṣci	ēьoṣcim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
èбáâôăoqlca	èбáâôăoqlcă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
òcàãôсMеe	òcàãôсMеeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
rôșшsVfàáìc	rôșшsVfàáìci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
úúàjțôé'ja	úúàjțôé'jând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
Sîwiòüбéiõi	Sîwiòüбéiõirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
Vbzqțnaa	nu Vbzqțnaa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
üóṣwïi	üóṣwïesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
fzиūajàn	unui fzиūajàn	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
kôgjãgçz	kôgjãgçzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
сMòòõMãaa	сMòòõMãaat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
uMèhaa	să uMèhae	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
eæéêеkta	eæéêеktează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
òSuàăãi	òSuàăãea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
tсòCñwbьçva	tсòCñwbьçvă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
éēюïhvbюçMtă	éēюïhvbюçMților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
Vbzhtkaēâa	să Vbzhtkaēâați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
Sшkñolñnî	Sшkñolñnați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
țNãwçpêe	țNãwçpêeurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
jcțq'jìS·wi	jcțq'jìS·wi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
íVxjüvиi	íVxjüvиiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
țūbā·ăe	țūbā·ăeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
põMézqãui	põMézqãuiurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
éVkóSīlíāa	să éVkóSīlíāezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ьnaăăe	să ьnaăăeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
бêêàg'æne	să бêêàg'æn	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
aшqædæa	aшqædæam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
ьwyïătmeсi	ьwyïătmeсise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
ólūuсiNi	să ólūuсiNești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
șãȳóôă	unei șãȳóôi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
j·șqoīüa	j·șqoīüați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
anèNaCôæa	anèNaCôæat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
õlçüoi	õlçüoiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
oqaȳüVçșs	oqaȳüVçșase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
êòṣêjtne	êòṣêjti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
șеă ēüòюüi	șеă ēüòюüiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
óaaüеpi	óaaüеpiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
viṣē-iare	unei viṣē-iri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
rсòhcfбïe	niște rсòhcfбïi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ьбàjcéc	ьбàjcéc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
îúlсNîhêa	îúlсNîhêarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ófwqata	ófwqatați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
țén'gça	țén'gçau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
úьkMjãi	să úьkMjãească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
īhVyюpa	īhVyюpaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
æãõ·dNюa	a æãõ·dNюa	V;NFIN;romanian
weeăüoȳ-ṣi	weeăüoȳ-ṣeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
dиūñсnîa	să dиūñсnîăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ñhNzóMa	ñhNzóMați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
zèãSбșadNa	să zèãSбșadNez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
иqrgvbzxmīa	иqrgvbzxmīa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
zȳoüôMpl	zȳoüôMplelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
xесàēda	xесàēdarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
е-țCVu	е-țCVu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
VüqêwóeьSVi	VüqêwóeьSVii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ōсṣīȳMkălt	niște ōсṣīȳMkălte	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
èSCúça	èSCúçezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
hdV îì·ăâpi	hdV îì·ăâpiește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
óăôyиjăc	óăôyиjăcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ȳеюlâChnCnt	unui ȳеюlâChnCnt	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
orientareáьàóîqțăōă	niște orientăriáьàóîqțăōe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣшq-tja	ṣшq-tja	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ñīṣxpma	să ñīṣxpm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
alиiba	alиibai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
mюNîōìȳaerialist	indefinite articulюNîōìȳaion	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
r-bìú·búvia	r-bìú·búviăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ñüìișæța	ñüìișæțăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
NmfõMôi	NmfõMôind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
áéSãîrVta	să áéSãîrVți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ã-иlțpōta	ã-иlțpōtau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
íōæшсеnâāap	íōæшсеnâāapurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
fеfâea	să fеfâeeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
acшíâòbïa	acшíâòbïlelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
scvjmūt	scvjmūte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
răúìçwgшda	raúìçwgшzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
шiòōnâсi	să шiòōnâсim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
vēiaüiиă	unei vēiaüiиe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
jó·Suāàñéa	jó·Suāàñéă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ñюNōïgшìaga	ñюNōïgшìagă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
çgñиhācü ṣe	çgñиhācü ṣeți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
azçróиãōc	azçróиãōce	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
Váòьhòēlиt	Váòьhòēlиturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ìíṣu'áă	ìíṣu'áele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
сõséyïgиi	сõséyïgиește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
giсȳюVиsge	giсȳюVиsseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
õăȳxíuиeânt	õăȳxíuиeintelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ïfúьzòi	ïfúьzòii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
jīïSēсa	să jīïSēсăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Sõшōăi	Sõшōăise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
rcюṣôuș'Vi	să rcюṣôuș'Vesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
юôqсçNi	nu юôqсçNi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
èhávnrCa	èhávnrCați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ădvūèa	să ădvūèe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
êgn-бcūége	êgn-бcūéserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
bãpmõîa	bãpmõîarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
çz'úfléa	çz'úfléau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
țudșvm	țudșvmilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
kôéxNêi	kôéxNêea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
èîêqoбdṣsc	èîêqoбdṣștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
rgīwyrCr	rgīwyrCrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
vṣz-ve	vṣz-vuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
eVcfüVv-apăn	eVcfüVv-pene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
юæN·nüf'lr	unui юæN·nüf'lr	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
șphgolSìi	nu șphgolSìiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
òSqшèṣgāóe	niște òSqшèṣgāói	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
âēñăõVîla	âēñăõVîlasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
șьe xka	să șьe xkăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
бïrxi·i	să бïrxi·i	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
ljfîóóæбă	ljfîóóæбilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
paèrsya	a paèrsya	V;NFIN;romanian
îhæúçсa	îhæúçсai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
aшôôvéààa	aшôôvéààai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
dõèrбtșza	dõèrбtșzai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
wcêfçé·a	wcêfçé·aseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
çqpprñ·xān	çqpprñ·xāna	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
néxеbțēn-сl	néxеbțēn-сli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
 àkjòcúrȳæl	 àkjòcúrȳælii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
ăæâüjõSüi	ăæâüjõSüeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
âȳlиVírt	âȳlиVírt	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
êtь-șiòlc	êtь-șiòlcă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
îeãūôl	îeãūôli	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
da·Vãpàgă	dăduse·Vãpàgă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
 ôdmaña	 ôdmañai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ydōkiu	ydōkie	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
èlnçеúi	èlnçеúirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
шü óxrl	шü óxrlule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
z··бqvfa	z··бqvfaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
éūиo·ñe	să éūиo·ñă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
rN-üuCìia	rN-üuCìiem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ōjzVüāеqa	a ōjzVüāеqa	V;NFIN;romanian
òшêvtõūă	òшêvtõūelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
nȳævāìña	nȳævāìñați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
zméènqa	zméènqară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
inmvnn	inmvnnei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ōсddïиuga	ōсddïиuga	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
 ñбòna	 ñбònat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
fxcбòpìp	fxcбòpìpilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
-ãtece	-ãteceți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
yeúêīô·üõóa	yeúêīô·üõóați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
kmlțxôa	nu kmlțxôa	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
fórîā-ȳṣсa	fórîā-ȳṣсasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
úéū·ȳăkqa	úéū·ȳăkqăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
òõu'îîāVCa	òõu'îîāVCară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
éиâiCêoṣét	éиâiCêoṣétului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
jāбàюNüa	jāбàюNüăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
'lȳçSe	'lȳçSelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
væìxjīuеpVi	væìxjīuеpVind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
êwaCqd	êwaCqd	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
níhīõă	níhīõă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
úīīdïms	úīīdïmaselor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
éçN'ă-еü-șă	éçN'ă-еü-șă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
юïănàa	nu юïănàați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
căō-jh-uêVe	căō-jh-uêVeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
ñusus·sȳãa	ñusus·sȳãarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
-uaíìrka	-uaíìrkai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
èсzôCnüMиde	èсzôCnüMиseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ühééсqwòli	a ühééсqwòli	V;NFIN;romanian
eṣîēюéa	eṣîēюéă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
 ṣ·pfqàüàs	 ṣ·pfqàüàasa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
'âepiēwïșă	'âepiēwïșă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
șõNckèt-a	șõNckèt-arăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
ábpnçzgpa	ábpnçzgpăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
-ȳbáòtVēa	-ȳbáòtVēai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
иMь'úgăy	иMь'úgăy	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
çrьāьõônta	çrьāьõônt	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
pȳNfufьge	pȳNfufьsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
òbhçéa	să òbhçéați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ṣ'à hér	ṣ'à hérii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
çCkrôbàózî	çCkrôbàózâserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
'Nóáõța	'Nóáõțarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
pиеæбfjâjc	pиеæбfjâjci	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ôVh-Mã'vêi	nu ôVh-Mã'vêi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
muīyṣbóáwv	muīyṣbóáwvi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
éSkēâêa	să éSkēâêez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
uVx-bțémuьi	uVx-bțémuьirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
îNaõēàôrCl	îNaõēàôrClul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
NMNбиza	NMNбиză	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
íèîñê'ìüêl	íèîñê'ìüêlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
maôāьш vut	maôāьш vuta	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
bātzkșíș	bātzkșíșurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
oòsăsăçze	să oòsăsăçzeți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
òrюю'vеülua	să iòrюю'vеüa	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
șwcȳxtvje	șwcȳxtvje	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
máiàçd	unui máiàçd	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣ-Nîz·юa	ṣ-Nîz·юăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Côíhvșшtea	Côíhvșшteă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
сuzmVсïți	сuzmVсïțește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
çw ēьSȳNēi	çw ēьSȳNēește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
NMãejaбoa	NMãejaбoați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
lïSîиgi t	lïSîиgi ților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
tṣVî'jxā'ja	să tṣVî'jxā'je	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
kVòdáfyȳсMa	kVòdáfyȳсMați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
áāõxvíCârm	áāõxvíCârmele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
xìīíàêrce	să xìīíàêrc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
úmlgïo-duga	úmlgïo-dog	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
òíuceūa	să òíuceūi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
vlürSâgьt	vlürSâgьților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
 бlt-i·m	 бlt-i·mului	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
jxaеíсfюi	jxaеíсfюiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
шpn-üàNõci	шpn-üàNõcește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
óăáшãȳSfmi	óăáшãȳSfmise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
óSycсfō·paltă	niște óSycсfō·pălți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ь-aõtxïna	ь-aõtxïnau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ōēmiàuōïe	ōēmiàuōïeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
 'e'zèã ōță	unei  'e'zèã ōțe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
pybȳ'i	să pybȳ'esc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
NjăxCшpuii	să NjăxCшpuiim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
иṣēбīS'ie	иṣēбīS'ie	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
æròьxa	æròьxat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
hиizúюăæéi	hиizúюăæéiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
сíōVée	niște сíōVéi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
țшсgеüa	țшсgеüaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ō qwșoæãi	ō qwșoæãisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ibvhç'i	să ibvhç'iți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ȳṣсãqaa	ȳṣсãqaai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
lïōfsi	lïōfsirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ṣáecaçvâne	ṣáecaçvaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
·ēȳ сxxN-i	·ēȳ сxxN-iși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
vóāеgîge	vóāеgîsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
pvSôqs	pvSôqs	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
jímsēi	nu jímsēi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
·сy·mсvêac	·сy·mсvêacul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
jàksiñi	a jàksiñi	V;NFIN;romanian
i y·úa	i y·úează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
jșMbb·hkpsa	jșMbb·hkpși	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
lēqóâō'c	lēqóâō'ci	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
aoñèxеúæóza	aoñèxеúæózam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
çȳьjüîюv mare	niște çȳьjüîюv mări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
jqcñávzêеi	să jqcñávzêеiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
NîVc'ân	NîVc'ânilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
tăьâîæjõa	tăьâîæjõa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
rnū'сúa	rnū'сúați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
æ·Nêzēõn	æ·Nêzēõnilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
çîSqeñă	çîSqeñele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
çaéīït	çaéīïtelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
õM-èñșíæt	õM-èñșíæți	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ôpSæīсa	să ôpSæīсăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
Vсïqüpe	Vсïqüpe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
CïSuxьi	să CïSuxьești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
Cñēбüūīēca	Cñēбüūīēc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ñualcúшlúa	ñualcúшlúași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
CsеdoюSvoSl	CsеdoюSvoSlul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
сșóāna	сșóānează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
swṣVêSōe	swṣVêSōe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
jhõChă	jhõChelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ēàēdütíțèza	ēàēdütíțèzam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
õïțæțdc	õïțæțdcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
sṣaîãîюãi	sṣaîãîюãea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
rсmNüi	rсmNüiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
 êmóvúеtȳi	 êmóvúеtȳeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
Vèīáugi	Vèīáugiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ú·с-ódюa	ú·с-ódюți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
VíNjwōüõs	VíNjwōüõsului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
cíшCawōāzîsc	cíшCawōāzîști	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
ṣvüâеôā·Si	ṣvüâеôā·Sii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
îæairôa	îæairôa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ïrêyèюēбèi	ïrêyèюēбèi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
íșâúdxlaa	să íșâúdxlaăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
zf ãnnãi	nu zf ãnnãiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
CrosMosaña	CrosMosañați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
çtòеdgsēt	çtòеdgsēturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
âбCîvьu	âбCîvьele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
iuшáьeṣçii	iuшáьeṣçiești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
 gaaбí·çă	 gaaбí·çă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
юбænõsc	юбænõștii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
æ·gáшnz·țyi	æ·gáшnz·țyind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
ãbó-еȳoéjbi	ãbó-еȳoéjbit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
ãblеēītsla	să ãblеēītslezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
șñиwōóãfñnă	șñиwōóãfñnă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
rбkhбшõa	rбkhбшõaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
âgēn âdr	âgēn âdre	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
cc'Cue	cc'Cuei	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
euȳïădmri	să euȳïădmriți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
slnõæêpēkhvac	definite articulatinõæêpēkhn	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ãçqюéct	ãçqюéctei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ê āī'a	ê āī'ați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
peúüoеôrg	niște peúüoеôrgi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
шjьõïa	шjьõïați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
âvòșúьșq-a	âvòșúьșq-ai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ēбân·liza	ēбân·iza	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
īȳ rzvzū r	īȳ rzvzū rilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
wîôvzzb·g	wîôvzzb·gele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
Mūēõda	Mūēõdă	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ēñkñá i	ēñkñá esc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
hoăsra	hoăsraseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
юïиeeMïçzha	să юïиeeMïçzhăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
íīíбю-òсçāa	íīíбю-òсçāați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
eyòcNçge	eyòcNçseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
usūóăéôàr	usūóăéôàrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
  fîvvṣóïe	  fîvvṣóïe	N;VOC;SG;romanian
юímеaòi	юímеaòirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
zq· -și	a zq· -și	V;NFIN;romanian
юgȳîMшe	nu юgȳîMшeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
óàMṣăóbe	a óàMṣăóbe	V;NFIN;romanian
 êd șеçeīSi	nu  êd șеçeīSiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
Cбzxьgìūi	Cбzxьgìūiau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ōóēCfn	ōóēCfni	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
úūecnîe	să úūecnîă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
fṣȳfNdai	fṣȳfNdai	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
сcȳсшсzfs	сcȳсшсzfasei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
tôиtyt	niște tôиtyți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
æzṣqsói	æzṣqsóiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
ōи·flсi	nu ōи·flсiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
nhuipívată	niște nhuipívți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
æauшțüge	æauшțüserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
aêdàrVyi	aêdàrVyim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
īsóhqa	să īsóhqez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
wáôēōkoīra	să wáôēōkoīre	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
oșбC-ă	oșбC-e	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
gbbSõçwei	gbbSõçweii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
ā Nсôсwa	ā Nсôсwă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
āíVúfa	āíVúfaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
eòțelSa	să eòțelSați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
umïеóāün	definite ïеóāürticulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
MesVôVós	MesVôVós	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
çàêbhьеgarce	çàêbhьеgrsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
ìâьïьeбōfște	ìâьïьeбōfscusem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
hpkāțààtõl	hpkāțààtõl	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
-·ēwьzúa	-·ēwьzúai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
SīgVêfèstìa	SīgVêfèstìați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
иèefíиă	иèefíиelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
dvüxãēg	dvüxãēgi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
-qôrgââбía	-qôrgââбíează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
сæúlæi	сæúlæirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
méōekNtîñvt	méōekNtîñvt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
· ê-nn	· ê-nnule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ēìиôôьgțr	ēìиôôьgțarei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
țṣ-ūõlde	țṣ-ūõldile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
NüâбMháa	să NüâбMháați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ftdíæiūa	unei ftdíæiūle	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
еă S'i	să еă S'ești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
gMèi-e	să gMèi-ă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
gíüíàaáбca	să gíüíàaáбc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
·ôбîăóеañv	·ôбîăóеañvei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ākïṣnçat	ākïṣnçaților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
lwpăVge	lwpăVseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
cьïz-àa	cьïz-àalelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
се'aj-ōytиa	се'aj-ōytиau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ççáiüónūMța	ççáiüónūMțați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
tăqfqūpбăVă	a tăqfqūpбăVă	V;NFIN;romanian
Sīãyîéæe	nu Sīãyîéæeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
õxīgȳîr	õxīgȳîrule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
eàâăuïeèãja	eàâăuïeèãjaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
oïbàê-gn't	oïbàê-gn'tă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
ñSшàиii	ñSшàиiești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
zêïūbți	zêïūbțisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
'f'CCbróìór	'f'CCbróìórelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
i-bCōdиīȳéa	i-bCōdиīȳéam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
èìьwàare	èìьwàărilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
qçfbeèjgãi	qçfbeèjgãește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
юxïfát	юxïfáte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
țjāuèrvață	unei țjāuèrvți	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
êесSīísæi	êесSīísæim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
yāfuo·z êíe	yāfuo·z êíeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
îānãàtvõzôr	îānãàtvõzôrelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
ȳīkSбòh·a	nu ȳīkSбòh·ați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
pvôéēõiqn	pvôéēõiqnelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
шçīōaóă	шçīōaóele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
иêеȳăgs	иêеȳăgs	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
akȳaküc	akȳaküce	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
ōtjaNūéa	să ōtjaNūéăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ñîōиòrêt	ñîōиòrêtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
sfdzM a	sfdzM au	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ìoюSdūn	ìoюSdūanelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
óóеjсítṣe	óóеjсítṣați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
jzīòāa	jzīòāă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
r·бà'ărçqêc	r·бà'ărçqêc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
óxñjfæiiáōa	óxñjfæiiáōați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
âvūȳmi	nu âvūȳmi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
dбâuuê'ücice	dбâuuê'üci	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
ìhбpcêīCan	ìhбpcêīCene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ãāбéòlūkàNace	ãāбéòlūkàNăcea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
lxhã áṣSi	să lxhã áṣSiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
иbNàlcîgюNu	иbNàlcîgюNă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
 ṣțíòюl	 ṣțíòюlele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ñoüíhàw·h	ñoüíhàw·hi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
aVî-èūaȳn	aVî-èūaȳanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
биCȳ nla	биCȳ nl	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
úndшVN'ma	úndшVN'mă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ṣì-Nn īa	ṣì-Nn īat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
euîêmеa	euîêmеăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
vțkãkfNêj	vțkãkfNêjele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ăêñoāi	a ăêñoāi	V;NFIN;romanian
-Viçõõa	a -Viçõõa	V;NFIN;romanian
òбy ôьçxzțan	òбy ôьçxzțnele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
tìgéшüSes	tìgéшüSease	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
âōсóéíūèãaște	âōсóéíūèãăscuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
ьwñ'ihSa	să ьwñ'ihSăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
ēqætūçælit	ēqætūçælit	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
htígmâîæsde	să htígmâîæsd	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
·úeyiõi	să ·úeyiõiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
S-ōēîyúr	S-ōēîyúrii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
cwīeCe	cwīeCeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
ȳсjwoñi	să ȳсjwoñim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
eïikCihõi	eïikCihõeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
țoсêri	țoсêream	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
èсāăȳvüюîit	èсāăȳvüюîitule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
āçgбühȳCi	āçgбühȳCind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
úiúukñdSn	úiúukñdSanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
c·Szæda	c·Szædă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
ūōñauwoêlă	ūōñauwoêlelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
Nkțyàa	Nkțyàat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
·dMūxēwfvr	·dMūxēwfvr	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
wíjеgūăāa	să wíjеgūăāați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
ūïăzōe	ūïăzōile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ué·áñc	unui ué·áñc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
ïțêȳăñãkсsa	nu ïțêȳăñãkсsați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
xujdîta	xujdîtați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
ārбVvшòms	ārбVvшòmbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
æâæxawfì·ocinativus	æâæxawfì·ōcinātīva	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
lüpüzsa	lüpüzsae	N;DAT;SG;latin
înăîzhâum	înăîzhâa	N;VOC;PL;latin
îæjṣúus	îæjṣúā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ao-țȳ'ão	ao-țȳ'ãābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
mzсãôȳãбefacio	mzсãôȳãбēfēcērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
Sjīсyṣékxus	Sjīсyṣékxō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ullṣfjăãgo	ūlīglṣfjăãnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
üīúçhvãrm	üīúçhvãrm	N;NOM;SG;latin
qшâшqíюéo	qшâшqíюéābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
Sōpcшo	Sōpcшābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
āț·ïhlwáo	āț·ïhlwáar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
cunmb·иóáūfo	cūnmb·иóáūfuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
púьfбobбus	púьfбobбī	N;VOC;PL;latin
ãáVkxmюиюeo	ãáVkxmюиюērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
Nîïâõ'·àonius	Nîïâõ'·àōniī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
èõòîс-ăñóus	èõòîс-ăñóō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
diuôkzko	dīuôkzkissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
buMеzæéão	buMеzæéãerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ïmшиèăiideo	ïmшиèăiīdēbitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
țúkañSus	țúkañSās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
шîjnVиcNor	шîjnVиcNōra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
npáишюlr	npáишюlrō	N;DAT;SG;latin
rēkóеô'âìus	rēkóеô'âìam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ăúSMbnhьVisitor	ăúSMbnhьVīsītōrēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
úêçсãSsâarius	úêçсãSsâāriī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
pîéõiwSis	pîéõiwSe	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
țVōlōșșeâüarius	țVōlōșșeâüāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
'ьñNюus	'ьñNюa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
qūēvūòçábuus	qūēvūòçábuō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
prosьkēuo	prōsьkēuēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
depīōñ-lìēȳwo	dēpīōñ-lìēȳwuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
еñynîwensis	еñynîwēnsēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
çygwюus	çygwюa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deūèends	dēūèendm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
īwdvéhwṣtSus	īwdvéhwṣtSōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
inьōãérьo	īnьōãérьēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
èüæzsāgесuo	èüæzsāgесuābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
Nsșíeáșfиqoro	Nsșíeáșfиqōrābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ȳixtqfиjus	ȳixtqfиjō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
CūuôqNȳs	CūuôqNȳm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
gâç-ьūõMxis	gâç-ьūõMxī	N;DAT;SG;latin
îVaè õșiis	îVaè õșiēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
fN'-ìāv-aro	fN'-ìāv-ārāvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
eñṣșbMator	eñṣșbMātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
fàñūgéo	fàñūgéent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
iебьjwnMouo	iебьjwnMouētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
сN-æmēéìéõo	сN-æmēéìéõābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iniêōóykèîeus	inīêōóykèîeā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
dïìàSūus	dïìàSūa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
úșîîygo	úșîîygārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
côìçèMçf o	côìçèMçf erēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ōājāìípor	ōājāìípōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
deMpîărnшjãôo	dēMpîărnшjãôe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
deîmwzüo	dēîmwzüāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ēūòсvfis	ēūòсvfī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
juycwñlóèïüo	jūycwñlóèïüābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
idoghбāôãēès	idōghбāôãēèm	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
·ãófdo	·ãófdā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
xmèиâdudo	xmèиâdūderēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
puiîdllzшa	pūiîdllzшās	N;ACC;PL;latin
gNãS·o	gNãS·ātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
diiuzīíôNṣCyàïo	dīiūzīíôNṣCyàïem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
ȳ·ìюeiio	ȳ·ìюeiīverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
сSMõиSxțēèo	сSMõиSxțēèāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
ìpìèūV-s	ìpìèūV-m	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
nțūúțüo	nțūúțüōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
moиàóçȳ șy-o	mōtāverīиàóçȳ șy-is	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
üüиmMio	üüиmMīverātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
еwmìyVmééeca	еwmìyVmééēca	N;VOC;SG;latin
içòюæȳio	īçòюæȳīvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
ìòиīâ-ī·шudo	ìòиīâ-ī·шūserās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
tиèwь-ynævo	tиèwь-ynævōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
áòьaCçьaCâinatus	áòьaCçьaCâīnātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ōtьàâbïus	ōtьàâbïī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
puwoxCșus	pūwoxCșī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
Ciîāivñeæis	Ciîāivñeæim	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
pïüpïȳus	pïüpïȳī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
eaíïSéxNm	eaíïSéxNm	N;ACC;SG;latin
prudejld'иõus	prūdējld'иõī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ngoèícuo	ngoèícuās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
òōrwãrшo	òōrwãrшuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
oṣеécâMīȳus	oṣеécâMīȳae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ijбáéô'șțêigo	ījбáéô'șțêīgēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
klh ă'еo	klh ă'еitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ṣNkoсțòo	ṣNkoсțòimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ūьvãèqúlNxero	ūьvãèqúlNxēret	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
infoïhīònmèt ks	īnfōïhīònmèt kbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
vMæVéosior	vMæVéōsiōrēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
cēеюиtVшo	cēеюиtVшerēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
-ūvkldèa	-ūvkldèae	N;GEN;SG;latin
-òçбnшæodo	-òçбnшæōdātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
·Moиxюqo	·Moиxюqāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
Sсànèèdțo	Sсànèèdțēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
eïñеoā oo	ēïñеoā oō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
uvénjormo	uvénjōrmāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
ȳeháius	ȳeháiī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
țNâlôюéțxum	țNâlôюéțxō	N;DAT;SG;latin
òümtNēbjxnalis	òümtNēbjxnālēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
declaiwuãdlàzoyo	dēclāiwuãdlàzoyēris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
æ-ôīūīetum	æ-ôīūīētōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
шüúíăosus	шüúíăōsī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ìmìōüеMеȳbm	ìmìōüеMеȳbm	N;NOM;SG;latin
шk·șīīolativus	шk·șīīōlātīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ṣòêēṣóçxosus	ṣòêēṣóçxōsōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
iìюé-a	iìюé-ae	N;GEN;SG;latin
triиìwț îūo	trīиìwț îūāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
debsiеútgo	dēbsiеútxissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
ïVáCêryrNo	ïVáCêryrNēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
шkṣēêшacîus	шkṣēêшacîārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
kțçaîāabundus	kțçaîāābundum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ájæюбāãüaticus	ájæюбāãüāticō	N;ABL;SG;latin
rnuxăсumo	rnuxăсūmpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
gloеpc сóCaxço	glōеpc сóCaxçāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ilCîio	ilCîient	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
stipaюjïzxòo	stīpāюjïzxòō	N;NOM;SG;latin
ütиîvóéșóamo	ütиîvóéșóāmāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
ræсvbix	ræсvbīx	N;VOC;SG;latin
V'păwus	V'păwō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
deшpēãhigo	dēшpēãhīxerīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
duraȳaññ-tco	dūrāȳaññ-tcōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
ìáuàâюo	ìáuàâюārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
poìãātеus	pōìãātеōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
eôàш·Mqõīьitia	eôàш·Mqõīьītiās	N;ACC;PL;latin
ūā yknseьțo	ūā yknseьțēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ôVæS ha	ôVæS hae	N;NOM;PL;latin
șшfüvo	șшfüvēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
ūzêímgeticus	ūzêímgētica	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
dezüNgìMrorium	dēzüNgìMrōriīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
deãсíVj-ócсseo	dēãсíVj-ócсsērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
êóêhūõo	êóêhūõeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ūSVàN or	ūSVàN ōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
íSțMæóæāVáus	íSțMæóæāVáī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
еàczq'záсemino	еàczq'záсēmināvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
l-óèqbúõ'ñus	l-óèqbúõ'ñārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
vNjешâwodьdo	vNjешâwodьssit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
īōpCāбwãenso	īōpCāбwãēnser	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
æóȳwnòьrìunis	æóȳwnòьrìūnēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
tjțamjâáīiatio	tjțamjâáīiātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
iukênfjșôīm	iūkênfjșôīm	N;NOM;SG;latin
únîæígo	únîæírexerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
ïCeìxșta	ïCeìxștārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
muéç-ògensis	muéç-ògēnsī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
cebìtеlkōìo	cēbìtеlkōìābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
ȳdtìеâcõus	ȳdtìеâcõoribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
suеpâlìuēo	sūеpâlìuēāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ãбóéбáro	ãбóéбásseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
decițCoсáădo	dēcīțCoсáădōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
váăõCñïvūṣistis	váăõCñïvūṣīstēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
deòoj'gîéã·o	dēòoj'gîéã·ēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
oMțбqúnorus	oMțбqúnōra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
veneúóâèиăsêa	venēúóâèиăsêam	N;ACC;SG;latin
 vjюîdææoюurior	 vjюîdææoюūriōrēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ædâсèük'o	ædâсèük'āverīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
ìüjиæăȳãбo	ìüjиæăȳãбābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
épñohror	épñohrōribus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
wì-Vwúеă'éurrio	wì-Vwúеă'éūrrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
proēnсxīēaȳo	prōēnсxīēaȳēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
pebс āóāūúus	pēbс āóāūúī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
iuhȳ·fnūgæo	iūhȳ·fnūgæābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
qætüâSNgqosus	qætüâSNgqōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
āàzàêaюo	āàzàêaюātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
íșgăñus	íșgăña	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ìéãшpáьo	ìéãшpáьimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
Chbeòæăîшosior	Chbeòæăîшōsiōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
paganțîvrftīxus	pāgānțîvrftīxī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
wăīæeçpo	wăīæeçpēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ñfèyàs	ñfèyàm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
üedóīk o	üedóīk āvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
ēpbāzates	ēpbāzātīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ò·læшшãfo	ò·læшшãfāre	V;NFIN;latin
aîôzócinus	aîôzócīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
сdtúeæíus	сdtúeæíārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
сlōșíūô neo	сlōșíūô nērentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
īvòîkezеìo	īvòîkezеìārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
uíVæȳюșеxatio	uíVæȳюșеxātō	N;VOC;SG;latin
prozyêțSVāõo	prōzyêțSVāõēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
cúìьбanus	cúìьбānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
NzScьsõîьis	NzScьsõîьēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
thrauwçú· -ius	thrāuwçú· -ium	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
Vdyxxqms	Vdyxxqmm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
īxók'vüvseo	īxók'vüvsuerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
бgjxjшVo	бgjxjшVāvimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
Sqēháatus	Sqēháātum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ūdmmïpuscumque	ūdmmïpacumque	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
cavíṣéīóñutus	cāvíṣéīóñūtō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
òfțê-ē șNíibo	òfțê-ē șNíībēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
wt·èóñtшs	wt·èóñtшbus	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ūььîăwc'ȳo	ūььîăwc'ȳō	N;NOM;SG;latin
·țwdçñâеacus	·țwdçñâеācī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
luyбêvaбus	lūyбêvaбa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ьNbCóìyiеôis	ьNbCóìyiеôe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
SvSoâīсm	SvSoâīсm	N;NOM;SG;latin
ñî·ãōs	ñî·ãōbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
uæxиēxheso	uæxиēxhesābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
junaòg-néteīx	jūnīcaòg-néteīs	N;GEN;SG;latin
бūhnсgbzhюus	бūhnсgbzhюōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
üvlüêpvétio	üvlüêpvésserītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
MMtqzecundus	MMtqzēcundum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
б ózpco	б ózpcāverimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
ăñțoçus	ăñțoçī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
ăюõ·óèæú·s	ăюõ·óèæú·a	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
Sñáьâòus	Sñáьâòa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
ítêéōñūeo	ítêéōñūeāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
xeõê-eNSóuliaris	xeõê-eNSóūliāre	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
țóvcāиo	țóvcāиēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ьyюpdNàțãm	ьyюpdNàțãm	N;ACC;SG;latin
fīídqegnum	fīídqēgnī	N;GEN;SG;latin
Ss'úèwggdo	Ss'úèwggserim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
vtéòēo	vtéòēāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
loifóбíиVitus	loifóбíиVīte	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
rāVMúáṣus	rāVMúáṣīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ēôrōîиarium	ēôrōîиāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
aSțèmbro	āSțèmbrāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
hxōóìú·o	hxōóìú·ant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
·íèсáюțMīuo	·íèсáюțMīuāvit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ïücxluhd·o	ïücxluhd·erer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
dебúüȳñearius	dебúüȳñeāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
iьNeāìhqīṣâanio	īьNeāìhqīṣâāniāmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
üiîéисȳfMèus	üiîéисȳfMèō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
àCñсpdutrio	àCñсpdūtrīte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
Cyюxñibo	Cyюxñīpserit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ūãmōlèōs	ūãmōlèōa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
nadaиălxwdьus	nādaиălxwdьī	N;NOM;PL;latin
naūóēūṣurus	nāūóēūṣūrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
èшṣ·tюțativus	èшṣ·tюțātivō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ixjxrюíitus	īxjxrюíītīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
tṣиnco	tṣиncāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
õnèõòãēmáиus	õnèõòãēmáиō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
jbēìhus	jbēìhī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ăìaãôéõatus	ăìaãôéõātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
dpīьfa·byctio	dissēnspīьfa·byct	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aenNüōçzmçбs	aēnōrNüōçzmçбm	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
à tçusșo	à tçusșāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
oVêêîno	oVêêîpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
deюbbсбēo	dēюbbсбēeritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
ūVhō·mīca	ūVhō·mīcīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
aàfvēúьțṣoa	aàfvēúьțṣoās	N;ACC;PL;latin
dюnõșfo	dюnõșfōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
tsdüNêúeòиo	tsdüNêúeòиātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
íiȳoи·бēèro	íiȳoи·бēèrāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
xw-aсmuno	xw-aсmūnāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
fōácшdo	fōácшdōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
V-шюбo	V-шюбāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
âìéьMèeo	âìéьMèēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
еbjVMēüȳd a	еbjVMēüȳd a	N;NOM;SG;latin
ūwSjNhxicius	ūwSjNhxīciōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
iõhVsȳesăūào	īõhVsȳesăūàābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
oqCfNюivus	ōqCfNюīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
 tlnïkrõfȳus	 tlnïkrõfȳārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
i·бfiēṣìs	i·бfiēṣìm	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
bañpиñvum	bāñpиñvōrum	N;NOM;PL;latin
lpeșunṣбninus	lpeșunṣбnīnōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
àeôṣ- rюèoro	àeôṣ- rюèōrābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
kõñmăæzCè·utrio	kõñmăæzCè·ūtrīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
nиṣdíwīṣxus	nиṣdíwīṣxō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
ăūïfюetum	ăūïfюētīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
íōoí'áus	íōoí'áōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
catechuxōzifs	catēchūxōzifm	N;ACC;SG;latin
eșvāM-êāzcōus	ēșvāM-êāzcōā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
üīèeszēhúvendo	dīvēnüīèeszēhúminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
çoāqáo	çoāqáit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
zюuuúṣxūorius	zюuuúṣxūōrium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
gvcēāuaūīus	gvcēāuaūīa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
 ṣēàqéïîSo	 ṣēàqéïîSāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
lhgòfMo	lhgòfMātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
éerṣṣo	éerṣṣāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
reé·w'yxāx'o	rēé·w'yxāx'ābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
kqȳôâиæço	kqȳôâиæçārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
 õnrïȳáralis	 õnrïȳárālis	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
üì úȳüæūdòeo	üì úȳüæūdòēbor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
deеñиSôсMūo	dēеñиSôсMūerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
zïиcõãügNus	zïиcõãügNī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ā'ō-áàòhuțrio	ā'ō-áàòhuțseram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
șюēnSéиuïor	șюēnSéиuïōrēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ò-wñāшeсîisitatus	ò-wñāшeсîīsitātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ш'cv'îpñzьa	ш'cv'îpñzьīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ã еljūçetum	ã еljūçētō	N;ABL;SG;latin
șșnsóôi-o	șșnsóôi-āris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
lâțюnvo	lâțюnvābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ṣiănâìōшòсus	ṣiănâìōшòсa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
uȳmæbo	uȳmæbat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
íkælìxêôшo	íkælìxêôшāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
cebuaïïüCs s	cēbuāïïüCs m	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
çîēVrìd'eningo	çîēVrìd'enīnxerātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
ihăvkjdèo	īhăvkjdèat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
Sбpadpìăttio	Sбpadpìătsserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ōèçïeño	ōèçïeñōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
dxqòiiiñr	dxqòiiiñrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
puиúSьdêïus	pūиúSьdêïam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
șăõсàr	șăõсàr	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
seçêècīrèus	sēçêècīrèā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
xõãMgȳenso	xõãMgȳēnsant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
Skcиtæteóo	Skcиtæteóābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
çóȳsȳo	çóȳsȳārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
fzzVzo	fzzVzem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
liSwpwea	līSwpweīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
decla'zdȳpṣo	dēclā'zdȳpṣābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
æuñdvl'sèeis	æuñdvl'sèeem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
õSîìüȳïo	õSîìüȳïminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
íjéiéc·sgeto	íjéiéc·sgētāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ôMьи-qs	ôMьи-qum	N;GEN;PL;latin
vïиôyo	vïиôyāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
rm·êkиo	rm·êkиēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ìüьfòo	ìüьfòātor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
genuāzntбVsæo	genūāzntбVsæāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
volakb·cêuōȳōus	volākb·cêuōȳōae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
fāñSî ēoSas	fāñSî ēoSātibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
óāēсìăãqor	óāēсìăãqus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ïiaīnьodfjio	ïiaīnьodfjeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
Mvшkñis	Mvшkñēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
бseêNбciõña	бseêNбciõña	N;VOC;SG;latin
spiсóluсēaеNir	spīсóluсēaеNirō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
üṣsrzVâ'Cao	üṣsrzVâ'Caēbātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
Sjwșьāéïиo	Sjwșьāéïиārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ôrüñrpzêo	ôrüñrpzêāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
ekсrá-Ndætatio	ēkсrá-Ndætātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
бéṣçьjèhîus	бéṣçьjèhîā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
sasūс'a	sasūс'a	N;NOM;SG;latin
æmvṣlo	æmvṣlārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
nț-ьòõæhēus	nț-ьòõæhēa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
biãìȳ·sosus	bīãìȳ·sōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
dem ãyīṣuюēo	dēm ãyīṣuюēimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
pulõáúūáȳhçqo	pūlõáúūáȳhçqābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
ōbюNìurio	ōbюNìūrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
òqqêzõus	òqqêzõīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
MMtюñVūæбr	MMtюñVūæбrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
vicșgpūatio	vīcșgpūātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ōSàюț·wabilis	ōSàюț·wābilibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
æăàinеo	æăàinеābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
d-î âío	d-î âíit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
átūndNus	átūndNīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
ãjșõvūo	ãjșõvūās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
сqaîîa	сqaîîae	N;DAT;SG;latin
seoóțéсy-inus	sēoóțéсy-īnī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
mifñqōkss	mīfñqōksm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
hьcòîx us	hьcòîx am	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
òá-nbêgVȳensis	òá-nbêgVȳēnsia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
táqkóicarius	táqkóīcāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
rVwȳfúlo	rVwȳfúlō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
ïcSv-kā·ăitus	ïcSv-kā·ăītī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
oînzbēo	oînzbēāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
'oæp îáão	'oæp îáãābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
ȳæóиdēus	ȳæóиdēī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
õêèиînádño	õêèиînádñōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
ezṣṣlío	ēzṣṣlíit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
ñfçâúō'ms	ñfçâúō'ma	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ãMqjCinus	ãMqjCīnīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
raîedãi·șfus	rāîedãi·șfī	N;GEN;SG;latin
șpcvaeæfo	șpcvaeæferītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
éuaCōàçæis	éuaCōàçæe	N;ABL;SG;latin
NCсfqV' ēo	NCсfqV' ēāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
notoбșюbȳlâgxus	nōtōбșюbȳlâgxa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
ьñ'шpūio	ьñ'шpūīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ññìdāâṣutrio	ññìdāâṣūtriēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
fșímba·çêòo	fșímba·çêòāveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
iæбюpoo	īæбюpoārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
la-zCgx·șus	la-zCgx·șa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
vtеōб·'șșus	vtеōб·'șșa	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
traügīüáüсsibo	trāügīüáüсsībitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
mafólMáṣбūo	māfólMáṣбūāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
dxбïãwōîivus	dxбïãwōîīvōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
ă-ô-ȳōìuúatus	ă-ô-ȳōìuúātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ôòîSzum	ôòîSza	N;ACC;PL;latin
сisSțîqòú eo	сisSțîqòú ērēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
tramrãékțigo	trāmrãékțīgerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
иcfшimиôēăorumpo	иcfшimиôēăōrūperint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
i·kьhMjzúеho	ī·kьhMjzúеhābāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
zшabȳșo	zшabȳșārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ìīïwáictio	ìīïwáīctiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
kîшògșivus	kîшògșīvum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ç-ēèюó·peSo	ç-ēèюó·peSātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
olgшauum	olgшauōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
úxóüx-ôēwho	úxóüx-ôēwhābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
vialíбMds	vīalíбMdm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
êjMōlюcешqatrix	êjMōlюcешqātrīcēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
cMxaSM·itio	cMxaSM·ītiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
hóьúṣüMus	hóьúṣüMe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
âòxșhшomidos	âòxșhшomidō	N;ABL;SG;latin
kémîçóxoüuus	kémîçóxoüuārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
depèNCVюivus	dēpèNCVюīvā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
féà por	féà pōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Saî Sztюus	Sāî Sztюīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
flohCâqеdà шus	flōhCâqеdà шa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
îīáôoa	îīáôoīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
veáñóțwàìo	vēáñóțwàìābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ṣNhmíeáacio	ṣNhmíeáīēbant	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
éúilюonalis	éúilюōnāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
velokãêâī ras	vēlōkãêâī rātem	N;ACC;SG;latin
çhsȳzêVzîa	çhsȳzêVzîīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
īñoxC·o	īñoxC·āverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
coṣșq-īêююбúatio	cōṣșq-īêююбúātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
ēáôædus	ēáôædī	N;NOM;PL;latin
Vēесêzòmēãgo	Vēесêzòmēãxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
niiăæènиus	nīiăæènиōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
ьēqsmwnalis	ьēqsmwnālium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
êN-lюeo	êN-lюistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
Meïñpēṣis	Meïñpēṣēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ficaēàseoòìюous	fīcāēàseoòìюoae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
-шьhrMus	-шьhrMa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
еfшædo	еfшædōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
hçxãàêcus	hçxãàêca	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
zMmеìs	zMmеìm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
бvúVluplus	бvúVlūpla	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
'oíêșèuíãis	'oíêșèuíãe	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
Vgôãáăudo	Vgôãáăūdimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
 ò-oMéăешus	 ò-oMéăешā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ôсãèporius	ôсãèpōriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ñmpualòòo	ñmpualòòārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
zíwсdbȳșs usus	zíwсdbȳșs ūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
MmâNpиôãю·us	MmâNpиôãю·īs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
çăMSój-bèюs	çăMSój-bèюbus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
enõìюòlcgãefacio	enõìюòlcgãēfīat	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
doíшòãosus	doíшòãōsārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
Cïăюōòçqсono	Cïăюōòçqсōnābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
bcúikutorius	bcúikūtōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
сüVaāis	сüVaāī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
éṣãòьus	éṣãòьī	N;GEN;SG;latin
ūf·ț-us	ūf·ț-ae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
æVõиVCrwo	æVõиVCrwārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
țīâéèecarius	țīâéèēcāriī	N;NOM;PL;latin
deēíywēus	dēēíywēīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
ærVuoīбîṣyus	ærVuoīбîṣya	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
èīȳșéȳeșjoveho	èīȳșéȳeșjōvexerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
·zôhúo	·zôhúimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ṣMNçюuco	ṣMNçюūcāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
fe'ò·çMxVatus	fe'ò·çMxVātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
āfüãwóilitas	āfüãwóīlitātum	N;GEN;PL;latin
āòbúõ'ṣlеtus	āòbúõ'ṣlеtī	N;VOC;PL;latin
ügyüzfõñé'atorius	ügyüzfõñé'ātōriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
iá rãæjàaudo	iá rãæjàaūserit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;PRF;latin
vi-ú·'íüo	vī-ú·'íüantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
diælævôìsitto	dīælævôìsīsērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
doбīMьôus	doбīMьôō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
шúȳbîNāītsarius	шúȳbîNāītsāriam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ì-õcшúVM·īm	ì-õcшúVM·īm	N;ACC;SG;latin
oțpàgjo	oțpàgjāre	V;NFIN;latin
ô  dtwadico	ô  dtwādīcuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
gsюьúúo	gsюьúúitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
seббìMбzo	sēббìMбzāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
·qqfñiro	·qqfñirā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
ñdjïfúMàôatorius	ñdjïfúMàôātōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
șòìMco	șòìMcāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ãoézìсyvūosus	ãoézìсyvūōsō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
vīámçиêȳr o	vīámçиêȳr ābāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
hkiCiéūēgis	hkiCiéūēgī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
ștpàîèüs	ștpàîèüa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ìēòàyóõmo	ìēòàyóõmitor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
ìnêmfum	ìnêmfō	N;ABL;SG;latin
igmãì'úбdìîeno	īgmãì'úбdìîēnātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
Mu īxicus	Mu īxīce	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
vestiâăõdrюòm	vestīâăõdrюòm	N;NOM;SG;latin
êoьákāeo	êoьákāēbiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
ăūaиúlhhàçuntio	ăūaиúlhhàçūntiābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
kiì'ómōCgo	kiì'ómōCguntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
jzoCсsïōūo	jzoCсsïōūēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
aêqñóhиdàiecerno	aêqñóhиdàiēcernēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ewwūáеzîio	ēwwūáеzîeret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
eeюtNqьm	ēeюtNqьm	N;ACC;SG;latin
üæиāzsus	üæиāzsās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
noCpãūígōSóo	nōCpãūígōSóārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
áéșoiòuvьõo	áéșoiòuvьõēmus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
plçrțīúio	plçrțīúīmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
èvṣ-arçūo	èvṣ-arçūāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ṣïqșõo	ṣïqșõāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
di·NNãmàăo	dī·NNãmàăāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
ешnvzqNōitor	ешnvzqNōītōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
vagașrkiuîsшòvs	vagāșrkiuîsшòvm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ṣCē·āo	ṣCē·āārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
Nvṣõçеdwus	Nvṣõçеdwīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
 èã-сus	 èã-сa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
deClcdNbbwo	dēClcdNbbwī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
çpȳn-æēivido	çpȳn-æēīvīserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
Sīūìàafêo	Sīūìàafêārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
sejēúbăâoūus	sējēúbăâoūīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
desюăvnīúo	dēsюăvnīúerēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
 íô·mum	 íô·ma	N;VOC;PL;latin
talaõиtqsauеúus	tālāõиtqsauеúō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
òzçtèñьóõȳimus	òzçtèñьóõȳīmōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
iō'NîãNáo	iō'NîãNáō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
hcàcmo	hcàcmōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
aêehxș-üçzìatus	āêehxș-üçzìātō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
Mât·do	Mât·dārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ș-iсSjōē'ēa	ș-iсSjōē'ēīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
peсkìVéãaris	pēсkìVéãāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
híáṣxȳo	híáṣxȳētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
îéN 'o	îéN 'em	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
Nсpòp·nsăeca	Nсpòp·nsăēca	N;NOM;SG;latin
șoMfìеorium	șoMfìеōriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
ūaNygașwo	ūaNygașwāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
kàшâVeo	kàшâVētis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ōòzlбNúôa	ōòzlбNúôa	N;ACC;SG;latin
óeшt Sбatior	óeшt Sбātiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
diVfpy·óus	dīVfpy·óa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
îdșlt·s·çqs	îdșlt·s·çqm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
dеïáеójúa	dеïáеójúīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ьgōfæóṣdcotus	ьgōfæóṣdcōta	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
Vynсâtьxo	Vynсâtьxere	V;NFIN;latin
lhhíñțCo	lhhíñțCet	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
i·Vș-s	i·Vș-s	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
seditioilòSṣmus	sēditiōilòSṣmō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
ãāêSçus	ãāêSça	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
oșōãlârpșzis	oșōãlârpșzēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
xeôæpãïêhdus	xeôæpãïêhdī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
aȳSìwlбī-gus	aȳSìwlбī-gī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
-áиoīCсñsus	-áиoīCсñsī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
coeüSõïãCиâàus	cōeüSõïãCиâàīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
eьòȳюr	eьòȳюrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ṣipyvṣaneus	ṣipyvṣāneō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
ìsâīèrēwumpo	ìsâīèrēwūpisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
Vnóoеæăor	Vnóoеæăōre	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
naSezê·æa	nāSezê·æa	N;VOC;SG;latin
êïhêòho	êïhêòherēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
xç yãбNus	xç yãбNī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
jentaVēāSfâīnum	jēntāVēāSfâīnōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
çétñyrōúêvon	çétñyrōúêvōnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
sбóúeôito	sбóúeôītābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
éбē·õkus	éбē·õkae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
graâшmiôиõo	grāâшmiôиõāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ă-üīïywàȳus	ă-üīïywàȳa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
deõăCçȳà·o	dēõăCçȳà·ābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
yēūbçâ·wòшis	yēūbçâ·wòшēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
есеìṣìo	есеìṣìāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
е·еjMțy·xîatissimus	е·еjMțy·xîātissimum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
bfVиúvuhoVibo	bfVиúvuhoVībar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
gюchoxs	gюchoxēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
àpvMnstào	àpvMnstàēbās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
mōCfxéȳèeacio	mōCfxéȳèeēcerat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ūшà îàrus	ūшà îàrī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
āaméбò'rxâum	āaméбò'rxâīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
tk-uьhMhеws	tk-uьhMhеws	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
scoNbòēlîa	scōNbòēlîīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ab'ææçâccarius	āb'ææçâccāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
úrhàéurrio	úrhàéūrriantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
Mzôбxàfțìus	Mzôбxàfțìōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
īiшqìaòus	īiшqìaòīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
proюMиyuшāṣo	prōюMиyuшāṣāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
procȳшivSVìdo	prōcȳшivSVìdāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
Níбjgzainus	Níбjgzaīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
xôôòéxṣățparius	xôôòéxṣățpāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
ūюVuào	ūюVuàārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
Nmlūбtīo	Nmlūбtīābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
еc·'nеus	еc·'nеa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
jàeшâaêôesco	jàeшâaêôēscerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
proòб-ykNiaMro	prōòб-ykNiaMrābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
cpéьṣás	cpéьṣáum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
óobtejêēfàinus	óobtejêēfàīnī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
kîkшțhsis	kîkшțhse	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
úēlw'сьtus	úēlw'сьtā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
mt-mfaro	mt-mfārārer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
deṣõīiúlюpo	dēṣõīiúlюpāre	V;NFIN;latin
āшãб·бàüjagito	āшãб·бàüjāgitārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ôvnaú-èиāo	ôvnaú-èиāārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
vpîgpóïì-wndo	vpîgpóïì-wderīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
ifsțbь·ìȳaris	ifsțbь·ìȳāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
æеțCNéâío	æеțCNéâíāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
icchbo	icchberās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
xVjmúīfo	xVjmúīfābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
hшóbâhêutus	hшóbâhêūtam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
chizuipeCS-us	chīzuipeCS-e	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
êçîbñj ȳo	êçîbñj ȳābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
lurūьшjévo	lūrūьшjévābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iqьzàm'o	īqьzàm'āns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
çyxaCïo	çyxaCïmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
jțúfбāьus	jțúfбāьam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
zbmw-Cunio	zbmw-Cūniāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
léMu -иrюago	léMu -иrюāgāre	V;NFIN;latin
vieṣyюqиMuzus	vīeṣyюqиMuzōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
ььéé бo	ььéé бātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
aìш'ìêqro	aìш'ìêqrāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
uávêóīguo	uávêóīxerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
yíюæryzus	yíюæryzā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
aюCcāæеo	āюCcāæеantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
iṣṣõçñòyo	iṣṣõçñòyunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
diшìvïMшsnāьo	dīшìvïMшsnāьēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
țüïçMīâàêatio	țüïçMīâàêātiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
âæbb·yzéVna	âæbb·yzéVnīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
āãmwwo	āãmwwet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
nefaòu Sȳyhū-s	nefāòu Sȳyhū-m	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
 dñūwo	 dñūwāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
máôñwdfo	máôñwdfābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
NāSgpáóus	NāSgpáóōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
moravșeféêqшas	mōrāvșeféêqшātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
occupaNéóȳāyus	occupāNéóȳāyōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
pronõMьao	prōnõMьaentur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
fNьsóino	fNьsóīnor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
éш'ăèюo	éш'ăèюāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
êú êcīāhSêator	êú êcīāhSêātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
noêpиṣóo	nōêpиṣóāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
eòzgfñáMæúno	ēòzgfñáMæúnēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
ătșNñæMсnido	ătșNñæMсnīdistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
ãgypro	ãgyprāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
·ñjkêmMêen	·ñjkêmMêinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ìōqyãhсhxa	ìōqyãhсhxīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ead qçãqmor	ead qçãqmus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
èṣvvçéer	èṣvvçérum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
opdêztìkum	opdêztìkīs	N;GEN;PL;latin
sìшñàòdeo	sìшñàòsissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
gmбămuus	gmбămuī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
triìȳșюsбòto	trīìȳșюsбòtāre	V;NFIN;latin
ȳjsMæqus	ȳjsMæqae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
·aæ patrix	·aæ pātrīcis	N;GEN;SG;latin
coюoszьo	cōюoszьāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
jaìȳеbóorôeio	jēìȳеbóorôeerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
dônoiçéatus	dônoiçéātī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ag'àìklus	āg'àìklō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
qèlVțMț'us	qèlVțMț'ī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
deбíõáeroro	dēбíõáerōrābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
·'óīpC'ṣdotior	·'óīpC'ṣdōtiōrēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ā ób·o	ā ób·ārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
õõ ôōèēhàs	õõ ôōèēhàm	N;ACC;SG;latin
retroMсaсáMdiбo	retrōMсaсáMdiбēbam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
libaNòómbn	lībāNòómbn	N;ACC;SG;latin
mzçòīry'xus	mzçòīry'xās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
nuèбūçius	nūèбūçiī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
lioSçvSrkīr	līoSçvSrkīra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
êrēlfetus	êrēlfētum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ōãи-ă·иêiarius	ōãи-ă·иêiāriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ìüȳ·ãatus	ìüȳ·ãātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
héîçõxõãóo	héîçõxõãóārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
Caîgpíjetanus	Cāîgpíjētānās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
îõ-qbonfusus	îõ-qbōnfūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
áufõïииo	áufõïииēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
hhsNho	hhsNhēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ínNóīzus	ínNóīzīs	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
бqyfæNṣln	бqyfæNṣln	N;NOM;SG;latin
ȳNMòaçaris	ȳNMòaçāria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
fāzēüîñao	fāzēüîñaārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
bțāôбus	bțāôбī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
arpMoeo	arpMouimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
āиæiàwṣsбōetissimus	āиæiàwṣsбōētissimī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
zòwdtóiòlen	zòwdtóiòlinibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
creC·aūgudo	crēC·aūgūdine	N;ABL;SG;latin
aìțzdlepòo	aìțzdlepòēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
êȳșéēmreo	êȳșéēmrīrēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
ìxшóămțomino	ìxшóămțōmināberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
сNoíwòãбo	сNoíwòãбāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
îóz ьiumo	îóz ьiūmēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
-úúèé-osus	-úúèé-ōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
eádïi'ñréoro	ēádïi'ñréōrābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
aeysūîишçido	aeysūîишçīde	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
óиdògço	óиdògçerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
nonnuæoéīsgfus	nōnnūæoéīsgfe	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
xíūbêvüatio	xíūbêvüātiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
f'бiȳьr	f'бiȳьrō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
leȳaivótçüor	lēȳaivótçüus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ă·īàīàșio	ă·īàīàșītō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
 bìtïS'ìêus	 bìtïS'ìêīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
àõ'ēōVúelo	àõ'ēōVúēlāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ìбSțàúíonius	ìбSțàúíōnium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
zCõbìvōacio	zCõbìvōīs	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ūíxNNaeïlous	ūíxNNaeïloōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
æõtñæáṣia	æõtñæáṣīa	N;VOC;SG;latin
еMòræoso	еMòræosēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
īàm-tõCoSo	īàm-tõCoSābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
ôâиȳyțéo	ôâиȳyțéāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
uбnеbúеиă o	uбnеbúеиă itur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
vczīь·psutrix	vczīь·psūtrīcum	N;GEN;PL;latin
ūòNèniatio	ūòNèniātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
īCṣzьqèьpatio	īCṣzьqèьpātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
pбkñеa·Skjarius	pбkñеa·Skjāriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
èúóшVhdōôèenarius	èúóшVhdōôèēnāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
ōēlṣьшus	ōēlṣьшōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
õqiïíwMNóиosus	õqiïíwMNóиōsīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
añgūõdóâçSo	añgūõdóâçSunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
ïjāMííúo	ïjāMííúābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
Súȳysgyьdo	Súȳysgyьdātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
âīãgìus	âīãgìī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
onьd-ïìeo	onьd-ïìēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
deæâîâșómбatio	dēæâîâșómбātiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
ьrúēwwus	ьrúēwwa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
mpèóēqápmòenseo	mpèóēqápmòēnsēbunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
oünșбõSиrpus	oünșбõSиrpās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
еàábsбibo	еàábsбīpsistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
édīdēo	édīdēāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
Vàañúfnào	Vàañúfnàābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
õăMòșo	õăMòșāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
ejçи coo	ējçи coāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
deudãòòçãao	dēudãòòçãaēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
re çăāSyo	rē çăāSyō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
coxeNpzzèōpo	cōxeNpzzèōpōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
õo'úбòa	õo'úбòārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
coêçtõlēáõjdo	cōêçtõlēáõjdārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ñáиoçēàеideo	ñáиoçēàеīdear	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
lisdVìшvalior	līsdVìшvāliōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
áã'īüá-īnбurgo	áã'īüá-īnбūrgārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
y'ñegșàfus	y'ñegșàfās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
õòbïuсr	õòbïuсrās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
dwmsсnüüdāo	dwmsсnüüdāōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
dsò'zotus	dsò'zōtō	N;DAT;SG;latin
loquaznñȳîgSbs	loquāznñȳîgSbm	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
imabjgādṣăgōosus	imābjgādṣăgōōsa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ritvdvs·сāōîus	rītvdvs·сāōîī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
NaMūïăSõopono	NaMūïăSõōpōnerem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
defсеüèongóuio	dēfсеüèongóuītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
dzóèб efacio	dzóèб ēfaciētis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
Czüqvêo	Czüqvêem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
ógS·èsôâéator	ógS·èsôâéātōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
tlyl-óèõïúo	tlyl-óèõïúāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
deóìèuônS'çūo	dēóìèuônS'çūāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
æсVrün'еáшus	æсVrün'еáшās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ṣõiācüиaáro	ṣõiācüиaárerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
õáçōãNr	õáçōãNrum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
cretahjюиṣcáus	crētāhjюиṣcáae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
бū-mçaòaxus	бū-mçaòaxam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
ììāgеñtêço	ììāgеñtêçuntō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
oâṣüjêñiacio	oâṣüjêñiīēbās	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
róg-tjatus	róg-tjātōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
kMúbêaVço	kMúbêaVçar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
Vеmàèbs	Vеmàèbm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
îêïьlus	îêïьlō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
tòṣéîïVio	tòṣéîïVere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
''ffõæo	''ffõæōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
deеxgȳrio	dēеxgȳriābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
ñxăefum	ñxăefa	N;ACC;PL;latin
depædddo	dēpædddimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ьMtgãqoinus	ьMtgãqoīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
îVyāīèьæș o	îVyāīèьæș āmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
tradtīpиàâs·uro	trādtīpиàâs·ūrārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
úïSvиVüpo	úïSvиVüpāberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
usurawSсеèq-бêāus	ūsūrāwSсеèq-бêāa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
d xēbîīo	d xēbîīārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
pro cìrбеиюatio	prō cìrбеиюātiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
'cșïôȳarus	'cșïôȳārum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
viaNlюtêqVo	vīaNlюtêqVāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
sòléüo	sòléüāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
hь·uêcCo	hь·uêcCāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
ишūüéсю-òxo	ишūüéсю-òxābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
zwMóñuā·So	zwMóñuā·Sāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
'ēqюôбNșbMages	'ēqюôбNșbMāgēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
wàïшgNüo	wàïшgNüātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
vinșàztебbpfatio	vīnșàztебbpfātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
pluSCs·kS·æãus	plūSCs·kS·æãa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
wèuьâræóo	wèuьâræóātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ñqpêьșáSmo	ñqpêьșáSmiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
Nàеæ·xc·èâo	Nàеæ·xc·èâābor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
ühāṣzSēlatus	ühāṣzSēlātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ăyșèoьus	ăyșèoьa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
dgqmьïus	dgqmьïe	N;VOC;SG;latin
iu'ȳ·ákījdo	iū'ȳ·ákījdēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
gpòṣvxēwwyunus	gpòṣvxēwwyūnīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
mSсVóés	mSсVóés	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
èwjâȳēеa	èwjâȳēеīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
deìVăãnюêio	dēìVăãnюêuissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
ncбāVzṣюсa	ncбāVzṣюсae	N;NOM;PL;latin
иsãiéatio	иsãiéātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
еàьVìhсo	еàьVìhсam	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
cшеwhṣȳ'us	cшеwhṣȳ'ī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
qèfăfntCfundo	dēfūqèfăfntCrītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
ușlôсSàínus	ușlôсSàínō	N;ABL;SG;latin
еàg·ì''еo	еàg·ì''еāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
-èè·ôeшmēьibo	-èè·ôeшmēьībāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
îCбNàáinio	îCбNàáīniōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
VyīăjītiōMo	VyīăjītiōMārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
deōnCșüētvcyo	dēōnCșüētvcyem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
îV-ñȳlõūo	îV-ñȳlõūāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
æzqēéăigo	æzqēéăīgāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
cjṣdòеșio	cjṣdòеșuissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
ьéèōNțсo	ьéèōNțсōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
юèūāōèas	юèūāōèātēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
seVîbшôCo	sēVîbшôCāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ăēsbиâicio	ăēsbиâicīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
nèêбàеrșua	nèêбàеrșua	N;VOC;SG;latin
uūtшotāãțs	uūtшotāãțm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
volaсvñêwSșus	volāсvñêwSșā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
zèõțbetra	zèõțbētrārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
æqțjȳso	æqțjȳsātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
pōsjyàçюo	pōsjyàçюant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
ì·vsSéțe-us	ì·vsSéțe-am	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
coșkixсòēio	cōșkixсòēīrēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
бMañ·sшus	бMañ·sшī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
āVñȳqqõîtus	āVñȳqqõîtī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
raNryæàaìàêum	rāNryæàaìàêī	N;GEN;SG;latin
еṣēxíido	еṣēxíīdantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
úăpuеõæóelitas	úăpuеõæóēlitātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
âàâúãs	âàâúãs	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
Nî ò·Sáiàôo	Nî ò·Sáiàôābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
иlìīpôôo	иlìīpôôāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
ī·yõбсеjçdguo	ī·yõбсеjçdxeris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
șxsípсáhoшatus	șxsípсáhoшātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
lu-Cdõü иjôzus	lū-Cdõü иjôzīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
àgȳMàpòatus	àgȳMàpòāta	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
adunaсесmssCo	adūnāсесmssCō	N;NOM;SG;latin
șæêьxéwMus	șæêьxéwMa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
éâебomderus	éâебomdēram	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
debNzado	debNzādāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
Cu Sóxcсo	Cu Sóxcсābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
ìnиêîievus	ìnиêîieva	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
iēMeoóãàāosior	īēMeoóãàāōsiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
cohюVșeèio	cōhюVșeèsit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
deliàdțupṣator	dēlīàdțupṣātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
еkíṣæūfo	еkíṣæūfeterant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aèиüсьbшo	āèиüсьbшābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
yjktïūqbțo	yjktïūqbțābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
ьâdîьțãféo	ьâdîьțãféēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
wúî-Cșïum	wúî-Cșïō	N;DAT;SG;latin
b'çbdñicus	b'çbdñīcō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
ȳjdèîmo	ȳjdèîmāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
Mgggüōбbçnio	Mgggüōбbçnere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
óшaшс·xьiāo	óшaшс·xьiāāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
'avçí'jho	'avçí'jhāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
ūüv'ciquus	ūüv'cīquīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
üzō to	üzō tāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
ȳéábmamсgo	ȳéábmamсxerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
âțïsyīen	âțïsyīina	N;ACC;PL;latin
èбюêwNo	èбюêwNāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
Vdàïbāco	Vdàïbācimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
æ kmūcis·rudineus	æ kmūcis·rūdineā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
probшaáīativus	prōbшaáīātīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
úēwikicio	úēwikeximus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
dúlvеeiubeo	dúlvеēiusseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
coēсq'-ìmNçcto	cōēсq'-ìmNçxuerant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
yсbvo-atio	yсbvo-ātiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
fvâtбьcVidio	fvâtбьcVīdiābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
ēwïveVèw us	ēwïveVèw īs	N;ABL;PL;latin
eṣшȳàæõn·ōo	ēṣшȳàæõn·ōērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
S î'ònéãdo	S î'ònéãdet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
бãamSfwìôçalium	бãamSfwìôçālium	N;VOC;SG;latin
iæîиôæfôàus	īæîиôæfôàō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
amaūclNáudo	amāūclNáūdinī	N;DAT;SG;latin
NwȳlCacio	NwȳlCēcerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
eêīúèéüíbиosus	eêīúèéüíbиōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
labotrSîьézgr	labōtrSîьézgra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
иoMīpūaonia	иoMīpūaōniae	N;DAT;SG;latin
șrwbõíCuéсs	șrwbõíCuéсm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ekaюēîgãimo	ēkaюēîgãīmāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
ïсòō-àōyavus	ïсòō-àōyāvī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
șșSéīj ṣjèechizo	șșSéīj ṣjèēchīzābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
a vājõюqīo	ā vājõюqīō	N;VOC;SG;latin
 fîvéêēNôetudo	 fîvéêēNôētūdinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
īnï·yéVmșjis	īnï·yéVmșjī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
'dzóçüìjț·s	'dzóçüìjț·m	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ȳíNSêțo	ȳíNSêțāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
ceédmhüшator	cēédmhüшātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
Cēèdàr	Cēèdàra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
ïCīgnào	ïCīgnàās	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
еiṣSius	еiṣSiā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
áūáMéшhāoigo	áūáMéшhāoīxit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
āбеSìMшdăa	āбеSìMшdăīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
aiêțowìшôño	āiêțowìшôñēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
êéîиwis	êéîиwī	N;DAT;SG;latin
nutaăātsõus	nūtāăātsõa	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
çqēăāo	çqēăāāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
vaSsjșìMqum	vāSsjșìMqōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
jì'ă us	jì'ă ō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
dïfâūgp o	dïfâūgp ā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
țâ'ìïîúetum	țâ'ìïîúētī	N;GEN;SG;latin
xõôhãăgo	xõôhãăserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
еáṣfюtü·vшalis	еáṣfюtü·vшālēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ițêjffōo	īțêjffōem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
âãlxôtàõçus	âãlxôtàõçō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
oīvüìosior	oīvüìōsiōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
feliwbбaæus	fēlīwbбaæī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ṣgăêCatus	ṣgăêCātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ōnòu'o	ōnòu'at	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
еăjçéSôo	еăjçéSôārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
cSțиìus	cSțиìōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
úcnd·io	úcnd·īret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
ôóhçṣznCōeno	ôóhçṣznCōēnāre	V;NFIN;latin
üìețṣrбășus	üìețṣrбășās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ïêMhyāșensurabilis	ïêMhyāșēnsūrābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
èțiu MMāxso	èțiu MMāxsīverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
iv Nteoéo	iv Nteoéāverant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
gwõhêõīnaōoco	gwõhêõīnaōōcāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ēçácèwț·àzus	ēçácèwț·àzūs	N;VOC;PL;latin
cеSéīēNēyis	cеSéīēNēyēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
latimе·o	latimе·antor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
șèшāьîór	șèшāьîórō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
шNñS'is	шNñS'e	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
múNtVюсo	múNtVюсō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
hòNcțanosus	hòNcțanōsīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
thymiaăìwwèNȳшșerium	thȳmiāăìwwèNȳшșēriīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
jgcæçdevorabilis	jgcæçdevōrābilī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
coюâoèéo	cōюâoèéābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
pudictã ēьés	pudīctã ēьém	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
ìlvóf'úivus	ìlvóf'úīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
VSc-îbjwpo	VSc-îbjwpēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
çgtíSṣeko	çgtíSṣekātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
didraóérețiáïṣna	dīdrāóérețiáïṣnae	N;NOM;PL;latin
hìеvvôomVo	hìеvvôomVāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
k-ōьīьi ha	k-ōьīьi hae	N;VOC;PL;latin
píNьóшūNs	píNьóшūNm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
'ăṣêSzío	'ăṣêSzíāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
сиõóïôoco	сиõóïôōcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
constawtьCõus	cōnstāwtьCõō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ṣìCSgāí o	ṣìCSgāí is	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
tMeâxo	tMeâxuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ṣâCииéo	ṣâCииéant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
semæсîîvnáõo	sēmæсîîvnáõāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
VôæáшîSьṣalis	VôæáшîSьṣāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
annoüæōìеñcwṣus	annōüæōìеñcwṣa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
õ-êâèăьjеudo	õ-êâèăьjеūdiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
èèxaăvțãüōeno	èèxaăvțãüōēnāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
amicaбàmбgCьбMis	amīcāбàmбgCьбMe	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
sgmpбh'eo	sgmpбh'īris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
îбNìdæеtNis	îбNìdæеtNem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
eíиtбõàṣcor	eíиtбõàṣcus	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
zybhcìêmfūo	zybhcìêmfūābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
achьīo	achьīāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ю'īьāȳôsсus	ю'īьāȳôsсō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
oSȳбüçсso	oSȳбüçсsārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ṣāxūóююvo	ṣāxūóююvōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
áadăñêVflonarius	áadăñêVflōnāriō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
îúCVç-éjMo	îúCVç-éjMāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
SsmlqMiюarius	SsmlqMiюārius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
liõbãbēss	līõbãbēsm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
corzVínшс'xatio	cōrzVínшс'xātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
lucubraczàèCиSшțba	lūcubrāczàèCиSшțbīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
ăиüeæqìabundus	ăиüeæqìābundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
dșdâsïo	dșdâsïe	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
alpeăuüCç·bzkțs	alpēăuüCç·bzkțs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
zòCáūSūabilis	zòCáūSūābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
éțoțexMno	éțoțexMnor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
òàiиôñpṣoNo	òàiиôñpṣoNāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
müf'æèNo	müf'æèNātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
exVhMăe-s	exVhMăe-m	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
Nсьиeēus	Nсьиeēō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
bṣrștarius	bṣrștāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
-îwm'iator	-îwm'iātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
cbxzexno	cbxzexnēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
qr·ȳuNlõíáo	qr·ȳuNlõíáārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
i īñéxíсs	ī īñéxíсm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
сòьțçíVêōus	сòьțçíVêōō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
oüçôēçūacio	oüçôēçūēcissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
ēêîNâe-tio	ēêîNâe-tītur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
īсțfabâs	īсțfabâm	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
úе·wpôfïșis	úе·wpôfïșī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
cytüшòyliatus	cytüшòȳliātae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
ălîūbиqnarus	ălîūbиqnārae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
dettīâīxiòōo	dēttīâīxiòōēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
coesquсMMko	cōesquсMMkōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
юnáāȳеē o	юnáāȳеē ēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
wōæâȳōe	wōæâȳōis	N;GEN;SG;latin
ūoеииòpumo	ūoеииòpūmuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
ñīewjūio	ñīewjūīverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
úcéád ūctăus	úcéád ūctăam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
xeūæmyеóoūzyrium	xēūæmyеóoūzȳriī	N;GEN;SG;latin
ñoqōìògwinus	ñoqōìògwīnum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
coïūāюáîīuto	cōïūāюáîīūtārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
yиêēшMninus	yиêēшMnīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
xrôèïNs	xrôèïNs	N;NOM;SG;latin
limbărnlus	līmbărnlōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
sdCūVìo	sdCūVìent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
sChèòaNe-itio	sChèòaNe-ītiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
é uāēânshhus	é uāēânshhā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
liêæãюxjilșo	līêæãюxjilșābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
éærswaíēïuro	éærswaíēïūritis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
ruūēMyânîțzès	rūūēMyânîțzèm	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
déìьx·eator	déìьx·eātor	N;NOM;SG;latin
diiudьêюțēñюo	dīiūdьêюțēñюārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
âьôpâzus	âьôpâzī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
üṣnе'o	üṣnе'āvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
êoVīMscator	êoVīMscātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
yçáôèméeurio	yçáôèméeūriēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
 õS éo	 õS éābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
' еēxo	' еēxābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
flṣïāôMсo	flṣïāôMсābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
ooõéuêo	ooõéuêārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
wdhṣñòеypáo	wdhṣñòеypáāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
úbzïсшmīaāo	úbzïсшmīaāāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
xSwãCativus	xSwãCātīvum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
pìefxxosus	pìefxxōsō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
ïcóclæosus	ïcóclæōsī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
zéãõõlmеàío	zéãõõlmеàíāveris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
ēáfȳtиhьVtus	ēáfȳtиhьVtō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
çqāpúçCãṣivus	çqāpúçCãṣīvum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
ь-юyīinus	ь-юyīīnī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
ï-objúaser	ï-objúasrae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
ăñìNîzozudo	ăñìNîzozūdantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
eêkñrxāôgōico	eêkñrxāôgōīxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
aïkîțiāwīçatus	āïkîțiāwīçātō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
 àVēò'òabentior	 àVēò'òabēntiōrem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
deaâpшyhMaîeo	dēaâpшyhMaîīre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
àìtâfțе-Sæo	àìtâfțе-Sæēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
īnvoñ·ă orius	īnvoñ·ă ōriōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
Nóìvțюçсto	Nóìvțюçсtēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ôdjæбtбator	ôdjæбtбātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
zшV·Cīáôșiro	zшV·Cīáôșīrāvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
nmdóīzôyo	nmdóīzôyāre	V;NFIN;latin
fuóqlà'ū fjyo	fūóqlà'ū fjyārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
mãüãēauzìas	mãüãēauzìās	N;NOM;SG;latin
eòprăòo	eòprăòāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
mæṣqcàhóïo	mæṣqcàhóïunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
ēlãeaCçio	ēlãeaCçīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
'kâkvīpo	'kâkvīpāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
·áçímkwāzbo	·áçímkwāzbāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
coïьī ȳójïvo	cōïьī ȳójïve	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
munêpбào	mūnêpбàāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
 ēьêșzus	 ēьêșzō	N;DAT;SG;latin
diиíṣóìīcôSxo	dīиíṣóìīcôSxābās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
îcébūhṣo	îcébūhṣāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
qáoõvбțorno	qáoõvбțōrnāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
szȳēh-òa	szȳēh-òae	N;NOM;PL;latin
șáüíCes	șáüíCēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
ȳcáсxlīitus	ȳcáсxlīītā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
cuñúxmțraãfatus	cūñúxmțraãfātīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
vCfVêaòîSdanus	vCfVêaòîSdānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
-ьMhyàсm	-ьMhyàсm	N;VOC;SG;latin
deãxïшfìêlhíomo	dēãxïшfìêlhíōmēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
manducar	manducado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
reestrenar	reestrenaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
fragmentar	fragmentaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
descomponer	no descompongáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
fusilar	fusilas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
recontar	recuentas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
abañar	abañasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
llevar	llevaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
liberar	liberarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
patentar	patentabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
franelear	franeleas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
revertir	no reviertas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
imanar	imanamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
desvincular	desvinculara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ejercitar	ejercitases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
autoproclamarse	autoproclamara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
enconchar	enconchados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
acreditar	acreditases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
encarnar	encarnaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
interpelar	interpelad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
zombificar	zombificara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
calificar	calificabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
enternecer	no enternezcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
moler	muelen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
dominar	dominé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
avergonzar	avergonzada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
arrogar	no arrogues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
beatificar	beatificará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
externar	externa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
recapitular	recapitulaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
aturar	aturen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
despersonalizar	no despersonalicéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
esquilar	esquile	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
concesionar	concesionáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
aprisionar	aprisionaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
redoblar	redoblabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
pulsar	pulsamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
comprometer	no comprometan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
guisar	no guises	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
consumir	consumamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
retocar	retocarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
sobrecoger	sobrecogidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
demediar	demediarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
maniatar	maniaten	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
converger	convergidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
estrangular	estrangulaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
situar	situaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
caducar	caduco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
sondar	sondáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
improvisar	improvisare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
recusar	recusa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
resorber	resorbiere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
disfamar	disfamamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
prorrogar	prorrogarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
descarboxilar	descarboxilaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
cercar	cercasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
achicarse	te achicares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
pitar	pitad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
rebobinar	rebobinaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
gorronear	gorroneasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
ascender	ascienda	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
gozar	gozaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
alumbrar	alumbraban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
salpicar	salpicarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
embanderar	embanderáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
adorar	adorasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
renovar	renovada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
bailar	bailará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
emperrar	emperraba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
nublar	nublase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
extremar	extremabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
extraer	extrajera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
vehicular	vehicularía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
centralizar	centralizaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
amontonar	amontone	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
adobar	adobabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
modular	modulare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
gozar	goza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
desbocar	desbocaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
descontextualizar	descontextualicen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
reencantar	reencantáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
atolondrar	atolondraron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
barritar	barrites	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
astringir	astringimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
zurear	zurearais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
decrecer	no decrezcáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
serpentear	serpentearé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
ceñir	ceñida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
ungir	unjan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
cohechar	cohechemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
pasar	pasases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
fumblear	fumbleemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
circunscribir	circunscribiésemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ofrecer	ofrecidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
inteligir	inteligiera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
acariciar	acariciad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
enriquecer	no enriquezca	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
dolerse	me doliera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
chafar	chafaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
amainar	amainaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
reordenar	no reordenemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
explicitar	explicitase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
cerrar	cerráremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
destazar	destazará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
pajearse	te pajearías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
descabellar	descabellara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
alzar	alzara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
engatusar	engatusé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
complejizar	no complejicemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
mitificar	mitificamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
alocar	alocase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
sobrevivir	sobrevivía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
resplandecer	resplandecieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
entramar	entramo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
coronar	corone	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
descontrolarse	nos descontrolamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
atravesar	atravesarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
fijarse	me fijé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
tumultuar	tumultuásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
desacomodar	desacomodase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
colectivizar	colectivizó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
dialogar	dialogaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
acairelar	acairelaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
entubar	entubando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
observar	observaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
intitular	intitulamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
debelar	debeláremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
escayolar	escayolábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
enfadar	no enfadéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
repulsar	repulsase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ejercer	ejercías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
ladrar	ladrase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
ocultarse	te ocultes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
objetar	objetaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
adurir	adurierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
proponer	propondría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
medicalizar	medicalizasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
perquirir	perquiriere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
graznar	no graznéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
enternecer	enterneciera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
denegar	no deneguéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
armar	armarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
desaconsejar	desaconsejes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
machar	no machéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
corretear	correteares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
encantar	encantaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
desparramar	desparramado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
codificar	codificaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
alivianar	alivianaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
amarillear	amarilleáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
diseccionar	diseccione	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
recompensar	recompense	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ensartar	ensartaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
enfadar	enfadara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
escolarizar	escolaricéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
empadronar	empadronaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
concluir	concluyera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
macollar	macollan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
autogestionarse	autogestionara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ventar	venté	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
atrasar	atrasé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
monetizar	monetizaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desalinear	desalineaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
cobrar	cobraseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
nacer	naces	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
desacomodar	desacomoden	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
convergir	convergiríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
autofinanciarse	autofinancíese	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
desgastar	desgaste	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
nombrar	no nombremos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
significar	significábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
deliberar	deliberen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
adaptar	adaptaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
denominar	denominada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
toser	tosemos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
enfrascarse	no te enfrasques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
pasmar	pasmara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
contar	contado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
peticionar	no peticionen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
propinar	propinen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
entubar	entubaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
encabestrar	encabestrarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
empotrar	empotras	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
purgar	purgue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
truncar	trunquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
decodificar	decodificáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
substraer	substrajereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
descarrilar	descarrilaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
enripiar	enripiará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
redoblar	redobláremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
apretujar	apretujases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
usurpar	usurpa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
inmovilizar	inmovilizaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
taconear	taconearían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
prostituir	prostituyéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
driblear	driblee	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
desempacar	desempaca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
osar	osaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
matonear	matoneabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
gloriar	gloriaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
maravillar	maravilléis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
extirpar	no extirpes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
transcurrir	transcurrirías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
mangar	mangado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
ansiar	ansió	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
minimizar	minimizarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
alijarar	alijarara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ablacionar	ablacionemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
resemblar	resemblares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
resembrar	resembráis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
contactar	contactáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
callejear	callejean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
arquear	arqueada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
remitir	remitieras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
corear	corearía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
antedatar	antedataba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
trasquilar	trasquilaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
ventar	ventase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
respectar	respectareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
trasoír	trasoyera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
centralizar	centralizaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
renacer	renaciereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
encarecer	encarezcamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
obscurecer	obscureciereis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
candar	canden	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
totalizar	totalizan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
enlosar	enlose	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
derelinquir	derelinquidos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
contar	contéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
alancear	alanceaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
converger	convergería	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
sustraer	sustrajéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
pixelar	pixeladas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
enojarse	os enojasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
emancipar	emancipaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
atracar	atracase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
gloriar	glorío	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
deletrear	no deletreéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
atontar	atontéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
adentrar	no adentres	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
trastabillar	trastabillemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
encallar	encallarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
injertar	injertaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
biselar	biselásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
ayunar	ayunaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
desplomarse	te desplomaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
marchar	marchabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
evadir	evadan	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
señalar	señalareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
batallar	batallaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
repavimentar	repavimentan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
engolfarse	me engolfaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
enfadar	enfade	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
compadecer	compadeciesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
balacear	balaceabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
oír	oía	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
acidificar	acidificábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
aluzar	aluzaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
asimilar	asimiléis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
inquirir	inquiriéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
declinar	declinase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
hidrogenar	hidrogenas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
estilizar	estilizarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
detestar	detestar	V;NFIN;spanish
domesticar	domesticarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
resondrar	resondrare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
desencabestrar	desencabestrará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
empalagar	empalagada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
arrestar	arrestan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
perseverar	perseveraremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
subsumir	subsumieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
desprestigiar	desprestigia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
motivar	motive	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
lisonjear	lisonjee	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
encabezar	encabezase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
abrillantar	abrillantas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
toquetear	toqueteáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
apalear	apalee	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
pedir	pediré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
empalmarse	empalmen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
correrse	corridos	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
tasar	tasas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
teclear	tecleéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
consonar	consonaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
telefonear	telefonease	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
recalcar	recalquen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
rumbear	rumbease	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
saturar	saturaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
sanar	sanemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
manosear	manoseares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
conferir	confiriéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
enfundar	enfundan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
resemblar	resembles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
esperar	esperaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
azolvar	no azolves	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
coordinar	coordinaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
acortar	acortéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
trasuntar	trasuntada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
abeldar	abeldarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
endomingarse	se endominguen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
rebosar	rebosasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
lastrar	lastré	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
transformar	transformó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
educar	educares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
apegarse	me apegaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
refrescar	refrescaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
guarnecer	guarnecieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
fechar	fecha	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
fibrilar	fibriló	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
pajear	pajean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
desempolvar	desempolvadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
abochornarse	os abochornaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
refrescar	refrescaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
reflexionar	reflexionaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
bracear	braceéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
embetunar	embetunaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
inmovilizar	no inmovilices	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
ornamentar	ornamentad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
agilizar	agilizaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
tentar	tentarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
marear	mareando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
perpetuar	perpetuasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
embaldosar	embaldosaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
reemplazar	reemplazad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
dispararse	me disparo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
repostular	repostulares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
desparasitar	desparasitarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
serruchar	no serruchéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
sorber	sorban	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
haber	haya	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
contemplar	contemplaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
equipar	equipadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
refregar	refregadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
gravar	gravaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
preguntarse	se pregunten	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
aculturar	aculturen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
arrepentirse	me arrepentí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
afeminar	no afeminen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
destemplar	destemplare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desincentivar	desincentivabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
higienizar	higienizó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
descender	descended	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
pujar	pujar	V;NFIN;spanish
calificar	no califique	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
vomitar	no vomites	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
recontar	recontares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
vagar	vago	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
posibilitar	posibilitabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
encuadernar	encuadernaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
dilapidar	dilapidásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
implantarse	te implantabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
recudir	recudiríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
filar	fila	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
alienar	alienaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
acetificar	acetificad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
valuar	valuara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
nitrificar	nitrificaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
dentar	diento	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
arrullar	no arrullemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
autorretratarse	nos autorretratáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pivotear	no pivoteéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
demeritar	demeritareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
ratificar	ratificada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
retocar	retocar	V;NFIN;spanish
muestrear	muestreamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
tararear	no tarareéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
hartar	hartaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
topetar	topetemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
fluctuar	fluctuara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desertizar	desertizamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
vivaquear	vivaqueáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
corrugar	corrugase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
posicionar	posiciones	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
anclar	anclarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
cabriolar	cabriolarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
estipular	estipulado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
acaecer	acaeceríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
fructificar	fructificaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
desempatar	desempatáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
soñar	soñaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
rascar	no rasquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
condecir	condigamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
machacar	machacaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
reinaugurar	reinaugures	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
cucharear	cucharear	V;NFIN;spanish
contrarrestar	contrarrestó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
pasterizar	pasterizaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
diagonalizar	diagonalizaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
marear	mareare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
mancomunar	mancomunad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
impetrar	impetrara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
disertar	disertemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
malgastar	malgastaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
mirar	miren	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
resurgir	resurgiese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
encallecer	encallecíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
ratear	ratearéis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
querellarse	nos querellábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
deambular	deambuláremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
parecerse	se parecerán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
vivificar	vivificadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
preservar	preservara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
normalizar	normalizarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
modelizar	modelizaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
redundar	redundas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
subsistir	subsistiese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
priorizar	priorizaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
ceñir	ceñirías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
salpicar	salpicados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
fraccionar	fraccionaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
profanar	profane	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
redimir	redimiste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
ahorcar	ahorcada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
sanear	saneásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
acantonar	acantonareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
prender	prendan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
capitanear	capitaneamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
esterilizar	esterilizaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
homenajear	homenajear	V;NFIN;spanish
garantizar	garantizasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
naturalizar	naturalizasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
ir	iremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
espirar	espiro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
escupir	escupan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
incentivar	incentivaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
desacomodar	desacomodaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
alojarse	se alojarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
revestir	revistieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
injerir	injeriríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
dolar	doláramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
revocar	revoco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
echar	echaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
medrar	medrare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
guisar	guisaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
recorrer	recorreréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
pandear	pandee	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
ningunear	ningunearen	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
recostar	recostemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
transmutar	transmutamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
resollar	resuelles	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
quietar	quietásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
llavear	llavearían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
tocar	tocaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
enjalbegar	enjalbegad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
fagocitar	fagocitara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
prepintar	prepinté	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
abombar	abombaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
ultracentrifugar	ultracentrifugarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
deshacer	no deshagas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
exceptuar	exceptúan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
afrontar	afrontáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
subrayar	subrayes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
especializar	especializaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
gayar	no gayen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
reglamentar	reglamentaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
desmochar	desmochar	V;NFIN;spanish
machetear	macheteaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
anochecer	anochecimos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
baratar	barataremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
captar	captes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
barritar	barritarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
encaramar	encaramases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
roer	royéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
aherrojar	aherrojáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pasar	pasabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
exprimir	exprimiremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
surcar	surquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
suicidar	suicidaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
esclarecer	esclarezca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
reiniciar	reiniciaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
descorchar	descorchar	V;NFIN;spanish
pescar	pesquen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
invocar	invocáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
relinchar	relinchamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
reseñar	reseñaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
ajar	ajáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
disculparse	me disculpe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
racionar	racionabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
sondar	sondarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
sobrevendir	sobrevendieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
preocupar	preocupare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
enloquecerse	enloqueceos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
asemejar	asemejabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
taquear	taquear	V;NFIN;spanish
verdear	verdeáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
exiliar	exilian	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
refacturar	refacturasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
atrapar	atrapar	V;NFIN;spanish
reivindicar	reivindicásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
subsistir	subsistida	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
crepitar	crepitad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
degenerar	degenerará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
percutir	percutáis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
contagiar	contagió	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
descolocar	descolocaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
resecar	resecareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
salpicar	salpicase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
inhabilitar	inhabilitada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
romanzar	romances	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
abajar	abajaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
funar	fune	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
trovar	trovas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
barnizar	barnizaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
incluir	incluyeseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
acidificar	acidifique	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
restructurar	restructurarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
espachurrar	espachurraréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
permitir	permiten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
almacenar	almacenaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
agravar	agravarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
averiar	averiaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
obrar	obremos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
disponer	dispone	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
chichar	chiche	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
aguapar	aguapase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
predisponer	predispondría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
venenciar	venenciareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
franelear	no franelee	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
echarse	no os echéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
dentar	dentada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
humectar	humectarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
contraindicar	contraindicábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
trompezar	trompezaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
reinstaurar	reinstauraron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
suscitar	suscitados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
casarse	me caso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
victimizar	victimicemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
absorber	no absorbamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
refinanciar	refinanciaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
desayunar	desayunare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
detentar	no detentemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
arrullar	arrullemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
exprimir	exprimirías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
escotar	escotase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
adocenar	adocenásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
purpurar	purpurarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
bajar	bajaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
desanudar	desanuda	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
significar	significásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
creer	creímos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
institucionalizar	institucionalizareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
despenar	despenare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
atusar	atusemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
peregrinar	peregrinéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
menstruar	no menstrúes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
descerrajar	descerrajes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
anudar	anudas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
asombrar	asombremos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
hospedar	hospedaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
evadir	evadían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
deterger	detergieron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
adormecer	adormeciesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
conmover	conmueve	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
cometer	cometía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
sombrear	sombreares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
repetir	repetimos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
entusiasmar	entusiasmáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pactar	pactados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
instruir	no instruyamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
dirigir	dirigir	V;NFIN;spanish
engarruchar	engarrucharía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
anihilar	anihilábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
teorizar	teorizaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
impagar	impagaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
frivolizar	frivolizaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
carenar	no carenemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
rechistar	rechistamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
plantear	planteen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
remplazar	remplace	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
reverberar	reverberare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
agusanar	agusanarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
aceitar	aceitó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
importunar	importunaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
pandear	no pandeéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
barritar	barritaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
reevaluar	no reevalúe	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
acompañar	acompañamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
vaticinar	vaticinaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
intermediar	intermediad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
indemnizar	indemnizaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
abatatar	abatatasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
catalanizar	catalanizaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
fugar	fugas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
fulminar	fulminará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
desfilar	desfilara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
pavonearse	nos pavoneábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
baratar	barataba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
portar	portases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
detentar	detentaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
reentrar	reentren	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
producir	produjera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
vacilar	vacilad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
empuñar	empuñados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
castrar	castre	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
aforar	aforabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
automutilarse	automutilémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
enjambrar	enjambrábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
desguarnecer	desguarnecisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
congratular	congratularías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
relanzar	relanzadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
democratizar	democratizasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
acoger	acogéis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
flexibilizar	flexibilizas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
pertenecer	pertenecías	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
emparedar	no emparedes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
huronear	huronead	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
significar	significaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
designar	designase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
adorar	adorad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
patear	pateare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
trastear	trasteara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
balbucear	balbuceases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
diluviar	no diluvies	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
subvertir	subvierten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
sobar	sobaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
chascar	chascáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
afiliar	afiliara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
coludir	coludiendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
computarizar	computarizásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
regularizar	regularizáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
tutear	tutead	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
taquear	no taqueemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
cubicar	cubicada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
despegar	no despeguen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
expoliar	expoliemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
perjudicar	perjudicáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
concentrar	concentramos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
condicionar	condicionaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
remolcar	remolque	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
inculpar	inculpemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
despegar	no despegues	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
saborear	saboreares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
hermanar	hermane	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
detenerse	se detenía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
atar	atásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
digitar	digitaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
asechar	asechar	V;NFIN;spanish
digitar	digitemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
tachar	tache	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
licuar	licuad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
reorientar	reorientaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desturcar	desturcara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
resecar	resecaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
embuchar	embucharás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
compensar	compensaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
suturar	suturaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
deconstruir	no deconstruyáis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
estreñir	estreñiremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
pergeñar	pergeña	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
implementar	implementas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
acañonear	acañonearéis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
proceder	procediéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
indiciar	indiciaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
sublevar	sublevo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
desenredar	desenredamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
cercar	cercare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
preocuparse	se preocuparán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
emperrar	emperrado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
trasmigrar	trasmigraba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
gruñir	gruñéremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
friccionar	friccionamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
hechizar	hechizaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
referirse	refiriéndose	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
programar	programamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
mopear	mopee	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
apoderarse	se apoderaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
dirimir	dirimid	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
guglear	gugleares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
obtener	obtendrán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
tantear	no tantee	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
saltar	saltares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
despiojar	despiojara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desembolsar	no desembolsen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
rehilar	rehilarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
desapasionar	desapasionases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
fotocopiar	fotocopiaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
inundar	inundada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
irrumpir	no irrumpamos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
escatimar	escatimar	V;NFIN;spanish
reconfortar	reconfortáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
encarcelar	encarceláis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
arramplar	arrampladas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
asustarse	te asustaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
revocar	revocarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
agolparse	nos agolpáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
duplicar	no dupliques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
hundir	hundíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
versear	versead	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
injerirse	se injerían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
transigir	transigiere	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
apresar	apresadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
dislocar	dislocara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
aproximar	aproximaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
resembrar	resembrasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
encintar	encinten	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
arribar	no arriben	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
gesticular	gesticulaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
depreciar	depreciaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
endilgar	no endilguemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
geolocalizar	geolocalizáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
endomingarse	me endomingaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
industrializar	industrializaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
sofisticar	sofisticaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
desligar	desligaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
mallar	mallan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
despertar	despierta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
ulular	ulularía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
corretear	corretearás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
acreditar	acredite	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
distribuir	distribuyese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
deshojar	deshojaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
sanitizar	sanitizas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
manducar	manducaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
espantar	no espantes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
guindar	guindemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
atemorizar	atemorizarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
agilizar	agilicen	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
saturar	saturarán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
desencabestrar	desencabestraseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
perforar	perforadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
lagartear	lagartearemos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
inmunizar	inmunicéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
fiar	fiarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
mentorizar	mentorizaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
crepitar	crepitarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
lijar	lijando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
reenergizar	reenergizaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
encestar	encestamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
resfriar	resfriaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desmovilizar	desmovilizaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
infundir	infundía	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
destronar	destronó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
empinar	empinan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
verbalizar	verbalizáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
lamber	lamban	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
sincretizar	sincretizamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
iluminar	iluminabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
mortificar	mortificaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
transmitir	transmites	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
endulzar	endulzarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
identificar	identificaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
familiarizar	familiarizó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
universalizar	universalizado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
desratizar	desratiza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
corcovear	corcoveéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
amontonar	amontonen	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
echarse	os echaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
desguanguañar	desguanguañe	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
redundar	redundemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
empodrecer	empodreciese	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
apropriar	apropríense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
engallarse	se engallase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
sanitizar	no sanitices	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
espantar	espante	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
despedirse	te despedirás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
oficializar	oficialicemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
bootear	booteada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
pitar	pitasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
abochornarse	me abochornaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
variar	variado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
parodiar	parodiásemos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;spanish
revistar	no revistemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
flexibilizar	flexibiliza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
manutener	manutenga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
fantasear	fantaseáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
portar	portabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
fichar	ficha	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
baremar	no baremes	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
coproducir	coproducirías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
desconvenir	desconviniera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
apetecer	apeteceré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desandar	desandaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
adivinar	adivinaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
frustrar	frustres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
surtir	surtían	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
arrepentir	arrepintamos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
cocinar	cocinemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
privilegiar	privilegiemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
colisionar	colisionáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
alijarar	alijaráis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
cablear	cableareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
enfundar	enfundase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
convocar	no convoquen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
indizar	indizáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
solventar	solventarían	V;COND;3;PL;spanish
recopilar	recopilar	V;NFIN;spanish
abartarse	nos abartáramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
subvenir	subvenidas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
expresar	expresaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
radicar	radique	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
connotar	connotamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
conmemorar	conmemoraréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
alejar	alejarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
gravitar	gravitará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
jotear	no joteéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
carburar	carburó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
corresponder	no corresponda	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
rumorar	no rumoremos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
glasear	glaseaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
empalidecer	empalideciera	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
entusiasmar	entusiasmamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
sentir	sentís	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
adelgazar	adelgace	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
infartarse	os infartarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
retimbrar	retimbraseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
algoparse	nos algoparíamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
sitiar	sitió	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
occidentalizar	no occidentalices	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
marear	mareéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
premorir	premorirán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
pilotar	pilota	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
descocer	descocí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
empastillar	empastillara	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
desembalar	desembalabas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;spanish
citar	no citéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
atirantar	atirantase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
abatatar	abatate	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
traspirar	traspires	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;spanish
jaquir	jaquiendo	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
secuenciar	secuenciaras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
extenuar	extenuaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
incrustar	incrustas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
apartar	aparta	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;spanish
detraer	detraigan	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
apoquinar	apoquiné	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
apestar	apestábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
animar	animaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
tipificar	tipificarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
drenar	drenar	V;NFIN;spanish
enchilar	enchilaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
desmelenar	desmelenaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
encarar	encaramos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
cooperar	cooperados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
inventar	inventaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;spanish
desmadrar	desmadrados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
escavar	no escavéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
calefaccionar	calefaccione	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
guerrear	guerreemos	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;spanish
gatillar	gatillarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
engrupir	engrupamos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
activar	activares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
cuitar	cuitando	V.CVB;PRS;spanish
arramblar	arrambló	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
fidelizar	fidelizaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
diptongar	no diptongue	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
encalabozar	encalabozáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
tropicalizar	tropicalizasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
embaucar	embaucábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
vertebrar	vertebra	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
alzar	alzáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
acribillar	acribillar	V;NFIN;spanish
anihilar	anihilad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
codirigir	codirigiría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
limitar	limitará	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;spanish
habituar	habituaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
aherrumbrar	aherrumbré	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ser	serías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
chiflar	chiflase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
empantanar	empantanaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
enlistar	enlistaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
desmembrar	desmembraremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
inspirar	inspiráramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
leudar	leuden	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;spanish
sacrificar	sacrificado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
escarpar	escarparía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
endosar	endosaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
repoblar	repueble	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;spanish
desahijar	no desahíjen	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
disputar	disputarás	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;spanish
entrevistar	entrevistáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
cocinar	cocinada	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;SG;spanish
malparar	malparan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
lengüetear	lengüetee	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
faltar	faltasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
derrumbar	derrumbase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
retimbrar	retimbraron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
depravar	depravaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
malfuncionar	no malfuncionemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
subseguir	subsiguierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
obnubilar	obnubilas	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;spanish
chisporrotear	chisporroteó	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;spanish
prevaricar	prevaricare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
versificar	versificáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
serigrafiar	serigrafie	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
conmemorar	conmemorábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
repuntar	repuntaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
acalenturarse	acalenturémonos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
flotar	flotáis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;spanish
empecinar	empecinadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
emparedar	emparedan	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
enfrentar	enfrentaren	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
deslegitimar	deslegitimábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
confabularse	se confabula	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
chascar	chascaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
contramandar	contramandabais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
prorrogar	prorrogaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
vender	no vendas	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
decodificar	no decodifiques	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;spanish
entornar	entornares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
melgar	melgábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
cristalizar	cristalizare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
canear	canease	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
avalentar	avalentéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
reelegir	no reelijan	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
prepagar	prepagaríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
acoger	acogisteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
burilar	buriléis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
perquirir	perquirieras	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
reinstaurar	reinstauréis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
yuxtaponer	yuxtapusierais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
chapotear	chapotearen	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
relativizar	relativizares	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
redecir	redijéramos	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
abolir	aboliese	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
desviar	desviaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
subastar	subastaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
rodear	rodeamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
tuitear	tuitearía	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
retrucar	retruqué	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
ventear	venteare	V;SBJV;FUT;1;SG;spanish
sabotear	saboteases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
roncar	roncasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
morigerar	morigerábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
golear	goleé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
proteger	protegeríamos	V;COND;1;PL;spanish
desmotivar	desmotivaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
otear	oteáremos	V;SBJV;FUT;1;PL;spanish
duchar	ducharán	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;spanish
llover	llovieses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
trasladar	trasladarías	V;COND;2;SG;spanish
desaparecer	desaparecen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
soldar	sueldo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;spanish
arrojar	arroje	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;spanish
encapricharse	encapríchense	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;spanish
tiznarse	tiznaos	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
alborozar	alborocéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
desvariar	desvaria	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
hincar	hincara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
obstruir	obstruyeron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
atajar	atajaríais	V;COND;2;PL;spanish
desperezar	desperezamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
acriminar	acriminara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
flambear	flambean	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
aclamar	aclamaba	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;spanish
nutrir	nutriera	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
asaltar	no asalten	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;spanish
dimensionar	dimensionaron	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
titular	titulaba	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;spanish
echar	echaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
emboscar	emboscaría	V;COND;1;SG;spanish
solubilizar	solubilizasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
reciprocar	reciprocase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
eclosionar	eclosionaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
centralizar	centralizasen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
nivelar	nivelemos	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;spanish
parcelar	parcelaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
salvar	salvaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
sufragar	sufragare	V;SBJV;FUT;3;SG;spanish
expatriar	expatriaría	V;COND;3;SG;spanish
navegar	navega	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
revivir	revivieres	V;SBJV;FUT;2;SG;spanish
huevear	huevee	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;spanish
exir	exido	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
jeringar	jeringaremos	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;spanish
alijarar	alijaran	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;spanish
conseguir	consiguiesen	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;spanish
tamborear	tamborearen	V;SBJV;FUT;3;PL;spanish
blasfemar	blasfemases	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;spanish
incoar	incoado	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;SG;spanish
zanganear	zanganeados	V.PTCP;PST;MASC;PL;spanish
formular	formulase	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;spanish
flexibilizar	flexibilizareis	V;SBJV;FUT;2;PL;spanish
abarloar	abarloábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
apellidar	apellidaran	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
succionar	succionéis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;spanish
autoevacuarse	se autoevacúa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;spanish
concesionar	concesionaban	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;spanish
alumbrar	alumbrara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
ensillar	ensillasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
remontar	remontase	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;spanish
atollarse	nos atollamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;spanish
cardar	cardamos	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;spanish
asombrar	asombrar	V;NFIN;spanish
bizquear	bizqueé	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;spanish
repudiar	no repudiemos	V;NEG;IMP;1;PL;spanish
golpetear	golpeteaseis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;spanish
amedrentar	amedrentaste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
dominar	no domine	V;NEG;IMP;3;SG;spanish
destinar	destinábamos	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;spanish
rejuvenecer	rejuvenecíais	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;spanish
resetear	resetearon	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;spanish
ladear	ladeadas	V.PTCP;PST;FEM;PL;spanish
argüendear	argüendeasteis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;spanish
calificar	calificad	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
notar	notarais	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;LGSPEC1;spanish
metastatizar	metastatizara	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;LGSPEC1;spanish
disfamar	disfamaréis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;spanish
recudir	recudid	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;spanish
estornudar	no estornudéis	V;NEG;IMP;2;PL;spanish
andar	anduviste	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;spanish
dialogar	dialogareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
defensar	defensaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
modular	moduléssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
descansar	descansades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
udolar	udolarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
sobrevolar	sobrevolem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
facilitar	facilitaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
atorgar	atorguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
vaporitzar	vaporitza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
lubricar	lubriqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
subratllar	subratllant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
unflar-se	unflàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
tricotar	tricotares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
simular	simulo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
rascar	rascats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
canviar	canviares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
banyar	banyant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
riure	riguéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
simbolitzar	simbolitzades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
uniformar	uniformada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
tractar	tracten	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
estrenar	estrenats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
afirmar	afirmes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
vacil·lar	vacil·laré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
judaïtzar	judaïtzés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
rotar	rotessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
teixir	teixim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
sumar	sumàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
curar	curí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
esmorzar	esmorzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
parèixer	pareixem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
vacil·lar	vacil·laràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
etiquetar	etiqueta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
grapejar	grapejareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
esmentar	esmentí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
habilitar	habilitem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
adonar-se	adonareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
pregar	pregaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
pertànyer	pertanyíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
suplicar	supliquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
desar	desaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
estovar	estovats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
congelar	congelaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
criticar	critico	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
exhibir	exhibim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
tiranitzar	tiranitzaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
alenar	alenar	V;NFIN;catalan
categoritzar	categoritzeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
oposar	oposem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
perpetrar	perpetrarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
calcificar	calcificaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
envoltar	envoltàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
creuar	creuem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
dificultar	dificultaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
raure	raïa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
guanyar	guanyàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
alleugerar	alleugerés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
dirigir	dirigiràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
sexar	sexi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
batejar	batejaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
italianitzar	italianitzaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
desautoritzar	desautoritzaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
tiranitzar	tiranitzaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
colpejar	colpejava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
contraatacar	contraatacava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
estiuejar	estiuejaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
engolir	engolís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
demostrar	demostraria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
tardar	tardava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
promoure	promouria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
enviar	enviades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
enganxar	enganxéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
col·laborar	col·laborés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
instal·lar	instal·lessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
naufragar	naufragueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
mobilitzar	mobilitzessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
embarrancar	embarrancar	V;NFIN;catalan
esquitxar	esquitxarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
unflar-se	unflaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
refondre	refonguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
sacrificar	sacrificàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
recuperar	recuperessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
llençar	llençar	V;NFIN;catalan
privatitzar	privatitzem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
girar	giri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
parir	parí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
llevar	llevava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
citar	citarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
industrialitzar	industrialitzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
concedir	concedeix	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
sobreescalfar	sobreescalfeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
agafar	agafaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
condicionar	condicionaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
enyorar	enyorares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
congelar	congelem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
corprendre	corprengueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
regular	circulin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
coronar	coronar	V;NFIN;catalan
idealitzar	idealitzàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
parlar	parleu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
subjectivar	subjectiva	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
decebre	deceben	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
despatxar	despatxats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
dessalar	dessalaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
armar	armà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
retirar	retiraries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
malvendre	malvengueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
brotar	brotant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
envejar	envejàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
acampar	acampades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
sacsejar	sacsejaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
consolidar	consolidades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
publicar	publicar	V;NFIN;catalan
replicar	repliquem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
pelar	pelaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
hesitar	hesitàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
fracassar	fracassa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
debutar	debuteu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
desobeir	desobeirem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
balançar	balances	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
experimentar	experimentéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
excel·lir	excel·liríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
respirar	respiràvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
feminitzar	feminitzes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
unir-se	uníreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
avorrir	avorrireu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
paralitzar	paralitzaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
rompre	rompéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
fotografiar	fotografieu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
desautoritzar	desautoritzeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
dispersar	dispersà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
legislar	legislà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
corregir	corregeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
posposar	posposeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
utilitzar	utilitzem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
inscriure	inscriguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
ensenyar	ensenyo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
transportar	transportaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
profetitzar	profetitzessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
fusionar	fusionava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
suplir	suplís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
entusiasmar	entusiasmem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
fendre	feníem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
casar	caséssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
pol·linitzar	pol·linitzàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
encunyar	encunyares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
conversar	converso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
pagar	pagueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
doblar	doblares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
encapçalar	encapçalaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
establir	establir	V;NFIN;catalan
remeiar	remeiessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
concórrer	concorri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
succeir	succeïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
créixer	creixéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
escoltar	escoltaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
combinar	combinava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
trobar	trobaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
somriure	somriuríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
escapar	escapava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
espolsar	espolsarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
carregar	carregares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
rellegir	rellegim	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
perillar	perillaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
aïllar	aïllaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
coordinar	coordinàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
vacil·lar	vacil·larà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
desodorar	desodoraven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
caminar	caminin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
governar	governem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
roncar	ronqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
pegar	pegueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
legislar	legislàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
tractar	tractàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
afalagar	afalagàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
excretar	excretaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
miolar	miolaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
reprendre	reprendrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
prevenir	preveníem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
desar	desa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
domtar	domtarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
envair	envair	V;NFIN;catalan
contraatacar	contraatacàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
multiplicar	multipliquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
accelerar	accelerin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
vetllar	vetllessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
desodorar	desodoren	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
fumar	fumaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
fotografiar	fotografiïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
veure	vèiem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
esgarriar	esgarriïn	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
respondre	responguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
posseir	posseir	V;NFIN;catalan
intitular	intitulàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
adaptar	adapteu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
alienar	alienaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
torturar	torturaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
guiar	guia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
jaure	jaurà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
rebre	reberen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
situar	situaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
guerrejar	guerregéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
disminuir	disminuïen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
limitar	limitareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
presentar	presentada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
sortir	sortir	V;NFIN;catalan
masticar	mastiquis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
respondre	respongués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
marcar	marcàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
filtrar	filtra	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
recuperar	recuperéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
dir	digui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
arreglar	arreglaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
marejar	marejaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
passar	passada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
bombejar	bombejo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
marejar	marejaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
gesticular	gesticulava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
succeir	succeint	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
xafardejar	xafardejava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
procrastinar	procrastini	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
alçar	alça	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
dessalar	dessalés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
trenar	trenes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
deixar	deixés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
hipnotitzar	hipnotitzis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
recompondre	recompongui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
esglaiar	esglaiar	V;NFIN;catalan
felicitar	felicitàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
armar	armàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
discutir	discutissin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
renovar	renovàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
ubicar	ubicaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
xopar	xopàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
filtrar	filtrà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
parèixer	paregueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
rejovenir	rejoveniu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
exiliar	exiliaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
acusar	acusaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
empapussar	empapussant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
ajornar	ajornar	V;NFIN;catalan
polaritzar	polaritzareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
casar	caso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
impedir	impedit	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
refutar	refutaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
orinar	orinà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
alegrar	alegraré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
davallar	davallar	V;NFIN;catalan
explicar	explico	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
triar	triaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
estendre	estendre	V;NFIN;catalan
atrevir-se	atrevim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
atrofiar	atrofieu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
escampar	escampava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
embarrancar	embarrancaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
acampar	acampessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
oposar	oposaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
sopar	soparé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
ofendre	ofenia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
ascendir	ascendiria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
secretar	secretà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
vaporitzar	vaporitzessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
restringir	restringí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
emetre	emetin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
relaxar	relaxaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
adquirir	adquirí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
tibar	tibarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
sepultar	sepultava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
intitular	intitulat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
oir	oeixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ionitzar	ionitzaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
aixecar	aixequen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
acordar	acordem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
pagar	pagueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
asseure's	t'assegueres	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
originar	originessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
continuar	continuarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
abominar	abominessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
conjuntar	conjuntares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
evitar	evitàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
incrementar	incrementaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
gratular	gratulàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
conjuntar	conjuntaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
demanar	demanant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
sucar	suqués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
escampar	escamparíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
persuadir	persuadiria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
dragar	dragaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
pessigar	pessiga	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
alletar	alletaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
nadar	nadà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
venir	veníem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
firmar	firmaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
tirar	tirar	V;NFIN;catalan
raure	raurà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
preocupar	preocupar	V;NFIN;catalan
esdevenir	esdevingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
embenar	embenares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
destripar	destripi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
revenir	revenir	V;NFIN;catalan
aixecar	aixequi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
lexicalitzar	lexicalitza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
dispersar	dispersen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
zigzaguejar	zigzaguegin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
desbloquejar	desbloquejo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
enfrontar	enfrontem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
renillar	renillaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
ressortir	ressurt	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
demolir	demoleixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
confiar	confiàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
modular	modularàs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
decebre	decebeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
xiular	xiularíem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
labiovelaritzar	labiovelaritza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
creure	creguéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
pasturar	pasturem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
afavorir	afavorí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
recordar	recordeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
tiranitzar	tiranitzin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
estacar	estacaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
aguar	aguo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
aprendre	après	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
mocar	moquin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
fornir	forneixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
collir	collien	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
calmar	calmin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
dragar	dragàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
refrescar	refrescar	V;NFIN;catalan
capitular	capitulem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
encendre	encenguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
entrevistar	entrevistareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
alliberar	alliberaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
proporcionar	proporcionà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
desplaçar	desplacen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
pretendre	pretès	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
pronunciar	pronunciéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
emmascarar	emmascari	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
heure	havem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
universalitzar	universalitzem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
carregar	carreguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
quantificar	quantificada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
amansir	amansí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
alegrar	alegraven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
fertilitzar	fertilitzarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
afavorir	afavorireu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
solucionar	solucioni	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
aportar	aportaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
edificar	edificaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
batallar	batallant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
desbordar	desbordeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
basar	basada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
roncar	ronqueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
beneir	beneíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
dedicar	dediquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
vexar	vexar	V;NFIN;catalan
posseir	posseïssin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
impulsar	impulsaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
neutralitzar	neutralitzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
cooperar	cooperar	V;NFIN;catalan
espantar	espantés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
lligar	lligant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
sobreescalfar	sobreescalfaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
tatuar	tatués	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
dragar	draguis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
acudir	acudissis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
servir	servires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
dilatar	dilataríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
anglicitzar	anglicitzaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
vedar	vedaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
vocalitzar	vocalitzàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
secretar	secretés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
disseminar	disseminàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
exhalar	exhaleu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
regressar	regressem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
caminar	caminés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
convèncer	convencérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
insistir	insistiríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
vacil·lar	vacil·lés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
presidir	presidíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
pelar	pelaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
pair	paeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
beure	begui	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
sexar	sexada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
discutir	discutís	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
honrar	honrà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
vigilar	vigilaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
deduir	deduint	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
infondre	infonies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
xiuxiuejar	xiuxiuegis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
empitjorar	empitjora	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
deshumanitzar	deshumanitzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
materialitzar	materialitzà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
saludar	saludaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
dissociar	dissociar	V;NFIN;catalan
castrar	castrant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
estar	estant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
narrar	narrades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
obrir	obria	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
assemblar-se	assemblareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
fotogravar	fotogravà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
remuntar	remunteu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
mutar	mutaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
distanciar	distanciaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
netejar	netejarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
caracteritzar	caracteritzarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
admirar	admiràveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
posseir	posseíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
emmagatzemar	emmagatzemis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
arriscar	arriscades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
renillar	renillarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
desautoritzar	desautoritzaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
verificar	verificaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
invitar	invitem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
modelar	modelaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
desmoralitzar	desmoralitzar	V;NFIN;catalan
adonar-se	adonis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
autoritzar	autoritzàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
conservar	conservàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
unir-se	uníeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
retenir	retindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
col·laborar	col·laboraran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
passar-se	passaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
carregar	carrega	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
dubtar	dubtessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
inspirar	inspirem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
lligar	lligui	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
capficar-se	capficaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
graduar	gradués	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
refusar	refusen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
magnetitzar	magnetitzaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
aidar	aides	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
lamentar	lamentaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
visitar	visitis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
perseverar	perseverin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
argüir	argüireu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
botre	boti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
defensar	defensessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
buidar	buidar	V;NFIN;catalan
eixugar	eixuguessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
segellar	segellin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
comprovar	comprovessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ignorar	ignorats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
descosir	descosí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
raure	rauríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
debutar	debutaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
penjar	penges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
esbotifarrar	esbotifarrem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
boicotejar	boicotegeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
reverenciar	reverenciarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
allotjar	allotjarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
provocar	provocaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
mutar	mutares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
deturar	deturessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
corroborar	corroboraries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
colonitzar	colonitzem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
tantalitzar	tantalitzéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
sospitar	sospitaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
reconèixer	reconeixeran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
bombardejar	bombardejaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
especialitzar	especialitzar	V;NFIN;catalan
seleccionar	seleccionarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
destil·lar	destil·len	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
gelar	gelarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
despertar	despertarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
monetitzar	monetitzarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
abdicar	abdiquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
decidir	decidides	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
pair	país	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
aproximar	aproximaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
parlar	parlaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
fixar	fixem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
soldar	soldarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
fredejar	fredejareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
laborar	laboraries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
pair	pair	V;NFIN;catalan
començar	començat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
derrotar	derrotin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
profunditzar	profunditzant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
calcular	calculava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
preguntar-se	preguntaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
manipular	manipulem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
actuar	actues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
inclinar	inclinaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
nominar	nominaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
afavorir	afavoreixi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
corroir	corroïren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
destorbar	destorbat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
aprendre	aprenguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
gaudir	gaudim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
espolsar	espolsàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
comparèixer	comparegueren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
votar	votats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
comportar	comportaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
dissuadir	dissuadim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
cuejar	cueja	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
qüestionar	qüestionin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
perir	perissin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
vomitar	vomitava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
despertar	despertem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
titubar	tituben	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
destituir	destituïu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
buidar	buidares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
proporcionar	proporcionares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
faltar	faltant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
invitar	invitades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
xiular	xiularà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
sorgir	sorgien	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
notar	notàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
humanitzar	humanitzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
extreure	extreguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
potabilitzar	potabilitzareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
debutar	debutareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
gratular	gratular	V;NFIN;catalan
acariciar	acaricies	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
editar	editessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
rebel·lar	rebel·laries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
pasteuritzar	pasteuritzaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
categoritzar	categoritzí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
dibuixar	dibuixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
davallar	davallaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
succeir	succeïu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
complaure	complaurà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
importar	importàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
pescar	pesquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
redactar	redacta	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
vehicular	vehiculava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
descoratjar	descoratjaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
merceritzar	merceritzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
solucionar	solucionaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
interessar	interessaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
mesclar	mesclats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
rompre	rompi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
canviar	canviéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
omplir	omplia	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
centrar	centri	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
poblar	pobli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
brillar	brilléssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
alletar	alletin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
seguir	seguiu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
manumetre	manumetràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
unificar	unifià	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
envair	envairien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
pregar	pregava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
irritar	irritaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
enfocar	enfoqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
transmetre	transmetia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
coagular	coagulada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
rendir	rendeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
verbalitzar	verbalitzada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
merceritzar	merceritzem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
introduir	introduïm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
cansar	canso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
passar	passaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
profunditzar	profunditzaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
motoritzar	motoritzàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
conceptualitzar	conceptualitza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
soldar	soldeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
adormir-se	adormit	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
amenaçar	amenaçaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
destacar	destacaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
transliterar	transliterí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
vincular	vinculis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
departir	departirà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
reemplaçar	reemplací	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
transfondre	transfonguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
cantar	cantaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ensopir	ensopí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
resistir	resistiu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
sostenir	sostingudes	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
internacionalitzar	internacionalitzareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
sagnar	sagnaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
temptar	temptades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
ficar	ficà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
nacionalitzar	nacionalitzí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
mudar	mudar	V;NFIN;catalan
entendre	entenguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
explotar	explotes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
exhumar	exhumi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
segregar	segregaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
tatuar	tatuem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
néixer	naixeria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
salar	salaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
alternar	alternaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
memoritzar	memoritzessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
extrapolar	extrapolarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
sincronitzar	sincronitzem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
gratar	gratares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
tancar	tancava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
deprimir	deprimim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
alçar	alçaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
atrofiar	atrofiéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
posar	poseu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
lloar	lloà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
botre	bot	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ruixar	ruixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
agitar	agitàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
aproximar	aproximes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
esbrinar	esbrinats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
accelerar	accelerin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
acudir	acudeixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
elaborar	elabora	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
produir	produïssis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
comprovar	comprovada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
llençar	llençava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
desaparèixer	desapareixeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
analitzar	analitza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
abrandar	abrandàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
excretar	excretaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
dominar	dominarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
noure	nou	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
pol·linitzar	pol·linitzaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
experimentar	experimenteu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
reconciliar	reconciliares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
esmenar	esmeno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
tremolar	tremola	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
ascendir	ascendiu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
derrotar	derroteu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
sintetitzar	sintetitzà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
atemptar	atemptem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
parèixer	pareguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
atraure	atraguem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
dominar	dominaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
emmagatzemar	emmagatzemaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
boxar	boxa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
botre	botí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
afusellar	afusellem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
llençar	llençaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
terminar	terminem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
avorrir	avorrí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
avantatjar	avantatjàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
congelar	congelaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
immobilitzar	immobilitzaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
occir	occissin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
sorprendre	sorprendríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
satisfer	satisfaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
enganyar	enganyaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
inicialitzar	inicialitzin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
intersectar	intersectis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
entretenir	entretindríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
funcionar	funcionés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
arraulir-se	arraulires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
moldre	molguéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
espaventar	espaventaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
instaurar	instaurar	V;NFIN;catalan
refondre	refondrien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
acostar	acostaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
escollir	escollim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
economitzar	economitzarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
alliberar	allibereu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
salvar	salvo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
ionitzar	ionitza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
nuar	nuessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
esternudar	esternudaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
desobeir	desobeiria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
mitigar	mitigades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
motivar	motivava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
fornir	fornits	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
unir-se	unissis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
exercir	exercíreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
exclamar	exclameu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
aplicar	apliquí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
absorbir	absorbits	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
sostenir	sostindrem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
espaventar	espaventeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
globalitzar	globalitzarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
atreure	atreies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
ocupar-se	ocupes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
verbalitzar	verbalitzeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
indicar	indiqueu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
assimilar	assimilar	V;NFIN;catalan
encapçalar	encapçalaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
oferir	ofereixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
vincular	vincularà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
tronar	tronem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
toldre	toldria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
iniciar	inicia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
inspirar	inspiraràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
reflexionar	reflexionem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
intimidar	intimidares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
sabotejar	sabotejàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
acompanyar	acompanyaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
afegir	afegeixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
comprovar	comprovarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
atacar	ataquen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
merèixer	mereixeré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
gaudir	gaudissis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
aprofitar	aprofitaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
recordar	recordat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
beure	bevent	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
grapejar	grapejarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
adormir	adormida	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
fondre	fon	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
desamortitzar	desamortitzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
codificar	codificaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
trillar	trillàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
anhelar	anhelí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
alletar	alleteu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
ventilar	ventilem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
sofrir	sofriran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
acorralar	acorralareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
distingir	distingiries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
enutjar	enutjaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
oprimir	oprimeixen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
deixar	deixi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
seleccionar	seleccionaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
intimidar	intimidàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
tirar	tireu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
enregistrar	enregistrats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
insultar	insulti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
jaquir	jaqueixo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
dramatitzar	dramatitzaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
intervenir	intervindria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
negar	negueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
heretar	heretin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
acostumar	acostumareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
elaborar	elaborarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
obligar	obliguem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
verificar	verifiquin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
infondre	infoníeu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
boxar	boxar	V;NFIN;catalan
boxar	boxarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
incrementar	incrementareu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
representar	representessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
competir	competeixin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
reforçar	reforcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
atènyer	atenyéreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
indicar	indiqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
afalagar	afalagava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
activar	activaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
formar	formar	V;NFIN;catalan
desodorar	desodoràrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
executar	executaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
neutralitzar	neutralitzeu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
intensificar	intensificades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
naufragar	naufragats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
remenar	remenats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
creuar	creueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
amagar	amagava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
aixecar	aixeco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
resultar	resulteu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
brotar	brotis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
torturar	torturarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
restar	restàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
dutxar-se	dutxo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
sorprendre	sorprenen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
disputar	disputessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
retre	retí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
abominar	abominada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
oprimir	oprimeixes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
rotar	rotaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
aguar	agüessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
consolidar	consolidessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
recompondre	recompondre	V;NFIN;catalan
simbolitzar	simbolitzàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
procrastinar	procrastini	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
combatre	combatria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
mossegar	mossegats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
normalitzar	normalitzaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
impetrar	impetrava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
internacionalitzar	internacionalitzaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
assolir	assoliria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
vacil·lar	vacil·lem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
malvendre	malveneu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
simular	simularà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
sucar	suqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
aturar	aturaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
reverenciar	reverenciar	V;NFIN;catalan
activar	activessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
carbonitzar	carbonitzem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
invitar	invités	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
violar	violarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
rentar	rentéssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
traspassar	traspassa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
expulsar	expulsi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
recomptar	recomptessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
encaixar	encaixàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
aconseguir	aconseguissis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
infondre	infonguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ancorar	ancorarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
graduar	graduàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
escanejar	escanegéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
calcular	calculés	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
foradar	foradessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
criticar	criticava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
assemblar	assemblaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
onejar	onegessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
destil·lar	destil·les	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
concebre	concebut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
jutjar	jutjà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
ballar	ballí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
elaborar	elaborat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
sotmetre	sotmet	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
presidir	presidies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
conservar	conservava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
nomenar	nomenaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
acollir	acollires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
sondejar	sondejar	V;NFIN;catalan
sobreestimar	sobreestimin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
neutralitzar	neutralitzis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
rebaixar	rebaixats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
explicar	explicàreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
soldar	soldi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
destinar	destinar	V;NFIN;catalan
emigrar	emigrava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
invitar	invitaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
afirmar	afirmeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
podar	podaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ionitzar	ionitzaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
ocupar	ocupaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
botre	botin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
proclamar	proclamin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
acampar	acamparen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
precisar	preciseu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
dispersar	dispersés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
escaramussar	escaramussí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
refregar	refreguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
desencadenar	desencadenaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
encreuar	encreuat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
soterrar	soterrarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
comparèixer	compareguis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
desautoritzar	desautoritzeu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
quedar-se	quedada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
contraatacar	contraataquessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
ennuvolar-se	ennuvolí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
suplicar	suplicàveu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;catalan
exhalar	exhalats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
dirimir	dirimiré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
empaquetar	empaqueti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
aturar	aturaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
votar	voteu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
obtenir	obtingut	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
demanar	demanà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
deduir	dedueix	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
forjar	forjaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
lluitar	lluita	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
desodoritzar	desodoritzar	V;NFIN;catalan
vexar	vexi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
rentar	rentades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
amenaçar	amenaçaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
corregir	corregís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
millorar	millorava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
retallar	retallin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
sol·licitar	sol·licitem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
netejar	neteja	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
davallar	davallant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
degradar	degradava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
departir	departeixin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
clamar	clamaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
edificar	edificaren	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
potabilitzar	potabilitzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
penjar	penjat	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
absoldre	absolgué	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
demanar	demanéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
lloar	lloaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
vincular	vinculàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
etiquetar	etiqueteu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
suspendre	suspendrà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
arrapar	arraparíeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
dimitir	dimitires	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
fugir	fugis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
estandarditzar	estandarditzaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
catapultar	catapulteu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
reconciliar	reconcilies	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
recollir	recollireu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
regular	circularen	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;catalan
partir	partida	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
determinar	determina	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
inhumar	inhumaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
perfumar	perfumàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
inflar	inflarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
voler	voldreu	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;catalan
passejar	passeja	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
menysvalorar	menysvalorarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
afeblir	afebliu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
dificultar	dificultàrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
governar	governis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
familiaritzar	familiaritzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
agafar	agafeu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
privar	priveu	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;catalan
construir	construíssiu	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;catalan
honrar	honràreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
dimitir	dimitien	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
rellegir	rellegien	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
decebre	decebuda	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
despatxar	despatxà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
reiterar	reiteraria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
enlluernar	enlluernem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
haver	hauries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
involucrar	involucràrem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
reformar	reformà	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
refrescar	refresqueu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
escanejar	escanegés	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;catalan
convocar	convocaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
afaitar	afaitaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
descoratjar	descoratjaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
balcanitzar	balcanitzares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
universalitzar	universalitzin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
dispersar	dispersa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
onejar	onejaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
jugar	jugaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
clamar	clamem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
crucificar	crucifiqui	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;catalan
odiar	odiarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
viatjar	viatgis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
descentralitzar	descentralitzaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
ronronejar	ronronegessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
pruir	pruís	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;catalan
firmar	firmin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
indignar	indignant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
regar	reguem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
impedir	impedida	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
dirigir	dirigit	V.PTCP;PST;SG;MASC;catalan
continuar	continua	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
miolar	miolaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
dejunar	dejuno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
excitar	excitis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
casar	casessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
difamar	difamares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
patir	pateixis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
coexistir	coexistits	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
remenar	remenaria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
escampar	escamparia	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
telefonar	telefonaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
negar	negues	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
immobilitzar	immobilitzares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
animar	animarem	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;catalan
imitar	imitàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
provocar	provocaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
inscriure	inscriguí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
fotografiar	fotografiem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
saciar	saciï	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
orientalitzar	orientalitzí	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;catalan
influir	influiria	V;COND;3;SG;catalan
dubtar	dubtem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
poder	pots	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;catalan
acompanyar	acompanyis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;catalan
laïcitzar	laïcitzessin	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;catalan
felicitar	felicitaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
eixir	eixiu	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;catalan
llogar	llogaríeu	V;COND;2;PL;catalan
preguntar	preguntaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
necessitar	necessitaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
causar	causares	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;catalan
enfocar	enfocaria	V;COND;1;SG;catalan
facilitar	facilitant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
vorejar	vorejàvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
marxar	marxaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
concentrar	concentràvem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
esdevenir	esdevinguts	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
ridiculitzar	ridiculitzades	V.PTCP;PST;PL;FEM;catalan
mutar	mutessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
tornar	tornéssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
distribuir	distribuïm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;catalan
raure	rau	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
arrodonir	arrodoniré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
dragar	dragava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
abreujar	abreuja	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
buidar	buidi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;catalan
arrissar	arrissa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
crear	crearé	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
intuir	intuíssim	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;catalan
estimar	estimaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
bramar	bramaven	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;catalan
arrodonir	arrodonida	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
reclamar	reclami	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;catalan
arrossegar	arrossega	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
propagar	propaga	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
anunciar	anunciant	V.PTCP;PRS;catalan
formar	formaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
liderar	liderarà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;catalan
simular	simula	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
experimentar	experimentaves	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;catalan
estossegar	estossegueu	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;catalan
deïficar	deïfiquem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;catalan
hibernar	hibernaràs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;catalan
normalitzar	normalitzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
deure	deguin	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;catalan
ocupar-se	ocupessis	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;catalan
fotosintetitzar	fotosintetitzaré	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;catalan
monetitzar	monetitzada	V.PTCP;PST;SG;FEM;catalan
esforçar	esforçava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;catalan
travessar	travessen	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;catalan
concedir	concedíem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:IPFV;catalan
ensorrar	ensorràreu	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;catalan
doctorar	doctorin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
allotjar	allotja	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;catalan
cloure	cloguin	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;catalan
hospitalitzar	hospitalitzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
recuperar	recuperats	V.PTCP;PST;PL;MASC;catalan
rascar	rasca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;catalan
negar	negava	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;catalan
heretar	heretarien	V;COND;3;PL;catalan
aproximar	aproximaran	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;catalan
evocar	evocar	V;NFIN;catalan
verificar	verificaríem	V;COND;1;PL;catalan
expandir	expandí	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;catalan
propiciar	propicio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;catalan
renovar	renovem	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;catalan
sobreviure	sobrevisquérem	V;IND;PST;1;PL:PFV;catalan
subestimar	subestimaries	V;COND;2;SG;catalan
dévaler	dévalent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
plomber	plombez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
requinquer	requinquât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
fureter	furetasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
creindre	cremons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
impulser	impulse	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
biguiner	biguinerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
assumer	assume	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
moraliser	moralisant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
stagner	stagnâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
décroiser	décroise	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
canter	canter	V;NFIN;french
impulser	impulses	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
raffoler	raffoleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
amarsir	amarsira	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
exulter	exulteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
fliquer	fliqueront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
réoccuper	en réoccupant	V.CVB;PRS;french
jointoyer	jointoyait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
infantiliser	infantilisassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
envouter	envoutât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
praesider	praesiderois	V;COND;2;SG;french
accomplir	accomplis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
valoriser	valorisions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
disner	disne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
mélodramatiser	mélodramatisé	V.PTCP;PST;french
repeindre	en repeignant	V.CVB;PRS;french
adoniser	adonisassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
lober	lobaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
retraiter	retraitera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
choquer	choquerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
baptizer	baptizeriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
actualiser	actualisâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
reformer	reformeraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
shampouiner	shampouinerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
médeciner	médecinerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
funder	fundasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
guaaignier	guaaigneriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
léviter	lévitent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
palpiter	palpitiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
deschevaler	deschevaus	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
rempoter	rempotais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
industrialiser	industrialiserons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
défaire	défîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
quêter	quêtera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
regrouper	regroupassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
résider	résida	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
oraliser	oralisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
débotter	débottâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
hystériser	hystérisât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
désenivrer	désenivre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
désappointer	désappointeraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
calciner	calcinais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
caviarder	caviarda	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
métamorphiser	métamorphisez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
fourrer	fourrai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
estiquier	estiquasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
engraver	engravèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
flânocher	flânoche	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ajourer	ajourerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
singulariser	singularises	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
dismuter	dismute	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
affabuler	affabule	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
pochier	pochasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
réaligner	réaligne	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
décomprimer	décomprimassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
mutualiser	mutualisassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
enliser	enlisâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
tranprer	tranprassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
recouper	recouperai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
amordancer	amordance	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
épingler	épingler	V;NFIN;french
afubler	afubla	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
destiner	destina	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
cumancier	cumancissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
renchérir	renchérissions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
esveigler	esveigleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
disjoindre	disjoignissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
despoillier	despoilleroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
pochier	pochoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
pitonner	pitonnais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
diminuer	diminuerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
renvoyer	renverrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
rejouer	rejouasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
divertir	divertirai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
embler	emblas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
compénétrer	compénètre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
deguiser	deguiseriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ateindre	ateignoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
concentrer	concentrassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
toucher	touchais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
espeer	espeeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
se pelotonner	te pelotonnasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
surcuire	surcuirons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
endosser	endosses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
contractualiser	contractualise	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
réfléchir	réfléchissons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
enregistrer	enregistrerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
encliner	enclinerois	V;COND;1;SG;french
poétiser	poétise	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
modérer	modèreriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
chercher	cherchent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
chérir	chérit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
renationaliser	renationalisez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
alerter	alerteraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
encarter	encartent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
surbaisser	surbaisses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
déstabiliser	déstabilise	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
quester	questant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
mincir	mincissant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
toussoter	toussoteriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
ébouer	ébouassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
merveiller	merveille	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
peinturlurer	peinturlurais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
déshydrater	déshydrater	V;NFIN;french
abcéder	abcéder	V;NFIN;french
bobiner	bobinais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
babiller	babillerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
convier	conviais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
robotiser	robotisassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
reconstituer	reconstituerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
cabosser	cabosserai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
sacrifier	sacrifient	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
enrubanner	enrubanne	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
slicer	slices	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
bouéler	bouèle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
transiter	transitassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
accueillir	accueilleraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
saurer	saure	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
désirer	désire	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
organiser	organisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
cylindrer	cylindré	V.PTCP;PST;french
abréagir	abréagirais	V;COND;1;SG;french
centrer	centriez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
subir	subit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
attribuer	attribue	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
carrer	carrerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
purposer	purposez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
apprivoiser	apprivoisèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
præsenter	præsentiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
caviarder	caviardâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
aturner	aturnastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
peigner	peignions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
perler	perlâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
corseter	corsetassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
surutiliser	surutilisas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
cosigner	cosignons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
conjecturer	conjecturé	V.PTCP;PST;french
staliniser	staliniseront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
conférer	conférons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
constituer	constitué	V.PTCP;PST;french
canadianiser	canadianisasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
amarrer	amarrais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
cunfundre	cunfunde	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
étançonner	étançonnai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
indiquer	indiqueriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
pelletiser	pelletisais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
contrecarrer	contrecarra	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
escaufer	escaus	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
haleter	halète	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
bagouler	bagoulassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
abaliéner	abaliènerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
attabler	attabliez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
chevalcer	chevalçant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
vider	vidèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
oeuvrer	oeuvrasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
redrechier	redreches	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
infantiliser	infantilisent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
détraquer	détraquions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
falsifier	falsifiera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
dégoiser	dégoisions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
enfouir	enfouissez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
turluter	turlutèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
défaner	défanerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
prédisposer	prédisposerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
désillusionner	désillusionniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
voiturer	voituriez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
restructurer	restructurerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
foetter	foettes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
emboutir	emboutissais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
encorager	encorajames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
ennuager	ennuage	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
oublier	oublie	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
emmailloter	emmaillote	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
saupoudrer	saupoudré	V.PTCP;PST;french
abcéder	abcédassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
rester	restera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
taillader	tailladèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
créneler	crénele	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
désinsectiser	désinsectisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
encocher	encochez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
exproprier	expropries	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
dilapider	dilapidasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
grignoter	grignote	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
empester	empeste	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
desprisonner	desprisonnent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
réimaginer	réimaginai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
dismuter	dismutons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
remuscler	remuscler	V;NFIN;french
recréditer	recréditez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
tramper	trampes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
réimposer	réimposais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
écranter	écranteront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
javelliser	javellisé	V.PTCP;PST;french
translittérer	translittèrerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
embusquer	embusquassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
gauder	gaudera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
repeler	repeaut	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
sonjer	sonje	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
localiser	localisât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
agatiser	agatiserons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
remonter	remontant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
préchauffer	préchauffe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
faucer	fauça	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
biffer	biffions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
crédibiliser	crédibilisez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
emmaillotter	emmaillottât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
bruisser	bruissèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
affiner	affinait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
affréter	affrétassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
abraser	abrase	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
parapher	paraphas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
assombrir	assombrîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
épauler	épaulez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
extraire	N	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
enbuschier	enbuschent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
melancholier	melancholié	V.PTCP;PST;french
juer	jüeriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
armorier	armorions	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
bouffer	bouffions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
relascher	relaschez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
remuscler	remusclé	V.PTCP;PST;french
endormir	endormissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
papillonner	papillonnent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
allouer	allouons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
gyrer	gyrant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
goinfrer	se goinfre	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
exacerber	exacerbe	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
pardoner	pardonons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
décrédibiliser	décrédibilisait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
houssepillier	houssepillions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
compromettre	compromettraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
saliniser	salinisassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
aduler	adulé	V.PTCP;PST;french
désaxer	désaxât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
meuler	meulant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
boursouffler	boursoufflâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
réioniser	réioniserions	V;COND;1;PL;french
réentonner	réentonnassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
jaunir	jaunirais	V;COND;2;SG;french
prélever	prélèveras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
pivoter	pivotent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
sejorner	sejorneroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
hybrider	hybrideras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
surfer	surferaient	V;COND;3;PL;french
rebuker	rebukons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
baréter	barétez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
forjuger	forjugerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
dériver	dérivas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
encager	encagé	V.PTCP;PST;french
desçandre	desçandent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
surbooker	surbookiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
hydrater	hydratât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
masser	masserais	V;COND;1;SG;french
nébuliser	nébulisons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
prester	prestons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
fayoter	fayoteront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
recumencier	recumençons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
traînasser	traînassions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
atochier	atocha	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
breer	bres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
subsumer	subsument	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
nagier	najoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
succéder	succède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
iriser	irisé	V.PTCP;PST;french
liquéfier	liquéfie	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
alanguir	alanguissais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
boutonner	boutonneras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
cligner	clignez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
farfouiller	farfouille	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
enchausser	enchausserions	V;COND;1;PL;french
prophétiser	prophétiseriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
enpirier	enpiroies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
chercher	chercheras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
gauger	gaugeroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
iolyer	iolyassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
pimprelocher	pimprelocherais	V;COND;2;SG;french
papilloter	papillote	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
enthousiasmer	enthousiasmeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
heiler	heilez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
quêter	quêtons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
sous-estimer	sous-estimeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
contrôler	contrôleront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
démondialiser	démondialise	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
souffleter	souffletassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
brusquer	brusquerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
bitumer	bitume	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
resforcier	resforce	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
bénir	bénis	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
vivoter	vivoterais	V;COND;1;SG;french
plorer	plorez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
aboivrer	aboivres	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
desvoier	desvoioient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
mâchonner	mâchonnais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
priser	prises	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
syllogiser	syllogiser	V;NFIN;french
côteler	côteliez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
déguerpir	déguerpisses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
conjoir	joiiens	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
andurer	andure	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
transir	transis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
proposer	proposerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
mériter	méritasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
desprisoner	desprisonera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
entamer	entamerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
atterrer	atterrèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
roucouler	roucouleront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
missionner	missionnez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
privilégier	privilégierais	V;COND;2;SG;french
amortir	amortis	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
esperer	espera	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
engroissier	engroissasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
sauvegarder	sauvegarderions	V;COND;1;PL;french
renflouer	renflouerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
plucher	pluchâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
situer	situassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
agresser	agressiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
japoniser	japonise	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
décamper	décamperais	V;COND;2;SG;french
enfiler	enfilez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
cercher	cerchons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
flaquer	flaquez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
barder	en bardant	V.CVB;PRS;french
boursouffler	boursoufflaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
estiver	estivent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
riper	riperons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
débarquer	débarque	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
recracher	recrachiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
chalouper	chaloupant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
despoillier	despoillassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
tremper	trempas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
resuner	resunerent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
songier	sonjoie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
queroler	querolassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
générer	générions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
araser	arases	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
tacler	tacle	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
motoriser	motorisent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
tringler	tringleraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
attiger	attigeas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
entreposer	entrepose	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
fiscaliser	fiscalisassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
rabâcher	rabâchaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
brouter	broutiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
crachoter	crachotais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
reconnaître	reconnus	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
assener	assèneriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
éviscérer	éviscérez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
chiffrer	chiffrions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
desafubler	desafubleront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
esmerveillier	esmerveillant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
bénéficier	bénéficiassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
sortir	sortions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
rectifier	rectifiant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
intituler	en intitulant	V.CVB;PRS;french
éplucher	épluchassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
favoriser	favorisaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
empêtrer	empêtrasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
differer	differes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
bobiner	bobinais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
capitonner	en capitonnant	V.CVB;PRS;french
vestir	vestiroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
pissier	pissasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
victimer	victimerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
navaliser	navaliserez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
esmerveillier	esmerveille	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
punir	punissaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
funambuler	funambulerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ciseler	cisèlerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
empresser	empresseraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
gnoquer	gnoquerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
cuisiner	cuisinerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
adestrer	adestrer	V;NFIN;french
domicilier	domicilièrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
medeciner	medecinoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
dracher	draché	V.PTCP;PST;french
désodoriser	désodorisassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
reclasser	reclassant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
encapuchonner	encapuchonnassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
bluter	blutai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
barater	barat	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
raccrocher	raccrochez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
embêter	embêtera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
coïter	coïtassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
haleter	haletant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
disculper	disculper	V;NFIN;french
dépourvoir	dévu	V.PTCP;PST;french
truquer	truquer	V;NFIN;french
ennoblir	ennoblirez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
coisier	coiseroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
violer	violassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
flourir	flourissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
solutionner	solutionne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
connaitre	connaisse	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
antrespargnier	antrespargnasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
troer	troerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
démoustiquer	démoustiquasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
pontifier	pontifiasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
punaiser	punaiserai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
préconiser	préconisassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
bromer	bromiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
saigner	saignait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
injurier	injurierions	V;COND;1;PL;french
mijoter	mijoteront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
mésestimer	mésestimas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
retracer	retraces	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
terreauter	terreauté	V.PTCP;PST;french
préluder	préludent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
driver	drivais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
réaléser	réalèsent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
moucheter	mouchettes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
coudoyer	coudoyez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
focaliser	focalisâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
chalenger	chalenjoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
grillager	grillageai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
souffrir	souffrir	V;NFIN;french
abhorrer	abhorriez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
cintrer	cintraient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
fossiliser	fossilisons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
embêter	embêterons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
bayser	bayserois	V;COND;1;SG;french
gambiller	gambillions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
choper	choperaient	V;COND;3;PL;french
industrialiser	industrialises	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
substantiver	substantivera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
parfaire	parferai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
abcéder	abcède	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
rouiller	rouillerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
déblayer	déblaye	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
enhabiter	enhabiteroient	V;COND;3;PL;french
matérialiser	en matérialisant	V.CVB;PRS;french
fractionner	fractionnassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
capturer	en capturant	V.CVB;PRS;french
lamer	lame	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
breaker	breaké	V.PTCP;PST;french
tresser	tressai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
agatiser	agatisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
diaprer	diaprerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
avancier	avancerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
budgétiser	budgétisez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
entretenir	entretenons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
régresser	régressais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
surconduire	surconduisis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
jargonner	jargonnent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
scalper	scalper	V;NFIN;french
saupoudrer	saupoudre	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ensiler	ensilons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
reconduire	reconduis	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
dialoguer	dialoguais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
embuschier	embuscherai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
carapater	carapaté	V.PTCP;PST;french
meshaignier	meshaignia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
placarder	placarde	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
velouter	veloutât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
estoffer	estofferoient	V;COND;3;PL;french
solenniser	solennisasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
putrifier	putrifiastes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
remontrer	remontré	V.PTCP;PST;french
convenir	convenais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
andoctriner	andoctrinissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
transcrire	transcrive	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
rager	ragèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
chanter	chantons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
authentiquer	authentiques	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
fonder	fonde	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
glacer	glaçâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
enjôler	enjôle	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
entrempescher	s'entrempeschoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
monopoliser	monopoliseras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
incendier	incendiât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
épouvanter	épouvantez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
agenouiller	agenouillera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
flirter	flirtions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
endetter	endetterions	V;COND;1;PL;french
blablater	blablations	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
désenterrer	désenterre	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
démouler	démoules	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
faucer	faucerois	V;COND;2;SG;french
frémir	frémîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
électriser	électriseriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
membrer	membrai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
chouraver	chouraverait	V;COND;3;SG;french
affliger	affligeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
décarburer	décarbure	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
dissocier	dissociassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
ingurgiter	ingurgiterais	V;COND;2;SG;french
exhorter	exhortâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
repeler	repelassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
embucher	embuche	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
assassiner	assassinerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
minimiser	minimisons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
revisiter	revisitiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
décalcifier	décalcifiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
draper	drapait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
envoier	envoie	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
asséner	assènes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
prédire	prédissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
agenouiller	agenouille	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
nettoier	nettoiiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
remounter	remounteroies	V;COND;2;SG;french
cauteriser	cauterisoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
quasser	quasseroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
dessouder	dessoude	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
jasper	jaspasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
épouiller	épouille	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
réabsorber	réabsorbe	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
surpayer	surpayâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
officialiser	officialisa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
disqualifier	disqualifiasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
couiner	couina	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
atempter	atempterois	V;COND;1;SG;french
bousiller	bousillais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
esloigner	esloigniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
participer	participeras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
pendiller	pendille	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ravaler	ravalais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
défruiter	défruitais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
repeupler	repeuplé	V.PTCP;PST;french
atomiser	atomisons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
désinfecter	désinfectez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
procrastiner	procrastinait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
eschalfer	eschalf	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
cheminer	cheminassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
mariner	marinai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
barrer	barrons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
resigner	resigné	V.PTCP;PST;french
pourporter	pourportoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
teinter	teinte	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
avancer	avançons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
sodomiser	sodomisera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
marger	marges	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
dépendre	dépendais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
éventer	éventassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
apurer	apurer	V;NFIN;french
coniecturer	coniecture	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
dépendre	dépendisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
défocaliser	défocaliseras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
essaucier	essaucier	V;NFIN;french
receler	recelions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
graisser	graisserons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
fignoler	fignoles	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
rainurer	rainure	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
décroitre	décroissait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
larder	larde	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
orthonormaliser	orthonormalisâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
ménager	ménageas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
tarabistouiller	tarabistouillerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
polychromer	polychromeraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
manecier	maneciiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
dialyser	dialyserais	V;COND;1;SG;french
traire	trayait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
consteller	constellâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
fauser	fausoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
décéder	décède	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
irradier	irradions	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
décaler	décale	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
coupler	couplerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
renverser	renverseriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
condicionner	condicionniiens	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
accomplir	accomplissait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
précipiter	précipitions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
reconduire	reconduisais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
tricoter	tricoteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
mailer	mailassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
suffoquer	suffoque	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
démanger	démanger	V;NFIN;french
contrecarrer	contrecarre	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
ravir	ravisses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
envoiier	envoiié	V.PTCP;PST;french
reconforter	reconfortez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
réenchérir	réenchérirons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
rééquilibrer	rééquilibrasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
beneir	beneïssons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
désamianter	désamiantèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
stupéfier	stupéfiât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
habituer	habitue	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
aviner	avineriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
savonner	savonnerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
dépuceler	dépucèle	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
engoler	engolissoiz	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
putrefier	en putrefiant	V.CVB;PRS;french
subvenir	subvenir	V;NFIN;french
recroiser	recroiserais	V;COND;2;SG;french
metre	meṣisse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
déprogrammer	déprogrammer	V;NFIN;french
permettre	permettait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
esguiser	esguiserez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
violenter	violenteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
bolcheviser	bolchevisais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
emprendre	emprenez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
retenir	retiendra	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
googler	googlassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
méditer	méditiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
hebergier	hebergions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
défaire	défaisaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
troubler	troublions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
éprendre	éprendrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
fracturer	fracturât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
caler	calaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
déplacer	déplaçais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
dépenser	dépenses	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
désulfurer	désulfurera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
atraire	atraisissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
défriper	défriper	V;NFIN;french
nourrir	nourriraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
formater	formatassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
darder	dardent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
chiquer	chiquâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
gainer	gainions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
appliquer	appliquiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
conmenchier	conmenchier	V;NFIN;french
entrouvrir	entrouvert	V.PTCP;PST;french
projeter	projetteraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
écarquiller	écarquille	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
rapeler	en rapelant	V.CVB;PRS;french
indiquer	indiquerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
énucléer	énucléas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
prohiber	prohiberait	V;COND;3;SG;french
déroger	déroge	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
déchiffrer	déchiffrions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
postuler	postulais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
chinoiser	chinoisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
brosder	brosdez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
desarmer	desarment	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
décliver	déclivassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
enrouler	enrouleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
dégueuler	dégueula	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
réclamer	réclames	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
boivre	bevriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
écorner	écornai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
partir	partîtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
jacqueter	jacquetent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
montrer	montrâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
carder	cardât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
annuler	annuliez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
dynamiter	dynamiteras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
minuter	minuterai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
creindre	creinsist	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
chatoyer	chatoie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
abaubir	abaubisse	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
dementer	dementames	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
escrier	escrierez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
lanciner	lancinais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
troncher	troncherez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
deçoivre	decevons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
mordiller	mordillions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
croustiller	croustillent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
advouer	advouerois	V;COND;1;SG;french
antredoner	antredonasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
distancer	distancerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
sexer	sexez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
menasser	menassast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
menstruer	menstruons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
titrer	titre	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
aquitter	aquitta	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
bataillier	batailloie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
bénir	bénissiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
gueuler	gueulasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
zéolitiser	zéolitisaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
céder	cédiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
débecter	débectassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
réalimenter	réalimenta	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
fructefier	fructefioie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
asaillir	asaudront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
brutaliser	brutalisasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
piétonner	piétonnera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
agenoiller	m'agenoilleroie	V;COND;1;SG;french
ocrer	ocrèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
lambiner	lambinerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
rétrécir	rétrécissiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
chalongier	chalongeroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
transmuer	transmue	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
conlauder	conlaudent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
appareiller	appareillaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
surtraiter	surtraitassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
carburer	carburiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
fulminer	fulminez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
voter	votez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
adiouster	adiousteroit	V;COND;3;SG;french
avitailler	avitaillais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
gérer	gèrera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
assiéger	assiégions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
tonifier	tonifiâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
affriquer	affriquait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
gripper	grippé	V.PTCP;PST;french
proceder	procede	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
biner	bina	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
implorer	imploreras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
décharger	déchargé	V.PTCP;PST;french
cocufier	cocufiâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
souner	souneriiens	V;COND;1;PL;french
concilier	concilierait	V;COND;3;SG;french
baragouiner	baragouiné	V.PTCP;PST;french
forgier	forgent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
polyploïdiser	polyploïdise	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
aisier	aisoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
frauder	fraude	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
recommander	recommande	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
armoier	armoier	V;NFIN;french
esgarer	esgarast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
tringler	tringlera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
boutonner	boutonnerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
ralentir	ralentirent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
bidonner	bidonniez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
renflouer	renfloua	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
destemprer	destemprons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
treire	treiiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
décélérer	décélère	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
imminer	immine	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
inventorier	inventoriassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
peser	pèserais	V;COND;2;SG;french
returner	returné	V.PTCP;PST;french
ébarber	ébarbé	V.PTCP;PST;french
detranprer	detranpres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
incrémenter	incrémenterai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
précipiter	précipitasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
insignifier	insignifierez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
monochromatiser	monochromatiserions	V;COND;1;PL;french
sympathiser	sympathisais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
réprouver	réprouvasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
libéraliser	libéralisent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
superposer	superposiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
cramer	cramer	V;NFIN;french
radioscopier	radioscopiait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
trusquiner	trusquinera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
décalaminer	décalamine	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
fariner	farinât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
contribuer	contribuant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
éteindre	éteigne	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
saccager	saccagerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
suer	suant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
bisquer	bisques	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
veillier	veilleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
effriter	effrite	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
raser	rasât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
harmoniser	en harmonisant	V.CVB;PRS;french
miner	mine	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
ébouler	en éboulant	V.CVB;PRS;french
mathématiser	mathématisât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
cibler	cible	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
parbouillir	parbouli	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
exhausser	exhausses	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
décapsuler	décapsulerions	V;COND;1;PL;french
éplucher	épluchassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
desrouter	desroutons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
conscientiser	conscientisas	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;french
pikier	pikeroiz	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
abolir	abolit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
eidier	eiuz	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
gourmander	gourmande	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
exténuer	exténuer	V;NFIN;french
garrocher	garrochera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
déboiter	déboitais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
plucher	pluchassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
vernir	vernira	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
dévouer	dévouèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
esprover	espruissent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
cogérer	cogérer	V;NFIN;french
veeir	veïstes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
divulguer	divulguiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
asseurer	asseurerent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
estouffer	estouffé	V.PTCP;PST;french
embarrasser	embarrassions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
descunseillier	descunseilliez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
interpeller	interpelle	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
grandir	grandissais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
expatrier	expatriâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
réhausser	réhaussais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
entreprendre	entreprît	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
bretonner	bretonne	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
guaaignier	guaaignerons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
suçoter	suçotera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
neigeoter	en neigeotant	V.CVB;PRS;french
resplendir	resplendi	V.PTCP;PST;french
user	useraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
maîtriser	maîtrise	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
édenter	édenterait	V;COND;3;SG;french
gêner	gêna	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
tuméfier	tuméfiâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
arroier	arroiois	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
règlementer	règlementant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
paincter	painctai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
défavoriser	défavorisent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
jeuner	jeunez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
centupler	centuplerais	V;COND;1;SG;french
asseoir	assoiriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
laminer	laminez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
fourguer	fourgueriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
antidater	antidations	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
acétifier	acétifierons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
affuter	affute	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;french
éteindre	éteignez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
revouloir	revoudrez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
lover	lovèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
étayer	étaye	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
encoder	encodassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
surplomber	surplombai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
indaguer	indague	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
saluer	salueraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
bichonner	bichonnerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
forcener	forcenâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
saucissonner	saucissonniez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
siffloter	sifflotions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
descreistre	descreissant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
recoiffer	en recoiffant	V.CVB;PRS;french
bioconcentrer	bioconcentreraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
relancer	relançâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
retrousser	retroussaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
activer	activé	V.PTCP;PST;french
fagoter	fagoterai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
régénérer	régénèreront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
knockouter	knockoutez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
décomprimer	décomprimez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
saintefier	saintefioie	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
déclamer	déclame	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
affamer	affame	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
détromper	détromperais	V;COND;1;SG;french
affaler	affalaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
dessevrer	dessevrons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
dépêtrer	dépêtrent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
trémousser	trémousserait	V;COND;3;SG;french
creancer	creançasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
homicider	homicidassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
échapper	échappe	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
compénétrer	compénètres	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
enginer	engins	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
briller	brillant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
crucifier	crucifiera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
acculer	accules	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
rudoyer	rudoierions	V;COND;1;PL;french
javelliser	javellisais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
vautrer	vautrerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
renoter	renotât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
logier	logeassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
sponsoriser	sponsorise	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
scalper	scalpa	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
liguer	se ligueront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
plaire	plaisais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
fariner	farinions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
hoster	hostoit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
disner	disnasmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
sonner	sonnions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
givrer	givrez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
reiecter	reiectassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
multiplier	multipliions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
sambler	samblez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
élire	élusse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
fleurdelyser	fleurdelysions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
afoler	afolissons	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
énoncer	énonçons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
populariser	popularisait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
biseauter	biseautent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
jouser	jousèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
vangier	vangiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
tempêter	tempêtâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
tuber	tubassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
motiver	motivaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
morphologiser	morphologisons	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;french
déstabiliser	déstabiliseront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
amurer	amurât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
paistre	paissoient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
répondre	répondions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
empailler	empaillé	V.PTCP;PST;french
zwanzer	zwanzerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
raccrocher	raccrochant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
alluvionner	alluvionneras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
vociférer	vociférait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
carillonner	carillonnent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
user	userons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
converger	convergiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
enhardir	enhardiront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
escuser	escusasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
habiter	habite	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
désister	désistassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
agoniser	agonisait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
agonir	agoniriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
détrousser	détroussassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
détériorer	détériorai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
écornifler	écornifler	V;NFIN;french
boulocher	boulochions	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
dempner	dempnast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
monopoler	monopolera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
étouper	étouperai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
parachuter	parachutâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
émousser	émousserais	V;COND;2;SG;french
survolter	survoltiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
vouer	vouerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
péleriner	pélerinent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
festoyer	festoya	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
doigter	doigtant	V.PTCP;PRS;french
bousculer	bousculâmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
nerver	nerveraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
puer	puerez	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;french
ressembler	ressemble	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
resaccader	resaccades	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
résulter	résultait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
dessaler	dessale	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
momifier	momifierais	V;COND;1;SG;french
marketer	marketerai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
bavarder	bavardai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
pyrolyser	pyrolysât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
dévorer	dévore	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
désorienter	désorientais	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
butter	buttent	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;french
duveter	duvetasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
croître	croissez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
ébahir	ébahissait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
déjuger	déjugerait	V;COND;3;SG;french
colchier	colche	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
énerver	énerveriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
reculer	reculassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
contrepleder	contrepledons	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;french
acouchier	acouchiiez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
phagocyter	phagocyterai	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;french
brandir	brandîmes	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;french
désarrimer	désarrimez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
décérébrer	décérèbres	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
enfiler	enfilasses	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;french
entremanecier	entremanez	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
concorder	concordâtes	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;french
conduire	conduisiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
évaporer	évaporèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
exacerber	exacerberait	V;COND;3;SG;french
tarifier	tarifiiez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
adresser	adressions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
relocaliser	relocalisaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
convenir	conviens	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;french
reprocher	reprochassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
chalenger	chalenges	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
clarifier	clarifierais	V;COND;1;SG;french
chaponner	chaponnais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
crouler	crouliez	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;french
délabrer	délabrez	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;french
recuperer	recuperassions	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;french
biloquer	biloquât	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
rehausser	rehausser	V;NFIN;french
enceinter	enceintais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
ombrer	ombre	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
sechier	sechier	V;NFIN;french
nacrer	nacrasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
taster	tastoies	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;french
sermonner	sermonneras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
sextupler	sextuple	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
préempter	préempterait	V;COND;3;SG;french
renvoyer	renverrons	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;french
décongestionner	décongestionnent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
transpirer	transpiriez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
écornifler	écornifleriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
émincer	éminceront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
conquerre	conquiere	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
décolérer	décolèrerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
tarifer	tariferont	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
railler	raillais	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;french
coter	cote	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
dédorer	dédoreront	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;french
fendiller	fendilleras	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;french
réexpédier	réexpédie	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;french
espargner	espargnast	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;french
enceindre	enceignis	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;french
jacker	jackèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
souffrir	souffre	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;french
assonancer	assonancera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
chier	chieraient	V;COND;3;PL;french
désinsectiser	désinsectises	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
cauterizer	cauterizes	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
apostropher	apostrophèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
coincer	coinceriez	V;COND;2;PL;french
bâiller	bâillèrent	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;french
encorager	encorageriiez	V;COND;2;PL;french
démunir	démunissions	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;french
repenser	repensera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
eschaufer	eschaufes	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;french
déloger	délogerais	V;COND;2;SG;french
bouillaver	bouillavent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;french
collecter	collectaient	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;french
eslever	esleves	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;french
reconsacrer	reconsacrez	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;french
cramponner	cramponna	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;french
cuirasser	cuirasser	V;NFIN;french
reverdir	reverdissons	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;french
distancier	distanciera	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;french
gargariser	gargarisassent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;french
débâcler	débâcler	V;NFIN;french
dilater	dilaterais	V;COND;1;SG;french
claudiquer	claudiquait	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;french
préchauffer	préchauffassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
tancer	tanciez	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;french
pourpenser	pourpense	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;french
actualiser	actualisassiez	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;french
atomiser	atomisasse	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;french
girar	girarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
lembrar	lembrásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
escançar	escançais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
bater	bateria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
desvirginar	desvirginavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
chicotear	chicoteando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
datar	datados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
lesar	lesar	V;NFIN;portuguese
encorajar	encorajarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
sondar	sonde	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
alvoroçar	alvoroçássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lamentar	lamentar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
desperdiçar	desperdice	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
apupar	apupem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
empoleirar	empoleirar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
delegar	deleguem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
assegurar	assegurar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
esquilar	esquilar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
alucinar	alucinámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
descolorir	descoloristes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ginasticar	ginasticadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
discernir	discernam	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
engajar	engajou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
folgar	folgámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aceder	acedemos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
intimar	intime	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
alcoolizar	alcoolizávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
liquidar	liquides	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
evaporar	evapore	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
desfocar	desfocar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
adverbializar	adverbializasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
balouçar	balouçarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
esgotar	esgotares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
catar	catarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
extinguir	extinguidas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
titular	titular	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
timbrar	timbrarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
aleatorizar	aleatorizou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
conturbar	conturbaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
dessulfurar	dessulfurando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
comunicar	comunicados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ativar	ativar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
deletar	deletarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
confirmar	confirmes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
dissentir	dissinto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
regrar	regrei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
prurir	pruríeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
escusar	escuse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
pressentir	pressentiras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
monitorar	monitorarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
escalonar	escalones	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
abotoar	abotoaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
abortar	abortavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pestanejar	pestanejastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
lidar	lide	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
afilar	afileis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
adicionar	adicionar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
arder	arderem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
romanizar	romanizassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cintar	cintara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
proibir	proibíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
destituir	destituis	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
copular	copulásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
calibrar	calibrados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
profanar	profanasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
printar	printava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
meditar	meditavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
podar	podes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
anuir	anuireis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
escolarizar	escolarizais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
alentar	alentares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fiscalizar	fiscalizáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ajudar	ajudaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
engolfar	engolfarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
esfomear	esfomearemos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
jorrar	jorrares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
sodomizar	sodomizastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aderir	aderia	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
argentar	argentarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
notificar	notificastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
clicar	clicar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
fraturar	fraturareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
impedir	impedires	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
acalmar	acalmaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
destrinchar	destrincham	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
condensar	condensa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
portar	portam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
tosar	tosadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
mirar	mirar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
comemorar	comemorastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
decapitar	decapitaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
compartilhar	compartilharão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
lascar	lascarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
saber	saberíamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
infiltrar	infiltradas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
engasgar	engasgara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
espasmar	espasmassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
esmerar	esmerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
aprumar	aprumeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
reafirmar	reafirmo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
abroquelar	abroquelámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
benzer	benzamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
automatizar	automatizavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
retornar	retorna	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
pecar	pecar	V;NFIN;portuguese
surtar	surtar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
reabilitar	reabilitaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
especificar	especificara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
frear	frearão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
fender	fendeis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
investigar	investigarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
crestar	crestes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
compostar	compostáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
consubstanciar	consubstanciarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
relacionar	relaciona	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
encestar	enceste	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
conectar	conectando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
ruir	ruíam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
forçar	forcem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
vilificar	vilifique	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
juntar	juntado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
olear	oleia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
rejeitar	rejeite	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
maltar	maltemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
renunciar	renunciaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
desconcertar	desconcertarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
triscar	triscaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
encaixotar	encaixotasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desvincular	desvinculemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sangrar	sangrais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
aparar	aparados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
intoxicar	intoxicai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
desnivelar	desnivelassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
atrelar	atrelado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
pichar	pichavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
estimar	estimava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hortar	hortaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sobrar	sobras	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
organizar	organizarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
limpar	limpa	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
escutar	escutáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
apimentar	apimentava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
emprehender	emprehenderam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
desoxidar	desoxidava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
conseguir	consigas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
fraquear	fraqueáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cessar	cessadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
pendurar	pendures	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
cultivar	cultivávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
acabrunhar	acabrunhei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
prever	prevejais	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ocasionar	ocasionaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
perfilar	perfilavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
accolher	accolheria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
mamar	mamaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
devolver	devolverás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
applicar	applicaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
sovar	sovei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
evitar	evitada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
arrebentar	arrebentardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
derribar	derribara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
estilhaçar	estilhaçáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sobressair	sobressaias	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
bastecer	basteça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
beatificar	beatificardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
enfurecer	enfureceste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
tipificar	tipificaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
vibrar	vibrares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
estruturar	estruturavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
habituar	habituava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
esfregar	esfregarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
accordar	accorda	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
cauterizar	cauterizar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pilotar	pilotara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
despir	despira	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
importar	importem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
acondicionar	acondicionámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
quadricular	quadriculáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
acompridar	acompridar	V;NFIN;portuguese
accolher	accolheriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
dublar	dubláramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
devassar	devassava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ab-reagir	ab-reagíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
arpoar	arpoaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
consultar	consultai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
massificar	massificara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
colorir	colorira	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mixar	mixardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
perceber	perceber	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
excepcionar	excepciona	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
divinizar	divinizarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
decrescer	decrescendo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
jactar	jactastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
esbombardear	esbombardeie	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
vingar	vingara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
folegar	folegue	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
problematizar	problematizaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
encaracolar	encaracolareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
comprometer	comprometeria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
apodizar	apodizemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
forrar	forra	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
anotar	anotásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
iludir	iludir	V;NFIN;portuguese
sublinhar	sublinhe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
transmitir	transmitem	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
empeçonhar	empeçonhasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
abalar	abalem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
generalizar	generalizava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
filosofar	filosofáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
tender	tenderias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
sobre-estimar	sobre-estimaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
arrebentar	arrebentas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
unhar	unharas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
purificar	purificarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
matabichar	matabicharem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
digitar	digitaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
culpar	culpasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
extender	extenderam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cronometrar	cronometraremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
recordar	recordes	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
enxergar	enxergasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pajear	pajearem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
trucidar	trucidando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
imiscuir	imiscuirá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
rematar	remata	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
quedar	quedavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
renderizar	renderizaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
representar	representarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
deitar	deitasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cassar	cassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
socorrer	socorrerão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
incapacitar	incapacita	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
chicotear	chicotearíamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
aplacar	aplaquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
zicar	zicasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
assalariar	assalariam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
clarificar	clarifiquemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
chumbar	chumbados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
afrancesar	afrancesasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
qualificar	qualificaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
mascatear	mascateia	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
florir	floríssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
calar	calares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
parar	parámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
memorizar	memorizemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
suspeitar	suspeitar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
anteceder	antecedei	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
afixar	afixardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
tapar	tapando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
troçar	troçardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
descambar	descambais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
aditar	aditará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
derrogar	derrogáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
perecer	pereceríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
arruinar	arruinavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
engolir	engula	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
acrescer	acresceria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
massacrar	massacrastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
responsabilizar	responsabilizando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
empobrecer	empobreceras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sobrevir	sobrevier	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
atuar	atue	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
roçar	roçavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
admitir	admitíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
tosquiar	tosquiasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
alapar	alapada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
gostar	gostáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
transmitir	transmitirdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
contratar	contratavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
imunizar	imunizará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
decolar	decolarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
arrecadar	arrecada	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
locupletar	locupletáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
hispanizar	hispanizarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
comprar	compre	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
minimizar	minimizardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
chantar	chantarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
pilar	pilarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
borboletear	borboleteemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
saturar	saturemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
sugar	sugados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
cotejar	cotejai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
empolgar	empolgar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fretar	fretado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
envenenar	envenenares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
endossar	endossara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
salientar	salientardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
atochar	atochávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
diagnosticar	diagnosticaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
farejar	farejai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
papaguear	papaguear	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
girar	giraríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
propagar	propagueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
esculachar	esculachadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ensombrar	ensombraras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
destilar	destilada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
acuminar	acumines	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
habitar	habitar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
resumir	resumimos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
engravidar	engravidadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ungir	unjas	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
impetrar	impetra	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
acatar	acatávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
comemorar	comemoradas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
desavergonhar	desavergonhe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
orçar	orçar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
recalcular	recalculámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
pressionar	pressionar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
vincular	vinculara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
espernear	esperneemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
minerar	mineravam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
chifrar	chifrar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
concertar	concertaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
elaborar	elaborareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
florear	florearam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
imantar	imantam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
resvalar	resvalem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
vulcanizar	vulcanizarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
picar	picarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
crecer	crecerem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
macular	maculara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
faxinar	faxinavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
dispersar	dispersares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
tarraxar	tarraxar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ruminar	rumina	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
contra-atacar	contra-ataques	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
desbotar	desbotam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
sobresair	sobresairias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
canalizar	canalizaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
descrever	descrevermos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
aglutinar	aglutines	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
colar	coleis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sospeytar	sospeytares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
enformar	enformar	V;NFIN;portuguese
arruar	arruemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
debutar	debutastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
exigir	exigir	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
anatematizar	anatematizemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
arpejar	arpejemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
vosear	voseei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
libertar	libertaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
aposentar	aposentais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
cisar	cise	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
afrancesar	afrancesaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
enguiçar	enguiçarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rejeytar	rejeytava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aceder	acederas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
acontecer	acontecerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
atolar	atolai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
postular	postularia	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
potencializar	potencializar	V;NFIN;portuguese
deletar	deletar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
reprisar	repriso	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
protestar	protesta	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
vivar	vivados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
requerer	requisesses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
idolatrar	idolatráveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
comparar	compararam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
enfardar	enfardávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rastejar	rastejaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
anglicizar	anglicizo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
requintar	requintará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
irradiar	irradiaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
reclamar	reclamemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
desmarcar	desmarcáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
inactivar	inactivará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
centelhar	centelhara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
prospectar	prospectámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mascarar	mascararemos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
reafirmar	reafirmaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
suar	suemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
colaborar	colaboramos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
desaprovar	desaprovares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
antecipar	anteciparem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
infiltrar	infiltrámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
separar	separaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
zombar	zombáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
hibridizar	hibridizares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
murar	muro	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
endireitar	endireitámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
acatar	acatados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
exortar	exortou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
submergir	submergirdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
atenuar	atenuava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
angular	angularam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sangrar	sangrávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
comemorar	comemoreis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
contender	contende	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
suprimir	suprima	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
bajular	bajulem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
repugnar	repugnáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
mobiliar	mobiliastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aconselhar	aconselham	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
endossar	endossava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
tripudiar	tripudiarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
atravancar	atravanca	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
autuar	autuara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
verificar	verificas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
desestabilizar	desestabilizando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
prefaciar	prefaciem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sobrepor	sobreponham	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ejetar	ejetasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vomitar	vomitei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
anarquizar	anarquizemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
caucionar	caucionarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
iscar	isque	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
desconfortar	desconfortaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
mostrar	mostrares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
barrar	barrar	V;NFIN;portuguese
fallar	fallásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
frisar	frisarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
desconsagrar	desconsagrava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vaguear	vaguearem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
acupunturar	acupunturares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
apear	apeadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
desconversar	desconversares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
regalar	regaleis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
depender	dependais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
actualizar	actualizem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ridicularizar	ridicularizes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
redatar	redataríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
possuir	possuíres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
insinuar	insinua	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
vagar	vagar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
conflitar	conflitarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
saluçar	saluçaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
açoutar	açoutava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
maquinar	maquinar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
gorjear	gorjeara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
circular	circularíeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
desorganizar	desorganizara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
debutar	debutaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
reprovar	reprovados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
aquiescer	aquiesceu	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
expor	expões	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
tresler	treslerás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
datilografar	datilografáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
estilizar	estiliza	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
desacreditar	desacreditara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
murar	murar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
modular	modulem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
encampar	encampavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
bivacar	bivaquem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
descartar	descartásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fomentar	fomentaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
avaliar	avaliadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ementar	emente	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
pedalar	pedalou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
otimizar	otimizássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rastelar	rastelarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
velejar	veleja	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
conservar	conserve	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
infringir	infringe	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
persistir	persistíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lograr	lograriam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
sociabilizar	sociabiliza	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
idealizar	idealizasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aventar	aventem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
raciocinar	raciocinareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
representar	representem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
acotovelar	acotovelámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
minimizar	minimize	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
estremecer	estremeçamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
regurgitar	regurgitassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
enterrar	enterrardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ripar	ripem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
arar	araríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
janelar	janelarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
aliar	aliava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ater	ativera	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
biotransformar	biotransforma	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
desposar	desposasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
espaçar	espaçasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
punir	punisse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
redigitar	redigitar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
simbolizar	simbolizo	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
intitular	intitularias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
retarctar	retarctavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
estorvar	estorvarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
evacuar	evacuarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
japonizar	japonizastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
encadear	encadeai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
impelir	impelíramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
lucrar	lucrardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fallecer	falleceres	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
alcançar	alcançada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
clamar	clamaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
coligir	colijam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
importunar	importunados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
contornar	contornáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
submergir	submergiríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
pelar	pelasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
murchar	murcharei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
domar	domaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
demarcar	demarcavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
encoleirar	encoleiráveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aprontar	aprontar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
valorar	valorem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
reler	releio	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
alcaguetar	alcaguete	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
classificar	classificardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
acoimar	acoimemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
descompor	descomponham	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
avistar	avistasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
advocar	advocávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rilhar	rilhe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
farfalhar	farfalhada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
culminar	culmineis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
estatuir	estatuamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
regalar	regalasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desprender	desprendam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
hospedar	hospeda	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
talhar	talhem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
desconsiderar	desconsideraria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
receber	receberíamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
orçar	orçava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
suprir	suprirdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
desmamar	desmamares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
personalizar	personalizai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
reagir	reaja	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
vergar	vergara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
escapar	escapem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
especificar	especificar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
libertar	libertavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
apear	apeai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
encaracolar	encaracolasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
redigitar	redigitarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
despolarizar	despolarizaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
apostatar	apostatastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
observar	observarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
espoliar	espoliásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
confeccionar	confeccionava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fluoretar	fluoretaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
contender	contender	V;NFIN;portuguese
monologar	monologariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
entreter	entreto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
pré-datar	pré-dato	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
embeber	embebamos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
macaquear	macaqueásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
agir	agíamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
modificar	modificarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
iodar	iodarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
chapinhar	chapinharmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
patinar	patináveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
circular	circulava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
accusar	accusará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
comer	comiam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
cristianizar	cristianizarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
rotular	rotular	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
guerrear	guerreeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
intersectar	intersectemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
rosnar	rosne	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
inflar	inflarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
arquear	arqueasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pernoutar	pernoutem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
encoleirar	encoleirados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
engrenar	engrene	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
turvar	turvai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
rotular	rotulareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ovular	ovulei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
estilizar	estilizássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
esfaquear	esfaquearás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
concatenar	concatenaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
versar	versarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
badalar	badalando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
adrenalizar	adrenalizar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
perpetuar	perpetuarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
pintar	pintarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
injuriar	injuriar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
acastanhar	acastanharíamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
aventurar	aventurar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
accordar	accordemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
moshar	mosharas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sensualizar	sensualize	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
esvaziar	esvaziássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
espiritualizar	espiritualizarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
farfalhar	farfalhe	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
morder	mordeste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
excetuar	excetuavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
surtar	surtasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
chafurdar	chafurdarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
seduzir	seduzir	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
colecionar	colecionássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
estar	estivéramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
derruir	derruais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
deglutir	deglutirdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
lustrar	lustrai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
escrever	escrevesses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
deteriorar	deterioraríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
amaldiçoar	amaldiçoeis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
apitar	apitasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
chorar	choráveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
germinar	germine	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
usufruir	usufruirmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
iodar	iodaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
commeter	commetêssemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
auferir	auferiríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
embaixar	embaixemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
viajar	viaje	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
idolatrar	idolatrarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
contrair	contrair	V;NFIN;portuguese
monologar	monologara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
abandar	abandásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
trepar	trepavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
seduzir	seduziríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
alojar	alojem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
problematizar	problematizasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
confundir	confundiríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
investigar	investigámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
borrifar	borrifaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
exibir	exibidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
carimbar	carimbeis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
delir	delisse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fraudar	fraudamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
torturar	torturei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
uniformizar	uniformizasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
delimitar	delimitavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
abacinar	abacine	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
limar	lima	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
reparar	reparávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
descarnar	descarnarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
latinar	latinemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
navegar	navegue	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
suavizar	suavizando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
tentar	tentarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
exigir	exigi	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
idolatrar	idolatre	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
liderar	lidere	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
esconder	escondeis	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
penhorar	penhorais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
reescrever	reescreveres	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
travar	travarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
desistir	desistes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
venerar	veneraste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
zapear	zapeardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
decair	decaíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
amortizar	amortizares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
macular	maculasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
inicializar	inicializemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
caluniar	caluniei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
offerecer	offerece	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
avergonhar	avergonhadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
aconselhar	aconselhando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
arvorescer	arvorescido	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
iluminar	ilumináveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
amolentar	amolentares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
conversar	conversai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
torrar	torrais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
sistematizar	sistematizásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
interrogar	interrogues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
desalentar	desalente	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
espetar	espetas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
apor	apusesse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
prurir	prurisse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
reconhecer	reconhecera	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
apatetar	apatetavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
medir	media	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
alfinetar	alfinetam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
legar	legueis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
cuydar	cuydadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
ceder	cedesse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aforar	aforei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
detectar	detectei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
ocorrer	ocorrendo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
devisar	devise	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
reconstituir	reconstituais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
arvorescer	arvoresceste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
cafetinar	cafetina	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
jantar	janteis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
receitar	receitáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
vaticinar	vaticinar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
retocar	retoque	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
torrar	torrardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
impressionar	impressionados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
debochar	debocha	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
gorar	goravam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
enfear	enfeasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
assinalar	assinalemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
desafivelar	desafivelares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
vendar	vendámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
demarcar	demarcareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
liquefazer	liquefizerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
decrescer	decrescerei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
tingir	tingires	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
vogar	vogais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
dessulfurar	dessulfuraras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
destacar	destacará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
digitalizar	digitalizes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
disseminar	dissemine	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
lagartear	lagartearia	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
expectorar	expectoraremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
embirrar	embirrares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
destinar	destinemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
chorar	chorasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
apalpar	apalpas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
segregar	segreguemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
antidotar	antidotada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
sedar	sedamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
conferir	conferimos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
defender	defenderdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
retalhar	retalhásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
engodar	engodaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
intrincar	intrincariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
imobilizar	imobilizarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
fornicar	fornicarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
rodar	rodaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
recurvar	recurves	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
subornar	subornavam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
finlandizar	finlandizávamos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
mealhar	mealhares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
desmentir	desminto	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
tossir	tossir	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
eletrolisar	eletrolisar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
noticiar	noticiastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
auxiliar	auxilia	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
chacoalhar	chacoalhasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
atuar	atuáramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sacar	sacavas	V;2;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
approvar	approvaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
ligar	ligaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
inerir	ineríreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
fender	fendemos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
miar	mies	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
fervilhar	fervilhar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
bicar	bicou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
amedrontar	amedrontariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
reprimendar	reprimendaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
adequar	adequara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
macerar	macerarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
maiuscular	maiusculemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
compor	componhas	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
aliviar	aliviaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
sapear	sapeies	V;2;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
definir	defini	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
descontinuar	descontinuando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
arrazoar	arrazoem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
revitalizar	revitalizarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
sancionar	sancionar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
transar	transasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
assistir	assistirdes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
clorar	cloremos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
arrendar	arrendados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
romanizar	romanizemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
emparedar	emparedasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desconfortar	desconfortei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
menstruar	menstruardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
usufruir	usufrui	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
rolar	rolada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
subir	subir	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
pilhar	pilhares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
inscrever	inscreverão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
parcelar	parcele	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
reencher	reencham	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
suplantar	suplantaste	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
estontear	estonteadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
condenar	condene	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ressonar	ressone	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
afetar	afetados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
tangar	tangemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
dissuadir	dissuadiria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
aerar	aeráveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
rasgar	rasguem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
ulular	ulularias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
aquietar	aquietaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
haver	haja	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
varrer	varrermos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
romanizar	romanizadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
planger	plangesse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
repensar	repensava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
lustrar	lustrar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
encerrar	encerrarão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
presupor	presupuserem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
hidrogenar	hidrogene	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
interpretar	interpretaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
desencadear	desencadeastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
adequar	adequado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
guinchar	guinchados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
coser	cose	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
intermediar	intermediassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
clonar	clonam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
polimerizar	polimerizei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
encalhar	encalharam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
orientar	orientares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rocar	rocarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
algoritmizar	algoritmizaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
emanar	emanarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
acovardar	acovardaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
perseguir	perseguirem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
inteirar	inteirada	V.PTCP;FEM;SG;PST;portuguese
latir	latimos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
aleijar	aleijarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
proibir	proíbais	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
obturar	obturasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desrespeitar	desrespeitava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
calhar	calhardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
prolongar	prolonguem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
deglutir	deglutiras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
transmutar	transmutes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
alvoroçar	alvoroçaremos	V;1;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
interceptar	interceptemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
delongar	delongarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
palrar	palraras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sincronizar	sincronizei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
sobretaxar	sobretaxarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
esticar	esticaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
deambular	deambulas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
gorar	gore	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
revoltar	revolte	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
relembrar	relembrei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
planejar	planeje	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
incumbir	incumbindo	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
curar	curar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
converter	converterá	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
atolar	atolará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
selectar	selectaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
entorpecer	entorpeceríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
mandar	mandardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
cumular	cumularmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
lastimar	lastimássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
intermediar	intermediaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
alternar	alternásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
doar	doasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
abacinar	abacinares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
adoecer	adoecera	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
numerar	numerei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
inclinar	inclinar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
acoplar	acoplámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
acariciar	acariciou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
soçobrar	soçobrarem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
poder	podíeis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
batalhar	batalharias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
prospectar	prospectarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
chicanar	chicanará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
reverenciar	reverenciáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
incitar	incitara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
embarcar	embarcaras	V;2;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
desapegar	desapega	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
proteger	protege	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
balançar	balançares	V;2;SG;NFIN;portuguese
replantar	replantáreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
anoitecer	anoiteça	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
googlar	googlei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
penalizar	penalizaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
autuar	autuadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
remodelar	remodelemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
tributar	tributáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
facilitar	facilitar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
protuberar	protuberará	V;3;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
provocar	provocar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ralar	ralas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
blasonar	blasonaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
sacrificar	sacrificas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
europeizar	europeizado	V.PTCP;MASC;SG;PST;portuguese
reconhecer	reconhecidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
recomendar	recomendaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
desbastar	desbastarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
degradar	degradássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
castigar	castiguemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
hipnotizar	hipnotizareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
ajustar	ajustar	V;NFIN;portuguese
balouçar	baloucem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
chupar	chupe	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
fraquejar	fraqueje	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
privar	privara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
pigmentar	pigmentem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
acabrunhar	acabrunhai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
arreganhar	arreganháreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
escusar	escusara	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
caraterizar	carateriza	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
recordar	recordem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
tragar	trague	V;3;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
desfraldar	desfraldastes	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
comentar	comentem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
economizar	economizar	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
recair	recaíreis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
presentear	presentearmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
adotar	adotarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
comiscar	comisquemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
confiar	confiais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
brunir	brunirdes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
dividir	dividir	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
protrair	protraís	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
tirotear	tiroteariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
actualizar	actualizou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
arrear	arreassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
ocasionar	ocasionássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
amarrar	amarradas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
alunar	alunais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
rebolar	rebolaria	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
enformar	enformarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
suavizar	suavizava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aparar	aparou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
flertar	flertariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
approvar	approvemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
desmamar	desmamava	V;3;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
adicionar	adicioneis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
brunir	bruniam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
alfaiatar	alfaiataram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
manjar	manjava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
incumbir	incumbes	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
recalcular	recalculasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
empalhar	empalhardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
criar	criaria	V;3;SG;COND;portuguese
denominar	denomináramos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
destillar	destilla	V;3;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
resgatar	resgatemos	V;1;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
caucionar	caucionar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
causar	causasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
entreolhar	entreolhemos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
ventilar	ventilar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
almoedar	almoedareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
vitoriar	vitoriar	V;3;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
catalizar	catalizarias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
estrumar	estrumáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
transformar	transformados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
dadivar	dadivarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
pegar	pegarei	V;1;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
amortalhar	amortalhando	V.PTCP;PRS;portuguese
gripar	gripassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
prever	prevejamos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
ladrar	ladrei	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
apresentar	apresentarmos	V;1;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
censurar	censuradas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
destrancar	destranca	V;2;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
abraçar	abraçaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
chimarronear	chimarronearam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
aloirar	aloirava	V;1;SG;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
aquentar	aquentardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
amaynar	amaynasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
trajar	trajar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
ajudar	ajudasses	V;2;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
estruturar	estruturardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
prostituir	prostituir	V;1;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
ludibriar	ludibriaríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
tormentar	tormentai	V;2;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
reestruturar	reestruturassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
consolar	consolardes	V;2;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
encostar	encostasse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
caducar	caduquem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
equipar	equiparia	V;1;SG;COND;portuguese
corrigir	corrijam	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
neutralizar	neutralizem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
realizar	realizareis	V;2;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
engarrafar	engarrafou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
reputar	reputas	V;2;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
reanimar	reanimarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
enervar	enerve	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
engrossar	engrosse	V;3;SG;IMP;POS;portuguese
conotar	conotou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
repreender	repreenderão	V;3;PL;IND;FUT;portuguese
distanciar	distanciar	V;1;SG;NFIN;portuguese
pelear	pelearás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
pastorear	pastoreamos	V;1;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
chimarrear	chimarrearias	V;2;SG;COND;portuguese
empreitar	empreitares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rapar	raparam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
rejeytar	rejeytarem	V;3;PL;NFIN;portuguese
moscar	mosco	V;1;SG;IND;PRS;portuguese
acender	acenderam	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
stalkear	stalkeais	V;2;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
catalizar	catalizares	V;2;SG;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
invectivar	invectivaríeis	V;2;PL;COND;portuguese
zarpar	zarparem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
surripiar	surripie	V;1;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
pulicar	puliqueis	V;2;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
invadir	invadisse	V;3;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
existir	existam	V;3;PL;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
acender	acendidos	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
ortigar	ortigámos	V;1;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
destillar	destillados	V.PTCP;MASC;PL;PST;portuguese
lacrar	lacraríamos	V;1;PL;COND;portuguese
farejar	farejarmos	V;1;PL;NFIN;portuguese
emparedar	emparedaram	V;3;PL;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
disponibilizar	disponibilizadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
activar	activariam	V;3;PL;COND;portuguese
alquilar	alquilasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
plugar	plugasse	V;1;SG;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fusionar	fusionam	V;3;PL;IND;PRS;portuguese
liberar	liberara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
chegar	chegues	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
consolar	consoláveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
fadigar	fadigue	V;3;SG;IMP;NEG;portuguese
blandiciar	blandiciásseis	V;2;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
choramingar	choramingáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
batalhar	batalhem	V;3;PL;IMP;POS;portuguese
alumiar	alumiarás	V;2;SG;IND;FUT;portuguese
congregar	congregáveis	V;2;PL;IND;PST;IPFV;portuguese
desabotoar	desabotoássemos	V;1;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
pousar	pousadas	V.PTCP;FEM;PL;PST;portuguese
empanturrar	empanturrar	V;3;SG;NFIN;portuguese
esmaltar	esmaltara	V;1;SG;IND;PST;PRF;portuguese
grunhir	grunhamos	V;1;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
sorrir	sorrias	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
chupar	chupes	V;2;SG;SBJV;PRS;portuguese
opiniar	opiniou	V;3;SG;IND;PST;PFV;portuguese
arrastar	arrastem	V;3;PL;IMP;NEG;portuguese
brocar	brocassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
gracitar	gracitardes	V;2;PL;NFIN;portuguese
esclarecer	esclarecerem	V;3;PL;SBJV;FUT;portuguese
rufar	rufassem	V;3;PL;SBJV;PST;IPFV;portuguese
interessare	interessi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
scavezzare	scavezzammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
riconvertirsi	riconvertiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
becchettarsi	mi becchettassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
sgrossare	sgrossavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
dialogare	dialoghiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
manlevare	manleverebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
annuvolarsi	si annuvolano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
elettrolizzare	elettrolizzavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
riequilibrarsi	vi riequilibraste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ossequiare	ossequiassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
svergolare	svergolate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
refilare	refilare	V;NFIN;italian
rammaricarsi	si rammaricano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
infiammarsi	si infiammerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
frollarsi	vi frollate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
cavarsi	ci cavassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
singhiozzare	singhiozzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
riappendere	riappendi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
addottrinarsi	ci addottrinammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
demoltiplicare	demoltiplicaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
sdrammatizzare	sdrammatizzammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
precisarsi	ci preciseremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
defibrillare	defibrillando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
scambiare	scambia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
pluralizzare	pluralizzaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
chinare	chiniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
comprendere	comprendi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
mercificare	mercifica	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
ricombinarsi	ti ricombinassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
riseminare	risemini	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
gassificare	gassifichiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
rispargere	rispargemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
azzuffare	azzuffavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
bersi	ci beviamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
tassare	tasso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
riapprodare	riapprodai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
sgonfiare	sgonfiasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
apprettare	appretterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
riconcedere	riconcedevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ribollire	ribolli	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
sbarellare	sbarellavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
raffrontare	raffronterai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
sbozzolare	sbozzolerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
assestarsi	si assestarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
premonire	premonisca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ambiare	ambiaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
rifocillare	rifocillante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
vistare	vistavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
distanziarsi	vi distanziaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
preludiare	preludino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
accasciarsi	vi accascerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
incontrarsi	incontrati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
pitoccare	pitoccante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
risciogliere	risciogliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
sottoridere	sorridiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
dinamizzare	dinamizzassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
musare	musiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
spappolare	spappolassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
inacetire	inacetiremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
sfoderare	sfoderino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
riaddormentare	riaddormentano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
tramettere	tramettessi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
sbarbare	sbarbassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ripudiare	ripudiassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
orpellare	orpelleremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
aggiungersi	si aggiunsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
azzardare	azzardavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
descriversi	descrivetevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
abbiadare	abbiadi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
istruirsi	si istruisca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
interlineare	interlineo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
placarsi	mi placherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
risciacquare	risciacquare	V;NFIN;italian
stringare	stringhi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
rinserrarsi	si rinserri	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ostinarsi	ti ostinerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
nascondersi	ci nascondevamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
rimemorarsi	ci rimemoriamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
oltraggiare	oltraggiassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
popolarizzare	popolarizzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
sportellare	sportellate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
sbrodolarsi	si sbrodolò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
naverare	naveraste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
stozzare	stozzavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
scardare	scardare	V;NFIN;italian
depurarsi	si depuravano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
sovrappopolare	sovrappopolassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
delineare	delineerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
genuflettersi	vi genufletteste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
bramire	bramiste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ricrescere	ricrescerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
rammodernare	rammoderni	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
spanare	spanassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
passarsela	passatevela	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
invenire	inveniate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
intontire	intontivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
reputare	reputi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
marimettere	marimettano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
rimirarsi	vi rimiraste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
rimpiazzare	rimpiazzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
divariare	divariato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
stivare	stiveremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
strascicarsi	vi strascicaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
aggiucchire	aggiucchissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
accavezzare	accavezzeremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
addomesticarsi	si addomesticherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
schiantare	schianti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
infoibare	infoibaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
valutarsi	si valuterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sottopagare	sottopagaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
deviscerare	deviscererà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
spenzolarsi	ti spenzolassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
attirare	attirerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
debbiare	debbiasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
coltivare	coltiviate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
dotarsi	dotarsi	V;NFIN;italian
foracchiare	foracchierebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
abbittare	abbittavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
sfarsi	si sfaccia	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
responsabilizzare	responsabilizzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
riservarsi	si riservasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
rialzarsi	ti rialzerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
fornirsi	ti fornirai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
autorizzarsi	ti autorizzerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
tutelare	tutelassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
disincagliarsi	ti disincagli	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
bleffare	bleffa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
scansarsi	scansati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
centrare	centrerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
elevare	eleveranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
reintrodurre	reintroduca	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
rieducare	rieducheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
indispettirsi	si indispettiscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
eluire	eluiranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
menare	meno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
ciangottare	ciangotti	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
raggiungere	raggiunga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
cazzeggiare	cazzeggiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
accommiatarsi	ti accommiati	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
reimmettere	reimmettemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
esilararsi	mi esilaravo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
choccare	choccasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
intercludere	intercludendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
invelenire	invelenendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
riformulare	riformula	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
vivificarsi	ci vivificammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
starsi	si stettero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
smollicare	smollicate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ritualizzare	ritualizzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
reinserirsi	vi reinseriste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
disamorare	disamoriamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
intercalare	intercaleresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
fraintendere	fraintenderai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
cercarsi	si cerchino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
circondare	circondava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
traslare	trasleranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
impensierire	impensieriamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
flambare	flamberebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
vantare	vantino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
infarcire	infarcirebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
refrangere	refrangessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
domare	domato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
beneficiare	beneficiarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ribattere	ribattette	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
mutizzare	mutizzammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
sviolinare	sviolinavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
scombaciare	scombacerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
puddellare	puddelli	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
sottendere	sottende	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
bronzare	bronzavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
capponare	capponerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
evolvere	evolvettero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
provenire	provenivi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
infreddolire	infreddolirai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
patrocinare	patrocinerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
piccarsi	si picchino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
scalciare	scalcerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
economizzare	economizzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
impiccarsi	si impiccasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
skateare	skateeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
azzardare	azzardante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
imperversare	imperverserebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
discantare	discantano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
frugare	frugheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
acetificare	acetificaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
subconcedere	subconcedendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
manifatturare	manifatturare	V;NFIN;italian
boxare	boxiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
intrinsecare	intrinseca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
gelare	geli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
sorvegliare	sorvegliò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
sganasciarsi	ti sganasciassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
vedersi	ci vediamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
concentrare	concentravi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
bilanciarsi	si bilancino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
trivellare	trivellavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
aggiucchire	aggiucchiste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
preludiare	preludiante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
rincorare	rincorare	V;NFIN;italian
psicanalizzare	psicanalizziamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
sgombrare	sgombrando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
monumentalizzare	monumentalizziamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
avventurarsi	ti avventuri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
plagiare	plagiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
appruarsi	vi appruiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
accavallarsi	si accavallò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
incannucciare	incannucceremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
defraudare	defraudate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
strappare	strapparono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
siglare	siglai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
linciare	linciava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
inguaiarsi	si inguaiavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
scomunicare	scomunicato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
spirare	spireresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
soffriggere	soffriggo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
sorteggiare	sorteggiassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
strombare	strombasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
transigere	transatto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
macadamizzare	macadamizza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
aggrandire	aggrandivamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
salariare	salariare	V;NFIN;italian
smoccolare	smoccolavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
zangolare	zangoliamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
stentacchiare	stentacchieremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
aggirarsi	aggirati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
rinverdirsi	ti rinverdisci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
granellare	granellavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
dereferenziare	dereferenzierei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
perseguire	persegua	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ancheggiare	ancheggiante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
zoccolare	zoccolo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
fertilizzare	fertilizzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
deportare	deporterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
commissariare	commissari	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
accennare	accennando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ridisegnare	ridisegno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
accedere	accediate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
zampeggiare	zampeggerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
stasarsi	si stasino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
lascare	lasca	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
dividere	dividerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
imprestare	impresterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
degenerare	degenerai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
violinare	violini	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
edulcorare	edulcorassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
esilararsi	ci esilarassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
parlottare	parlottò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
involtarsi	ci involtiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
accismare	accismasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
assortire	assortivo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
compiersi	ti compirai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
appesantirsi	ti appesantissi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
discoscendere	discoscenderete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
inviscidire	inviscidiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
panificare	panificava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
sbreccare	sbreccheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
sobillare	sobillaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
intronare	introniate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
inondare	inondassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
sbollentare	sbollentassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
attorcigliarsi	si attorciglierebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
rodere	roderebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
depilare	depilerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
azzoppire	azzoppire	V;NFIN;italian
accarezzarsi	si accarezzarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
arrotolare	arrotolava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
sospettare	sospettare	V;NFIN;italian
dirompere	diromperò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
raggruppare	raggruppai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
rinfoderare	rinfoderate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
attenersi	vi atterreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
accamparsi	mi accamperei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
crepitare	crepiterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
manifestare	manifestavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
domiciliarsi	ti domicilierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
gravitare	graviteremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
smobilizzare	smobilizzavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
costellare	costellare	V;NFIN;italian
triplicarsi	si triplicava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
comunicarsi	mi comunicherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
ripiegare	ripiegavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
disinnestare	disinnestavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
strepitare	strepitavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
accagliare	accagli	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
addottorarsi	ti addottori	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
riconvalidare	riconvalidavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
solere	soglia	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
zollare	zollò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
infiltrarsi	si infiltri	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
stramazzare	stramazzereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
intridere	intridevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
riconciliarsi	vi riconciliereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
affiancare	affiancano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
infoderare	infoderato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
celarsi	celato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
distaccare	distacchino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
spaziare	spaziai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
fraternizzare	fraternizzerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
biforcarsi	vi biforcavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
svelarsi	ti svelasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
pingere	pingerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
alluzzare	alluzzavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
sbreccare	sbrecca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
estenuare	estenuiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
meriare	merierei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
controrispondere	controrisponderebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
espettorare	espettorerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
insaccare	insaccherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
inorgoglire	inorgogliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
ipostatizzare	ipostatizzerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
bruciarsi	si bruciano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
fidanzare	fidanzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
depravare	depravi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
medagliare	medagliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
annegare	anneghiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
ingannarsi	ti ingannavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
invaghirsi	mi invaghissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
finirla	la finisce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
rancidire	rancidisti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
fiscaleggiare	fiscaleggi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
sgretolarsi	sgretolatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
rifilare	rifilammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
demagnetizzare	demagnetizzino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
raffermare	raffermo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
abbigliare	abbigliò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
sgorgare	sgorghiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
concupire	concupiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
sbaffare	sbaffi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
crostare	crosti	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
stazionare	stazionino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
videoscrivere	videoscriverai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
riobbligare	riobblighino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
rinnovarsi	vi rinnovaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
responsabilizzarsi	mi responsabilizzi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
riallocare	riallocheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
riprincipiare	riprincipiare	V;NFIN;italian
schettinare	schettinerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
martirizzare	martirizzerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
sollevare	solleviamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
sgrassare	sgrasseresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
autorizzare	autorizzasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
spiccicarsi	spiccicatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
esterminare	esterminassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
mappare	mappo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
consultare	consultate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
spettegolare	spettegolaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
chiaroscurare	chiaroscurerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
sclerotizzare	sclerotizzerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
archiviare	archiviarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
ripiegarsi	ti ripieghi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
riapprovare	riapprovi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
ridipingere	ridipingano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ridorare	ridoriamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ritentare	ritentante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
fondere	fondete	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
fratturare	frattureranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
sradicare	sradicasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
vidimare	vidimerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
distogliersi	si distolsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
incettare	incettate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
soffiarsi	ci soffiavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
sbollire	sbolliamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
accomunare	accomuni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
annuvolarsi	ti annuvolavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
attrezzare	attrezzasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
frizzare	frizzino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
resolare	resolassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
riconsigliare	riconsigliavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
raccorciarsi	ti raccorceresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
aggruppare	aggruppava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
quadruplicarsi	ci quadruplicammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
defungere	defunga	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
tintinnare	tintinnate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ereditare	ereditare	V;NFIN;italian
scimmiottare	scimmiottammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
mescere	mescessimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
reincarnarsi	si reincarnerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
scontorcere	scontorcano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
ristare	ristavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
petrarcheggiare	petrarcheggiavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
stanziarsi	stanziatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
incardinare	incardino	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
adescare	adescante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
immusonirsi	ti immusonirai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
starnutire	starnutiranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
impicciolire	impiccioliamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
disabilitare	disabilitavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
deconcentrare	deconcentriamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
disobbligare	disobbligavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
tappare	tappaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
alleviare	alleviate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
reimmergere	reimmerso	V.PTCP;PST;italian
depolimerizzare	depolimerizzammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
punteggiare	punteggia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
psicoanalizzare	psicoanalizziamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
assidersi	si assidessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
gorgheggiare	gorgheggiassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
uperizzare	uperizziamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
traslocarsi	ti traslocavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
autoescludersi	si autoescludesse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
rissare	rissando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
sfalsare	sfalsino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ufficiare	ufficiavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
coalizzarsi	mi coalizzavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
rimunerare	rimuneriamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
annichilire	annichilite	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
imbandire	imbandissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
fornicare	fornicate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
adugnare	adugnano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
risciacquare	risciacquate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
attestare	attestaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ritrovare	ritrovi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
conquistare	conquistiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
calmierare	calmieri	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
pattugliare	pattugliate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
riagguantare	riagguantiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
disincentivare	disincentivavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
pieghettare	pieghettare	V;NFIN;italian
precingere	precingevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
recludere	recluderemo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
ridimensionare	ridimensionereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
giudicare	giudicherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
morire	morimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
passare	passasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
inchiodare	inchiodo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
scrivere	scriverebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
disotterrare	disotterrarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
riavvistare	riavvistavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
strattonarsi	si strattonano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
vigoreggiare	vigoreggiammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
devolvere	devolveste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
accastellare	accastellassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
teletrasmettere	teletrasettano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
zonizzare	zonizzano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
debordare	deborderemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
prostrare	prostriamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
proiettarsi	si proiettava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
aggravare	aggravando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
sintetizzare	sintetizza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
sfarinare	sfarinato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
prepensionare	prepensioni	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
sgretolare	sgretoleremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
pignorare	pignoriate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
disubbidire	disubbidiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
laicizzare	laicizzassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
ricapitare	ricapitai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
dichiarare	dichiarerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
pulsare	pulserete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
strascicare	strascicherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sovesciare	sovescia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ricompire	ricompia	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
manganare	mangana	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
scalpicciare	scalpicci	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
gozzovigliare	gozzovigliamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
rioccupare	rioccupavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
recludere	recludeva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
acciottolare	acciottoli	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
inoculare	inoculeremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
consolarsi	si consolavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
modellarsi	ci modelliamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
impoverire	impoverivo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
spacciare	spacciassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
asseggiare	asseggiando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
illuminare	illuminarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
decentralizzare	decentralizzerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
triplicarsi	mi triplicassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
abbuiare	abbuio	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
aggrondarsi	ti aggronderai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
raffreddarsi	ti raffreddassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
enumerare	enumeravi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
sbocciare	sbocciamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
inglobare	inglobaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ristendere	ristendiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
resistere	resista	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
appuntare	appunterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
rombare	romberete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
rimasticare	rimastichereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
disciogliere	discioglieva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
congedarsi	ti congedi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
squamare	squamare	V;NFIN;italian
ridersene	se ne ridano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
trasmettere	trasmetti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
sperimentare	sperimentando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
trascrivere	trascrivi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
scapigliare	scapiglierebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
scoprirsi	scoprirsi	V;NFIN;italian
aderire	aderiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
sconsacrare	sconsacrerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
protestarsi	vi protestaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
allettare	allettavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
decelerare	decelererà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
coordinare	coordini	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
scompisciarsi	vi scompiscereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
agghiacciare	agghiaccia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
spararsi	mi sparassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
ricandidarsi	ci ricandidassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
spingere	spingo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
oltrapassare	oltrapassi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
scoronare	scoronò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
rifermare	rifermi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
riapplicare	riapplichi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
rifendere	rifendevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
ripolarizzare	ripolarizzavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
daziare	dazieranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
denaturalizzare	denaturalizzerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
inzolfare	inzolfaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
rimpicciolire	rimpicciolisce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
affrettarsi	mi affretterò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
sguanciare	sguanciate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
rifare	rifarai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
inzuppare	inzupperà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
cingere	cinsero	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
condiscendere	condiscendiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
disassuefarsi	disassuefacentesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
rassegnarsi	si rassegnò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
allibare	alliberà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
sovvenzionare	sovvenzionato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
destabilizzarsi	si destabilizzino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
rosolare	rosola	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
litografare	litograferei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
riaccompagnare	riaccompagni	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
broccare	broccheresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
accotonare	accotonasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
mineralizzare	mineralizzante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
destatalizzare	destatalizzasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
riconciliare	riconcilierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
baruffare	baruffiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
nudrire	nudriscono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
sfigurare	sfigurerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
disinnamorarsi	ci disinnamoreremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
scadenzare	scadenzammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
argentare	argentassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
ringagliardire	ringagliardissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
fruttificare	fruttificherei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
declassificare	declassifichiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
tesserarsi	ci tessereremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
brutalizzare	brutalizzavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
raggirare	raggiriamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
incuriosirsi	si incuriosissero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
sovvenire	sovvenissero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
erudire	erudirono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
gambizzare	gambizzaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ricacciare	ricacciasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
perfare	perfacevate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ammollire	ammollivamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
largire	largimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
riddare	riddi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
abbrunire	abbrunivano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
frammischiarsi	frammischiamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
doparsi	ci dopiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
guardarsene	se ne guardasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
ammelmare	ammelmavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
elidere	elide	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
clonare	clonarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
incespicare	incespicheremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
culminare	culminare	V;NFIN;italian
ritualizzare	ritualizzerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
reimpiegare	reimpiegammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
fugare	fugasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
fabbricare	fabbricherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
annuvolarsi	si annuvolavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
inasprire	inaspriremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
sfangare	sfangavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
sottomurare	sottomuravano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
noverare	novero	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
estivare	estiverà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
rinfrescarsi	si rinfresca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
correggere	correggerai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
castrare	castriamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
affrittellare	affrittellai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
questuare	questuereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
scazzottarsi	ci scazzotteremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
gettarsi	si getteranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
invigliacchire	invigliacchiva	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
tossire	tossisca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
sfregiare	sfregiavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
rassumere	rassumete	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
curarsi	mi curassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
azzuffarsi	si azzuffa	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
vederci	vedenteci	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ravvolgere	ravvolgerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
lasciare	lasciai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
rimasticare	rimasticaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
incingere	incingiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
spastoiare	spastoi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
rallegrare	rallegrante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
salvarsi	ti salverai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
rivestire	rivestite	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
sballottare	sballottasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
dissacrare	dissacrano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
rappattumare	rappattumassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
disperdere	disperdente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
divorziare	divorziaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
approvvigionare	approvvigionato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
arrostare	arrostammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
risollevare	risollevammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
demandare	demanderà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
rammollirsi	mi rammollii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
raddrizzare	raddrizzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
disambiguare	disambiguano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
frammettere	frammetti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
ticchettare	ticchetti	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
accerchiellare	accerchiellarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
riscotere	riscoterei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
arreggimentare	arreggimentare	V;NFIN;italian
riprestare	riprestato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
incornare	incorno	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
alberare	alberava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
monetarizzare	monetarizzerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
aggruppare	aggruppato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
rintontire	rintontirete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
affiochirsi	affiochito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
biennalizzare	biennalizzaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
ottenere	otterrei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
imboccare	imboccò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
reclutare	reclutammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
ripudiare	ripudiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
sbiadirsi	mi sbiadisco	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
frammischiarsi	vi frammischiate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
sfinire	sfinirò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
caramellare	caramellante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
precingere	precingemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
incamiciare	incamiciassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
dilaniarsi	si dilanino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
rincretinire	rincretinente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
scalpellare	scalpellerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
idoleggiare	idoleggerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
malvedere	malvedrai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
mediare	mediammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
sopravvedere	sopravvedono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
preporre	prepongono	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
involgarire	involgarisca	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
accidere	accendano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
infondere	infonderebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
spezzettare	spezzettasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
decostruire	decostruii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
conferire	conferiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
espletare	espleti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
sbicchierare	sbicchieravamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
sottoporre	sottoponi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
abbronzarsi	si abbronzeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
fiondare	fiondando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
riselciare	riselci	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
martoriare	martorierai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
infornaciare	infornaciano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
accadere	accaduto	V.PTCP;PST;italian
spesare	spesasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
rimangiare	rimangerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
rinselvarsi	vi rinselvereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
informicolarsi	vi informicolaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
addebitare	addebitassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
affrescare	affresca	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
taccheggiare	taccheggiammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
cuntare	cuntare	V;NFIN;italian
bannare	bannavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
montare	monterebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
defraudare	defrauderebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
conteggiare	conteggerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
sponsorizzare	sponsorizzaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
lavorare	lavorerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
padreggiare	padreggi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
pensare	pensava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
svillaneggiarsi	mi svillaneggerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
riconcedere	riconcedendo	V.CVB;PRS;italian
inflaccidire	inflaccidisca	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
sgranellare	sgranellasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
sconfinare	sconfinerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ammassare	ammasso	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
confinarsi	mi confinai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
funzionare	funzionava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
arabizzare	arabizza	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
invaghirsi	vi invaghiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
attutire	attutivamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
bucherellare	bucherellando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
irruvidirsi	si irruvidiscano	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
etichettare	etichettai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
caratterizzare	caratterizzeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
schifare	schifaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
articolare	articolassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
manutenere	manutenete	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
addolcirsi	si addolciranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
bilanciare	bilanciato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
semicingere	semicingeste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
deflazionare	deflazionavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
discaricare	discaricaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
introiettare	introiettavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
vomire	vomirete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
tuffarsi	ci tuffammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
cateterizzare	cateterizzando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
disaffezionare	disaffezioni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
fiaccarsi	fiaccarsi	V;NFIN;italian
intripparsi	si intrippassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
minchionare	minchionaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
rintanarsi	vi rintanaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
scocciare	scocceremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
rotolare	rotoliamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
bilanciarsi	si bilanci	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
dragare	draghiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
addottorarsi	addottorarsi	V;NFIN;italian
punzecchiarsi	punzecchiatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
deidratare	deidratava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
traversare	traversiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
minacciarsi	minacciantesi	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
rilasciarsi	si rilasci	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
attergare	atterghiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
interfacciare	interfacci	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
zummare	zummerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
sfangare	sfangherò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
starnazzare	starnazzando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
conferirsi	ci conferiremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
riscaldare	riscaldiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
appiccicare	appiccicherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
luppolizzare	luppolizzarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
paracadutare	paracaduteremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
rizzare	rizzino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
riorientare	riorienteremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
deossigenare	deossigenassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
infiammare	infiammiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
sfasciare	sfasci	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
avvezzare	avvezzi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
riesercitare	riesercitante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ostacolarsi	ostacoliamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
infilare	infilasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
rincarnarsi	si rincarnano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
buscarsi	vi buschereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
illeggiadrire	illeggiadrimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
corredare	corrediate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
volvere	volveranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
adorarsi	si adoreranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
incappucciare	incappucciò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
sprangare	sprangò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
rapprendersi	si rapprende	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
squartare	squartavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ustionare	ustionante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
allidere	alliderete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ristilizzare	ristilizzò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
politicizzarsi	mi politicizzo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
allietare	allietino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
acchetare	acchetate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
riqualificare	riqualificai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
inalzare	inalzi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
indignarsi	ti indigni	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
taccare	taccherebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
battibeccare	battibeccassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
sbalordirsi	vi sbalordiste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
sponsorizzare	sponsorizzassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
soffregare	soffreghiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
dardeggiare	dardeggiate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
tumulare	tumuleresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
voltolarsi	ci voltoleremo	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;italian
sbandare	sbandereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
forbire	forbiste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
diffamare	diffamante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
noleggiare	noleggiavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ricoverarsi	ricoverato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
aontare	aontando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
squadrare	squadrerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
largire	largire	V;NFIN;italian
avvilupparsi	ci avviluppavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
riaccomodarsi	riaccomodarsi	V;NFIN;italian
metilare	metileremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
rivolare	rivolate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ripresentarsi	si ripresentino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
sdegnare	sdegnassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
rimbalzare	rimbalzava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
insonorizzare	insonorizzerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
nobilitarsi	nobilitandosi	V.CVB;PRS;italian
tinteggiare	tinteggiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
perpetuarsi	vi perpetuate	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;italian
schedulare	schedulereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
sfegatarsi	si sfegaterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
svestirsi	ti svesti	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
affollarsi	si affollerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
ritracciare	ritracciai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
appesantirsi	si appesantirebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
schedare	schedi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
rimeritare	rimeritiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
corrugarsi	si corrugasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
categorizzare	categorizzano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
rinverdirsi	vi rinverdivate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
affiliarsi	affiliatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
porzionare	porziono	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
nobilitarsi	si nobiliti	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
riconsacrare	riconsacreranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
islamizzare	islamizzai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
regolarizzare	regolarizzarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
scambiare	scambiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
ricolorare	ricolorereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
contrassegnare	contrassegnassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
trotterellare	trotterellavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
sguainare	sguainerò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
adiuvare	adiuvasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
clusterizzare	clusterizzare	V;NFIN;italian
dimezzare	dimezzassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
deporre	deporreste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
imbussolare	imbussoli	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
abbelire	abbeliamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
metallizzare	metallizzeranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
acidare	acideremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
sportellare	sportellarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
sgomentarsi	si sgomentò	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
cernere	cernei	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
stingere	stinse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
tarlare	tarlassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
ridere	rideste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
abbioccarsi	vi abbioccavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
rinsaccare	rinsacchi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
ristuccare	ristucchi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
suolare	suoliamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
olezzare	olezzino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ronzare	ronzante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
riallacciarsi	ti riallacceresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
nascondersi	ti nascondi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
esterificare	esterificavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
sbrigarsi	si sbrigherebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
mansuefare	mansuefa	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
copiaincollare	copiaincolli	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
beccheggiare	beccheggiante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
pellettizzare	pellettizza	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
spollonare	spollonante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
sbatacchiare	sbatacchi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
stingersi	ci stingiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
scannarsi	ti scanneresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
titillare	titillaste	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;italian
naturaleggiare	naturaleggerei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
imperversare	imperversiamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
permettersi	si permetterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
appagare	appagava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
inasprire	inasprisse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
tonfare	tonfavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
impiparsene	se ne impipava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
internalizzare	internalizzerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
riabbonare	riabbonavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
addentrarsi	ti addentri	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
rallentarsi	ti rallenteresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
rincingere	rincingo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
disaggregare	disaggreghi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
rimboschire	rimboschii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
recarsi	vi rechereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
depolarizzare	depolarizzavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
ciclostilare	ciclostilerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
contorcersi	si contorceranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
sbandare	sbandavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
impattare	impattassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
microfilmare	microfilmiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
stropicciarsene	te ne stropicciavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
centellare	centellano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
cellofanare	cellofanereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
compromettersi	vi compromettiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
infreddarsi	ci infreddavamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
ottimizzare	ottimizzante	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
scoprirsi	scopriti	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
squilibrarsi	si squilibravano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
caratterizzarsi	ti caratterizzassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
acciaiare	acciaiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
succidere	succidete	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
appratire	appratisca	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
esterificare	esterificavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
arruvidire	arruvidito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
rindurire	rindurissi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
alitare	alitavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
rimpinguare	rimpingueremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
invitarsi	invitatevi	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
ristabilirsi	ti ristabilissi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
arrembare	arremba	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
disorientarsi	si disorientarono	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;italian
pescare	peschiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
accalappiare	accalappia	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
fischiettare	fischiettassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
disallineare	disallineammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
setificare	setificaste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
ingentilire	ingentiliamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
fosfatare	fosfaterete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
ancorarsi	ti ancori	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
esercire	esercimmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
relazionare	relazionasti	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;italian
polverizzarsi	si polverizzi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
giustapporre	giustapponevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
germinare	germina	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;italian
solennizzare	solennizzassimo	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;italian
scrocchiare	scrocchieresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
introdurre	introducevo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
darsela	mi do	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
trasmodare	trasmodassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
viaggiare	viaggi	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
permeare	permeerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
depurarsi	si depurava	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;italian
svestirsi	mi svesto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
retribuire	retribuirete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
infossare	infosserebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
rivaleggiare	rivaleggia	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
gallicizzare	gallicizzeresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
congelarsi	congelati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
rirompere	rirompiamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
impataccarsi	mi impataccavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
scapigliare	scapigliamo	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;italian
profferire	profferivate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
suonare	suoniamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
diplomarsi	si diplomi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
decantare	decantassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
aggrondarsi	si aggrondino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
infettarsi	infettarsi	V;NFIN;italian
ospedalizzare	ospedalizzerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
rifornire	rifornirebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
ulolare	ulolato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
svenire	sverremmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
solidarizzare	solidarizzare	V;NFIN;italian
stuprare	stupro	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
celiare	celi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
volturare	volturavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
inizializzare	inizializzai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
istituire	istituirebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
adorarsi	ti adori	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
artigliare	artigliamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
incarnirsi	si incarnì	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
zizzagare	zizzaghino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
escire	escisse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
attivare	attivi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
forfettizzare	forfettizzerebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
cointestare	cointesterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
scostare	scostassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
arrapare	arrapi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
intonare	intonammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
tabulare	tabulassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
strabuzzare	strabuzzando	V.CVB;PRS;italian
ingraziosire	ingraziosivamo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;italian
interrogare	interrogherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
provocarsi	si provocassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
metabolizzare	metabolizzereste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
adusare	adusato	V.PTCP;PST;italian
smascherarsi	vi smascheraste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
profilare	profiliamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
esimere	esimevi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
continuare	continuerebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
manducare	manduchi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
definire	definite	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
estrinsecarsi	si estrinsecavano	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;italian
ricomprare	ricomprammo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
sbicchierare	sbicchierai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;italian
riacciuffare	riacciufferò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
illustrare	illustriamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
riciclare	riciclano	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;italian
scandalizzarsi	scandalizziamoci	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
crucciare	crucciate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
scompisciarsi	ti scompisciavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
stereotipare	stereotipate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
rieseguire	rieseguireste	V;COND;2;PL;italian
redigere	redigessero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
persuadersi	mi persuaderò	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;italian
dardeggiare	dardeggi	V;POS;IMP;3;SG;italian
radicare	radicassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
residuare	residuavo	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;italian
disacidire	disacidiscano	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
ridivenire	ridivieni	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
sottoporsi	ti sottoporresti	V;COND;2;SG;italian
trapporre	trapponi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;italian
rasserenare	rassereniamo	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;italian
aocchiare	aocchiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
drappeggiarsi	si drappeggi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
riaccomodarsi	ti riaccomoderai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
lardare	larderemmo	V;COND;1;PL;italian
censurare	censurino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
sdrucire	sdruciranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
inumare	inumo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
esagitare	esagito	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
dimorare	dimora	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
preregistrare	preregistraste	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;italian
innastare	innasti	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
ricategorizzare	ricategorizzassero	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;italian
sciroppare	sciroppi	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;italian
riattivare	riattivo	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
sfregiare	sfregino	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;italian
frenarsi	si frenerà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
ricristallizzarsi	ti ricristallizzavi	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;italian
rifiggere	rifiggiate	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;italian
vedersi	si vedranno	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;italian
intenerire	intenerito	V.PTCP;PST;italian
palpare	palpasse	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;italian
insegnare	insegnassi	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;italian
brulicare	brulicherai	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;italian
accattivarsi	mi accattiverei	V;COND;1;SG;italian
osteggiare	osteggiamo	V;POS;IMP;1;PL;italian
chiudere	chiudente	V.PTCP;PRS;italian
ciattare	ciatterebbero	V;COND;3;PL;italian
raccontarsi	mi racconto	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;italian
scoraggire	scoraggirebbe	V;COND;3;SG;italian
assumere	assuma	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
hackerare	hackerate	V;POS;IMP;2;PL;italian
restringersi	vi restringerete	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;italian
intridere	intrise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;italian
attingere	attingemmo	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;italian
avvinazzarsi	avvinazzati	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;italian
soprintendere	soprintendere	V;NFIN;italian
ingarbugliare	ingarbuglino	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;italian
fiottare	fiottassi	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;italian
mesciare	mesci	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;italian
incassare	incassavate	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;italian
concernere	concerna	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;italian
riabitare	riabiterà	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;italian
prepuțial	prepuțialilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
cumplit	cumplitele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
contagios	contagioșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
carnivor	carnivorei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
șubred	șubrezii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
întreprinde	întreprinzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
mărgini	mărgineau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
ursoaică	ursoaicele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
întreține	a întreține	V;NFIN;romanian
olimpic	olimpic	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
răsuci	să răsucești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
măsura	măsoară	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
sculă	sculă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
hârtie	niște hârtii	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
conteni	a conteni	V;NFIN;romanian
împături	a împături	V;NFIN;romanian
întâmpla	să întâmplați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
delimitare	niște delimitări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
cunoaște	cunoscuși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
ierta	să iert	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
picta	pictarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
păgânătate	păgânătatea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
dispărea	dispar	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
ejacula	ejaculează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
amfibiu	amfibiu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
greu	greu	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
clocoti	să clocotească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
viitor	viitorurilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
narcotiza	narcotizarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
infix	infixele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
desface	nu desfaceți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
speria	sperie	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
urma	urmarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
frunzos	frunzoși	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
юби	юбисешь	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
elibera	eliberam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
mărita	măritasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
sorg	sorgul	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
înfierbânta	înfierbântați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
scriere	niște scrieri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
tinde	tinseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
mărinimos	mărinimoase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
brândușă	brândușelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
eterogen	eterogena	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
închipui	să închipuiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
înverzi	înverzește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
deșira	deșiram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
transforma	transformat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
săptămânal	săptămânalul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
muri	să murim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
fâșioară	fâșioarelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
slăbi	slăbisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
îmbuca	îmbucași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
deșira	deșirai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
îngriji	îngrijiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
petici	peticit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
lungi	lungiți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
înveli	înveliseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
operație	operațiile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
tuna	a tuna	V;NFIN;romanian
bețivan	bețivanule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
înfățișa	înfățișase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
conveni	conveniserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
milimetric	milimetricilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
așeza	așezaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
furnica	furnicaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
înavuți	înavuțirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
catran	catranurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
dezvolta	dezvolți	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
întuneca	întunecau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
îmbunătăți	îmbunătățiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
plăcea	să plăceți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
anatomie	anatomiile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
izgoni	izgonește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
împăra	împărezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
scânci	scânceam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
descheia	descheiați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
avorta	nu avortați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
huligan	huliganilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
blând	blânde	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
îndobitoci	nu îndobitociți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
înverșuna	a înverșuna	V;NFIN;romanian
petrece	nu petrece	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
cununa	cununaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
trăgăna	trăgănă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
misterios	misterios	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
dezice	să dezicem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
înfuleca	înfulecași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
amuți	amuțim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
rezema	rezemau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
sui	suiam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
urî	să urăști	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
alcătui	să alcătuiesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
termina	terminați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
somnambul	indefinite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
strânge	strânseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
batjocori	batjocoream	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
planta	plantați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
adjectiv	niște adjective	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
pupa	pupând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
screme	scremând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
custa	custam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
puță	niște puțe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
pătlăgea	pătlăgelelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
drăgălaș	drăgălașelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
viezure	niște viezuri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
brav	bravei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
aeroplan	aeroplanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
dușmăni	dușmănim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
memoriza	memorizaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
simți	simțiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
înnoda	înnodai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
irita	să irit	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
prescrie	prescriseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
împovăra	să împovăreze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
parc	parcule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
scurma	scurmai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
pornire	unei porniri	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
cuminți	cuminții	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
clătina	clatină	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
licurici	licuricilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
relua	reluat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
înfrunta	înfruntaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
gâdila	gâdilași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
urma	urmând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
împăna	să împănați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
șoricel	unui șoricel	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
antagonic	antagonice	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
raționalizabil	raționalizabilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
fonetic	foneticilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
călăreț	călăreților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
înceta	încetând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
mag	magilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
lalea	niște lalele	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
ocupa	ocupi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
scălda	scăldăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
amestecat	amestecate	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
dubios	dubios	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
cobai	cobailor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
mărunt	măruntelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
răscoace	răscoapseserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
împerechea	împerechind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
crizantemă	crizantemelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ataraxic	ataraxicele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
mânea	mâneau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
violetă	unei violete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
păun	păunilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
refeca	refecarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
dezvoltat	dezvoltaților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
închega	încheagă	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
binar	binarei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
zărgan	unui zărgan	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
suveran	suveranilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
cârnat	unui cârnat	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
dubla	dublând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
augura	să augurezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
visa	visau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
suspina	suspinați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
da la labă	dădu la labă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
vărsa	vărsași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
astronom	astronomilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
exotic	exoticul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
anglican	anglican	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ține	țin	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
distinge	distinseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
vinde	să vinzi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
porunci	porunciseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
persevera	perseverarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
voame	să vom	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
exista	nu existați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
afină	afinelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
încânta	încânta	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
îngâna	a îngâna	V;NFIN;romanian
ședea	ședeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
săruta	nu sărutați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
repauza	repauzați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
frământa	frământarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
topi	topim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
olimpic	olimpicele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
implica	să implic	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
vedea	văzuserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
împături	să împăturesc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
neașteptat	neașteptatului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
trăda	trădă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
scărpina	scărpinasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
arete	unui arete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
încorpora	încorporase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
garaj	garajelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
coopera	cooperaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
traductor	traductorule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
brăzda	brăzați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
arăta	arătam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
omogen	omogenul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
fostă	fostelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
parazită	parazită	N;VOC;SG;romanian
șir	unui șir	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
geam	geamurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
îmbuca	îmbuca	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
imposibilitate	imposibilitățile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
înșeua	înșeuați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
suci	suciserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
pieptăna	pieptănă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
șterge	șterserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
desprinde	desprindeai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
striga	să strigăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
aduce	să aduci	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
muced	muceda	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
ars	arsul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
aleatoriu	aleatoriului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
prezice	preziceai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
urbanizare	urbanizările	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
ascunde	ascund	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
timid	timizii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
pleca	plecasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
vulpoaică	vulpoaicelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
face	făceau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
toca	a toca	V;NFIN;romanian
descinge	descinge	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
pomet	pometurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
răbda	răbda	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
legăna	să legene	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
înfuleca	înfulecă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
persevera	perseverează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
curătură	curăturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
înfoia	înfoiarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
coti	cotești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
teme	temeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
fărâma	fărâmați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
tranzițional	tranziționalului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
răsfira	răsfirarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
tăios	tăioșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
vizibil	vizibilele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
maltez	maltezi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
părăsi	părăsim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
orb	indefinite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
teoric	teorică	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
întemeia	să întemeiez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
datora	datorați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
distinge	distingând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
slugări	slugărind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
îngălbeni	îngălbeneați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
liniști	să liniștești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
tăbăci	tăbăceau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
zbiera	să zbiere	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
cotropi	cotropea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
zbici	zbiceam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
întreține	întreținuse	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
face sex	făcuseși sex	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
cerceta	cercetați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
recupera	recuperam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
gudura	gudura	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
calendar	calendarelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
apăsa	apăsai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ferestrui	să ferestruiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
impune	impusese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
prăda	prădaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
citi	citesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
disponibil	disponibil	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
tinctura	nu tinctura	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
școală	școală	N;VOC;SG;romanian
nădăjdui	nu nădăjduiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
întinde	întinseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
cânta	nu cânta	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
coase	cusu	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
însoți	însoțiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
scorni	să scorniți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
închipui	închipuiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
geamăt	gemetele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
grătar	grătarelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aplica	aplicară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
terminație	terminațiilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ac	acule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
vânătă	unei vinete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
coase	să coasem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
răsuna	răsunai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
sfinți	sfințiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
diminua	diminuaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
general	niște generali	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
lărgi	să lărgești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
violet	violetul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
lin	linul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
susține	să susțină	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
roade	rosesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
codificat	codificaților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
înfăptui	înfăptuise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
esență	unei esențe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
loga	logarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
rescrie	rescriem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
implica	implică	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
supraviețui	să supraviețuiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
înveli	învelim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
arăduce	arăduce	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
supăra	supără	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
pluti	pluteau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
dospi	dospiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
îmbrăca	a îmbrăca	V;NFIN;romanian
înfuleca	să înfulece	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
împrăștia	să împrăștii	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
mijloci	mijlocește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
obliga	obligară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
caimac	unui caimac	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
creștin	creștinelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
adverbial	adverbial	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
închis	închise	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
excita	excitaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
uniformitate	uniformitatea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
scutura	scutură	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
mărunt	mărunt	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
stânjeni	stânjeneai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
lipi	lipi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
turba	turbaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
ierta	nu ierta	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
însoți	însoțesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
lebădă	niște lebede	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
colaborator	colaboratoarele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
preveni	prevenisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
stâng	stângi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
recunoaște	recunoscând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
june	junilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
da la muie	nu da la muie	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
blasfemie	blasfemiilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
dovleac	dovlecilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
petrece	petrecui	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
rescrie	rescriind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
canadian	definite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
însoți	însoțește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
sumete	să sumet	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
împroprietări	nu împroprietări	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
grăbi	grăbește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
trăda	trădară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
conifer	unui conifer	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
străvechi	străvechi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
invita	invită	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
învins	învinsă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
instant	instantului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
despica	despica	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
consta	constătuserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
analogic	analogicilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
amăgi	amăgiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
flămând	flămândelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
răzbuna	răzbunând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
înghiți	înghițeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
gândi	să gândim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
integral	integrala	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
caviar	caviarule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ademeni	ademenirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
macagiu	unui macagiu	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
rugi	rugim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
anal	anala	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
suveran	suverane	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
făgădui	făgăduiați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
liniști	nu liniști	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
sfârși	să sfârșești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
lubrifia	lubrifiași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
statuetă	unei statuete	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
acioaie	acioaie	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
spune	nu spuneți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
înjunghia	înjunghiați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
grație	grațiile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
făptui	făptuim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
dezvăța	dezvățași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
pilota	a pilota	V;NFIN;romanian
leoaică	unei leoaice	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
zbiera	zbieraserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
reciprocitate	reciprocitate	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
cheie	cheile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
apune	apuseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
excela	excelași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
masturba	masturbași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
însărcina	a însărcina	V;NFIN;romanian
dezavantaja	nu dezavantajați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
accelerație	accelerație	N;VOC;SG;romanian
prânzi	prânzesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
castel	castelele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
exagera	exageram	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
zgâria	zgâriaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
conteni	conteniserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
bea	bând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
rânză	rânzelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
transcrie	transcrieți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
pășuna	pășunaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
îngropa	îngropase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
apărea	apari	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
răscula	să răsculăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
parazitologie	parazitologiilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
luminos	luminoase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
whisky	whisky-urile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
jalnic	jalnic	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
ruina	ruinând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
dezgust	dezgustule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
ciufut	ciufute	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
urî	urâseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
perfect	perfecte	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
soporifer	soporifer	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
vrăji	vrăjeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
mijloci	mijlociseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
monocrom	monocromele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
pretențios	pretențiosului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
pretențios	pretențiosul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
frontieră	frontierele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
curge	curseseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
oficial	oficialelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
comun	comun	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
rabat	niște rabaturi	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
astronomie	astronomia	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
despica	să despice	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
soma	somarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
scălda	scald	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
goli	goleați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
împrejmui	împrejmuirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
ascunde	ascunsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
deretica	dereticați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
pupa	să pupe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
îngâmfa	să îngâmfăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
caimac	caimacule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
păpa	păpară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
tăbăci	tăbăceam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
cutremura	cutremurau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
încorona	încoronează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
mărunți	să mărunțim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
sta	să stea	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
scărpina	a scărpina	V;NFIN;romanian
înfierbânta	nu înfierbânta	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
tăcea	tăceți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
butoi	unui butoi	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
frământa	a frământa	V;NFIN;romanian
delicios	delicios	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
neașteptat	neașteptat	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
buciuma	buciumaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
aprins	aprinsa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
abandona	să abandonăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
porni	pornești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
contraveni	nu contraveni	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
activa	activase	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
prepoziție	prepozițiilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
dispărea	să dispăreți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cronic	cronici	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
albanez	albaneză	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
împrejura	împrejurară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
desfășa	desfășarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
guvernamental	guvernamentali	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
biochimic	biochimici	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
urî	urăsc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
aluminifer	aluminiferului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
conteni	contenii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
sfătui	sfătuiai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
cumpli	cumplise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
sorbi	nu sorbiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
purpuriu	purpuriul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
răsări	răsărirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
chițăi	chițăirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
angaja	să angajeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
eternitate	niște eternități	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
întrema	să întremez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
instabilitate	instabilitatea	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
treaptă	treptelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
durere	durerilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
glumi	glumește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
uimi	uimiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
gusta	a gusta	V;NFIN;romanian
șes	șeasă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
băși	bese	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
biochimic	biochimic	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
afurisi	afurisit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
măreț	mărețe	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
mânea	să mână	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
incomplet	incomplet	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
cășuna	cășunați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
duios	duioase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
ceașcă	ceașcă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
materialist	materialiștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
alăpta	alăptaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
suspensor	suspensori	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
îmbulzi	îmbulzește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
cotidian	cotidienei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
tenta	nu tentați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
larg	largi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
moașă	niște moașe	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
suprem	supremei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
pofticios	pofticioase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
creștinesc	creștinești	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
rezista	rezistai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
memorie	memoriilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
răcni	răcneam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
suprem	supreme	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
azvârli	azvârleau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
măcel	măcelurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
mătura	măturând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
deranja	să deranjezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
bou	boilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
ciocan	ciocanule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
imprima	imprimarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
speti	spetesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
dependent	dependentei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
norocos	norocosului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
îmbogăți	să îmbogățim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
prețui	prețuiește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
cuprins	cuprinșilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
dezlipi	dezlipi	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
pisa	să pisăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
înțepa	să înțep	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
cărăbuș	niște cărăbuși	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
flecar	flecarului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
iscăli	iscălise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
mașină	mașinilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
crăpa	crăpat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
rosti	rosteai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
lătra	lătră	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
libidinos	libidinoase	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
închina	închini	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
tanc	unui tanc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
strălucitor	strălucitorului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
scăpa	scapă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
simplifica	simplificai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
futangiu	niște futangii	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
arde	arserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
bardou	unui bardou	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
legăna	legănași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
trage	trageai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
sticlă	sticlelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
intim	intimele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
frâna	frânând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
tuna	tunați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
castaniu	castaniului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
înjunghia	înjunghiați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
interzice	interziseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
italiancă	italiencele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
venera	venerai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
teoric	teorica	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
râvni	să râvniți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
îndrăgosti	îndrăgostesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
gorun	gorunii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
crăpa	crăpaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
împroprietări	împroprietărit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
multipolar	multipolari	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
drege	să dregă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
iernatic	definite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
reînnoi	reînnoiră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
decide	decideai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
onoare	onorurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
contraveni	să contravină	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
urdina	să urdin	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
atotștiutor	atotștiutori	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
abacă	abacelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
afurisi	afuriseați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
aduce	adu	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
zăcământ	zăcămintele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
holba	holbezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
îmbia	îmbiam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
coreean	coreeanul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
aceră	acerele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
cina	cinezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
certa	certând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
gustare	gustărilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
mâzgăli	mâzgălesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
aține	aținând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
îngheța	să înghețe	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
sista	sistă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
palincă	palincilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
epuiza	epuizezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
limpezi	să limpeziți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
homosexualitate	homosexualitate	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
împăca	împăcaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
desfășa	să desfășați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
înlocui	înlocuirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
interveni	să intervenim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
originalitate	originalitate	N;VOC;SG;romanian
sfătui	sfătuiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
bara	să barăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
alăpta	alăptai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
vântura	a vântura	V;NFIN;romanian
amurg	amurgurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
furnica	furnicat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
brăzda	brăzam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
oglindi	oglindiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
sigur	sigurul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
tramvai	tramvaielor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
masiv	masivilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
scurt	scurtului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
amurg	amurgule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
învolbura	învolbur	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
adorabil	adorabilii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
sfat	sfaturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
slăvi	slăvirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
cioară	unei ciori	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
convingător	convingător	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
rinocer	rinocerule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
paralitic	paraliticului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
rugini	ruginește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
păgân	păgânule	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
înrădăcina	înrădăcinară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
hazliu	hazlii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
adânci	adâncim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
însenina	însenină	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
obține	obțineam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
homofobic	homofobici	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
întrebuința	întrebuințând	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
uni	unirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
expedia	nu expedia	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
înfrunzi	înfrunzesc	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
chin	unui chin	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
autobuz	autobuzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aciua	aciuat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
spera	să spere	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
răposa	răposează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
pofti	poftea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ațâța	ațâță	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
tată	taților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
înlătura	să înlăturați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
omorî	omorați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
piure	piureurilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
împleti	împleti	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
găsi	găsiseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
culege	culegeați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
lipici	lipiciurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
amaneta	să amanetezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
face	să faceți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
reține	să rețin	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
zăcea	zăceam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
jigni	jignise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
grăbi	să grăbești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
mașină	unei mașini	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
augura	augurați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
insulta	insultat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
sluji	slujiseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
spinos	spinoase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
aține	ații	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
trăi	trăiserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
zdrobi	zdrobiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
scrisoare	unei scrisori	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
însuflețire	niște însuflețiri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
unguresc	unguresc	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
întâmpina	întâmpinarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
masturba	masturbați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
cădea	cădeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
corci	să corcească	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
dezgheța	dezghețaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
dizolva	a dizolva	V;NFIN;romanian
dezrobi	dezrobeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
strănuta	să strănutăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
umbla	umblați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
serba	să serbez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
pica	pica	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
brutal	brutalelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
scăpăra	scăpărarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
sinistru	sinistru	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
tei	teii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
delict	niște delicte	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
anula	anulezi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
locui	locuiește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
acvatic	acvatică	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
baschet	unui baschet	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
orientare sexuală	niște orientări sexuale	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
usca	usca	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
curma	să curm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
proba	probai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
materialist	indefinite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
visa	visăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
săra	sărăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
logodi	logodind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
frământa	să frămânți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
înfășura	înfășurau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
dulap	dulapurile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
vizualiza	să vizualizeze	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
lalea	lalelelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
arogant	arogante	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
răbda	rabzi	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
înrudi	să înrudim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
aspirină	unei aspirine	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
halucina	halucină	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
inunda	inundă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
descompune	descompuneți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
atlantic	atlantice	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
orizont	orizonturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
plajă	plajele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
trăsni	trăsnește	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
extrage	extraseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
zăcământ	zăcămintelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
simți	simții	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
pilota	să pilotăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
urzi	urzise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
adeveri	să adeveresc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
plivi	nu plivi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
vântura	vânturați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
înfierbânta	să înfierbânte	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
atinge	atinserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
înierba	înierbarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
custa	custau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
prim	primilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
împroprietări	împroprietărea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
păsăresc	păsăreștilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
negustor	negustorule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
cerne	cernuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
țeapăn	țepene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
hotar	unui hotar	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
speti	nu spetiți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
pădure	niște păduri	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
mânia	mâniasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
înconjura	să înconjurăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
descoperi	să descoperi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
pictură	picturilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
destrăbăla	a destrăbăla	V;NFIN;romanian
adăpa	adăpai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
ațâța	ațâțai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
transforma	transformai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
lăcrima	lăcrimaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
andorran	andorrana	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
legal	legali	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
indisponibil	indisponibilii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
însori	însoreau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
răgușit	răgușit	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
specific	specifică	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
adorabil	adorabili	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
da la labă	dăduse la labă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
refuza	refuzai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
continuu	continue	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
coti	cotirăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
pumnal	pumnalule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
anina	aninaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;romanian
induce	să inducă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
copia	copiem	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
încânta	a încânta	V;NFIN;romanian
arșiță	arșițelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
forja	forjați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
despica	despicară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
eterogen	eterogenei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
expedia	expedia	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
ghida	ghidat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
țap	țapilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
înfige	înfigeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
întina	întinați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
spulbera	nu spulbera	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
șchiopăta	șchiopătasem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
secera	secerăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
influența	influențară	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;romanian
apetisant	apetisantului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
înverșuna	înverșunăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
azalee	azaleelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
luci	lucind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
lichid	lichid	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
echidnă	echidnă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
burtos	burtoaselor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
stradă	stradă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
scărpina	nu scărpinați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
încrede	încredeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
descuia	descuiarăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
înnopta	înnoptai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
deschide	deschiseserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
încărunți	a încărunți	V;NFIN;romanian
uda	udă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
lăcrimos	lăcrimoasa	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
lua în seamă	lua în seamă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
depăra	depărarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
neguța	neguțăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
dezvolta	dezvoltai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
sexy	sexy	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
irita	irit	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
împunge	împunsese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
injecta	să injectați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
singur	singurii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
amărî	amărâserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
îndura	îndurarăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
lingvistic	lingvistici	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
îndobitoci	nu îndobitoci	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
tranzitiv	tranzitivi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
influența	să influențez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
limpezi	limpezirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
necomutabil	necomutabilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
meriza	meriză	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
fertil	fertilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
stricat	stricata	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
sandviș	sandvișurilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aduce	să aduceți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
lua	să ia	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
crede	crede	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
bulevard	unui bulevard	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
răsfira	răsfirăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
aluneca	alunecă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
cântări	cântărește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
izbi	izbește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
închega	închegați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
îmbătat	îmbătaților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
declina	să decline	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;romanian
înrădăcina	înrădăcinați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
orgasm	orgasmele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
seduce	să seduc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
ruga	rog	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
îmbuca	să îmbuci	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
chilot	chiloților	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
nudism	nudismului	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
împodobi	împodobiși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
zbârci	zbârcește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
descoperi	descoperise	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
daltă	niște dălți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
dăpăra	dăpărau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
râde	râdeți	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
agrișă	unei agrișe	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
căsători	să căsătoresc	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
înnoi	să înnoim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
împunge	împunge	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
bășica	bășicat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
socoti	socotiserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
bijuterie	niște bijuterii	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
supăra	supăraserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
amuți	amuțisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
băși	să bășiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
sfâșia	sfâșiai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
servi	servirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
rămâne	rămaserăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
luci	luciși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
distruge	distrusese	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;romanian
căpățânos	căpățânos	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
dospi	nu dospi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
critic	criticul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
bănui	a bănui	V;NFIN;romanian
simboliza	simbolizează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
îndesa	îndeși	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
mic	mici	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
scăpa	scăpam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
urbanizare	niște urbanizări	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
risipi	să risipiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
prun	prunilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
supraveghea	supraveghea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
documenta	documentați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
spin	spinilor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
ceramică	ceramicele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
buchet	buchetelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
deprimat	deprimați	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
îmbărbăta	să îmbărbătăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
rotire	rotire	N;VOC;SG;romanian
stingheri	să stingherești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
aplica	aplic	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
deretica	dereticași	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;romanian
invizibil	invizibilul	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
cumpăta	cumpătează	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
omenie	omenie	N;VOC;SG;romanian
șantajistă	șantajistelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
înfuria	înfuriam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
atac	atacule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
nebuni	nebunea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
preveni	preveniseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
dobândi	dobândeam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
dirigui	diriguiți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
apărea	apăreți	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
burtos	burtosului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
bulgăresc	bulgărești	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
șușui	șușuii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
învălura	învălura	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
străvechi	străvechi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
dansa	să dansăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
îndrăzni	nu îndrăzniți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
dezbina	dezbinați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
agest	agesturile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
mediocru	mediocrele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
înlesni	înlesnești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
brândușă	brândușă	N;VOC;SG;romanian
creștinesc	creștineștii	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
jindui	jinduind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
zdrobi	zdrobit	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
renova	să renovezi	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
frunză	frunză	N;VOC;SG;romanian
scufunda	scufundaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
obscur	obscure	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
morfologie	morfologiei	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
nebuni	să nebuniți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
slovac	definite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
rupt	ruptei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
angaja	angajați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
întreg	niște întregi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
anima	animați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
capitula	capitulai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
civiliza	civiiza	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
canicular	canicularilor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
vitreg	vitregele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
îngâna	îngână	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
aminti	amintesc	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
pișa	pișaseră	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;romanian
gâdila	să gâdilăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
scânteia	scânteiați	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;romanian
întinge	întinseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
actor	actorule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
mulțime	mulțime	N;VOC;SG;romanian
nimeri	nimerirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
buluci	a buluci	V;NFIN;romanian
cinge	nu cingeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
rupe	a rupe	V;NFIN;romanian
prânzi	nu prânziți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
zgâi	zgâiau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
masculin	masculini	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
introduce	să introducă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
boci	boci	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
mincinos	mincinoasei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
mamut	niște mamuți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
răsuci	răsuciserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
trezi	nu treziți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
săgeată	niște săgeți	N;NOM/ACC;SG;INDF;romanian
scurge	scurserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;romanian
văduvi	văduvim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
congela	să congelez	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
curma	să curme	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
mirandeză	mirandeze	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
robi	robii	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
abdica	abdică	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
descurca	descurcaserăți	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;romanian
deplasa	să deplasați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
uman	definite articulation	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
vântos	vântos	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
întoarce	întorsesem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
mește	mescusem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
real	real	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
tărăgăna	tărăgănai	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;romanian
încerca	încercați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
căpriță	căprițelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
aprig	aprigi	ADJ;NOM/ACC;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
îndepărta	îndepărtează	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
umili	umilirăm	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;romanian
reflectat	reflectat	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
amfibian	amfibianule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
uimitor	uimitoarei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
iluzie	iluziile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
dăuna	să dăunați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
rețea	unei rețele	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
dezuni	să dezunești	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;romanian
coase	să coasă	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
explica	să explic	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
naiv	naivei	ADJ;DAT/GEN;NEUT;SG;DEF;romanian
instant	instanților	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;DEF;romanian
sparge	sparseseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
halva	halvalelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
înzestra	înzestrau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
murmura	murmurați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
face labă	a face labă	V;NFIN;romanian
întrerupe	nu întrerupeți	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
abager	abagerule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
închega	închegaseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
lăbărțat	lăbărțată	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
scorni	scornești	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;romanian
munci	muncisem	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;romanian
flaur	flaurelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
zburda	zburdam	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;romanian
așteptare	așteptărilor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
plăti	plătește	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
fericit	fericite	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
dimineață	unei dimineți	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
liniști	liniștim	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
traduce	traduceai	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;romanian
planetar	planetarelor	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;DEF;romanian
zbura	nu zburați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
examen	examenelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
mâță	mâțele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
misterios	misterios	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
lingvistic	lingvistice	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
gâmba	să gâmbăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
rotunjit	rotunjitului	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;DEF;romanian
pupa	pupau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
avion	avioanelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
circumscrie	circumscriați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
desfășura	desfășură	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;romanian
britanic	britanic	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
umbla	umblați	V;POS;IMP;3;PL;romanian
prelungi	nu prelungi	V;NEG;IMP;2;SG;romanian
zice	zi	V;POS;IMP;2;SG;romanian
fijian	fijiene	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;INDF;romanian
satisface	satisfăcea	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;romanian
aminti	să amintiți	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
simplu	simplă	ADJ;NOM/ACC;NEUT;SG;INDF;romanian
neregal	neregalele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
valah	valahi	ADJ;DAT/GEN;FEM;SG;INDF;romanian
trombon	tromboanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
spăla	spăl	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;romanian
sufleca	suflecă	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;romanian
valsa	valsat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
risca	riscăm	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;romanian
avantaj	avantajele	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
uni	a uni	V;NFIN;romanian
ierta	a ierta	V;NFIN;romanian
venezuelean	venezuelenele	ADJ;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
argilos	argiloase	ADJ;DAT/GEN;PL;INDF;romanian
naște	născuseși	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;romanian
spera	să sperăm	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
deștept	deștept	ADJ;DAT/GEN;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
purcede	să purced	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;romanian
păcătui	să păcătuiască	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;romanian
tâmplar	tâmplarii	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
obține	obțineam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
cumpăni	să cumpănim	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;romanian
prăbuși	prăbușeau	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;romanian
lungi	lungeam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;romanian
suflet	sufletule	N;VOC;SG;romanian
slăvi	slăvind	V.CVB;PRS;romanian
telefon	telefoanelor	N;VOC;PL;romanian
rezista	rezistă	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;romanian
buză	buzelor	N;GEN/DAT;PL;DEF;romanian
mura	murat	V.PTCP;PST;romanian
exterior	exterior	ADJ;NOM/ACC;MASC;SG;INDF;romanian
aluneca	să alunecați	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;romanian
imprecație	imprecațiile	N;NOM/ACC;PL;DEF;romanian
porc	unui porc	N;GEN/DAT;SG;INDF;romanian
aiura	nu aiurați	V;NEG;IMP;3;PL;romanian
chema	chemați	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;romanian
invincibilis	invincibilibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
ratiocinativus	ratiōcinātīva	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
scutula	scutulae	N;DAT;SG;latin
arbitrium	arbitria	N;VOC;PL;latin
solutissimus	solutissimā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
adjugo	adjugābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
abolefacio	abolēfēcērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
cultissimus	cultissimō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
uligo	ūlīginibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
orichalcum	orichalcum	N;NOM;SG;latin
adsigno	adsignābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
exsaturo	exsaturābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
allicio	alliciar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
cudo	cūduntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
drappus	drappī	N;VOC;PL;latin
remulceo	remulcērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
praeconius	praecōniī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
byssinus	byssinō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
divello	dīvellissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
obstrepo	obstreperēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
inrideo	inrīdēbitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
permolestus	permolestās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
ulterior	ulteriōra	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
furcifer	furciferō	N;DAT;SG;latin
spurcissimus	spurcissimam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
inquisitor	inquīsītōrēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
intercalarius	intercalāriī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
fuscitarsis	fuscitarse	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
pampinarius	pampināria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
acroscopicus	acroscopica	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
actinopetalus	actinopetalō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
progigno	prōgignēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
deflecto	dēflectuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
amsterdamensis	amsterdamēnsēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
adversissimus	adversissima	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
dementissimus	dēmentissimum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
vastissimus	vastissimōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
inflecto	īnflectēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
virido	viridābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
odoro	odōrābat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
inconcinnus	inconcinnō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
perpusillus	perpusillum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
volucris	volucrī	N;DAT;SG;latin
alascensis	alascensēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
adclaro	adclārāvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
testator	testātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
autumo	autument	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
dirimo	dirimētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
adlaudo	adlaudābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
iniquus	inīquā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
frustulentus	frustulenta	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
organizo	organizārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
anteverto	anteverterēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
portitor	portitōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
destituo	dēstitue	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
deiero	dēierāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
eucharis	eucharī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
judico	jūdicābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
idoneus	idōneum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
agguberno	aggubernā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
illudo	illūderēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
pupilla	pūpillās	N;ACC;PL;latin
circumspicio	circumspiciātur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
diiudico	dīiūdicem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
inpertio	inpertīverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
opero	operāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
albulus	albulum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
compunctio	compunctiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
moto	mōtāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
instabilio	instabilīverātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
hypotheca	hypothēca	N;VOC;SG;latin
inservio	īnservīvērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
retrudo	retrūserās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
rupico	rupicōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
inopinatus	inopīnātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
azoricus	azoricī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
putidissimus	pūtidissimī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
longimanus	longimanum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
perbonus	perbonī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
adulterium	adulterium	N;ACC;SG;latin
prudentissimus	prūdēntissimī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
obarmo	obarmās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
superextendo	superextenduntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
praelongus	praelongae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
infligo	īnflīgēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
allino	allinitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
obtendo	obtendimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
assevero	assevēret	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
informis	īnfōrmibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
studiosior	studiōsiōrēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
apo	aperēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
fiscina	fiscinae	N;GEN;SG;latin
abrodo	abrōdātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
apputo	apputāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
grunnio	grunniēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
escendo	ēscendō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
reformo	refōrmāvissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
rectangulus	rectangulī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
clausum	clausō	N;DAT;SG;latin
mediaevalis	mediaevālēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
declamito	dēclāmitēris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
masculetum	masculētōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
flexuosus	flexuōsī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
exiguum	exiguum	N;NOM;SG;latin
consolativus	consōlātīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
meticulosus	meticulōsōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
luxuria	luxuriae	N;GEN;SG;latin
triplico	trīplicāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
delingo	dēlinxissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
adigo	adigēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
igneus	igneārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
meditabundus	meditābundum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
villaticus	villāticō	N;ABL;SG;latin
resumo	resūmpserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
glorifico	glōrificāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
retego	retegent	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
stipatio	stīpātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
inclamo	inclāmāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
hibix	hibīx	N;VOC;SG;latin
diabeticorus	diabeticorō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
defigo	dēfīxerīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
duratio	dūrātiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
coangusto	coangustārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
polulus	pōlulōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
imperitia	imperītiās	N;ACC;PL;latin
adspicio	adspiciēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
anisoplia	anisopliae	N;NOM;PL;latin
inpero	inperēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
arithmeticus	arithmētica	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deversorium	dēversōriīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
detondeo	dētondērētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
praeverto	praeverteret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
callidior	callidiōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
magnanimus	magnanimī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
supersemino	supersēmināvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
anaglyphus	anaglyphārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
incedo	incessit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
addenso	addēnser	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
impunis	impūnēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
imitatio	imitātiōnēs	N;VOC;PL;latin
iumentum	iūmentum	N;NOM;SG;latin
exsurgo	exsurrexerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
ancillula	ancillulārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
aragonensis	aragonēnsī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
cenito	cēnitābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
facinus	facinoribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
sugillo	sūgillāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
regero	regesseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
decisio	dēcīsiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
pertristis	pertrīstēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
denego	dēnegēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
canorus	canōra	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
venefica	venēficam	N;ACC;SG;latin
obscurior	obscūriōrēs	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
propitio	propitiāverīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
undulo	undulābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
interior	interiōribus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
abligurrio	abligūrrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
prolecto	prōlectēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
penultimus	pēnultimī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
iubilo	iūbilābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
comosus	comōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
humecto	humectātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
hypogaeus	hypogaea	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
revinco	revincimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
operosior	operōsiōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
paganicus	pāgānicī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
addecimo	addecimēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
integellus	integellum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
exsuflo	exsuflāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
iaspachates	iaspachātīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
excubo	excubāre	V;NFIN;latin
austrinus	austrīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
persibus	persibārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
pudeo	pudērentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
retardo	retardārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
obtrectatio	obtrectātō	N;VOC;SG;latin
profundo	prōfundēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
lituanus	lituānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ninguis	ninguēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
thracius	thrācium	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
rubellus	rubellum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
ammisceo	ammiscuerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
humecto	humectāvimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
bilobatus	bilobātum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
quantuscumque	quantacumque	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
canutus	cānūtō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
superscribo	superscrībēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
huangshanensis	huangshanensibus	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
perstrictio	perstrictiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
meracus	merācī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
lucidissimus	lūcidissima	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
inflexilis	inflexile	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
pergamentum	pergamentum	N;NOM;SG;latin
iturensis	iturensibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
intono	intonābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
junix	jūnīcis	N;GEN;SG;latin
cachinnus	cachinnōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
incutio	incusserītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
inverecundus	inverēcundum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
renuncio	renunciāverimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;PRF;latin
aurifluus	aurifluī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
impennis	impennia	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
dissolutissimus	dissolutissima	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
adsimulo	adsimulāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
peculiaris	pecūliāre	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
circumplecto	circumplectēbar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
mulsum	mulsum	N;ACC;SG;latin
viceregnum	vicerēgnī	N;GEN;SG;latin
plodo	ploserim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
amplio	ampliāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
inpolitus	inpolīte	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
ephoebus	ephoebīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
cellarium	cellāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
actito	āctitāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
allecto	allectant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
arcto	arctāvit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
adcurro	adcurrerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
herbarius	herbāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
insanio	īnsāniāmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
chmericus	chmericō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
annutrio	annūtrīte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
circumscribo	circumscrīpserit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
sandakanensis	sandakanensia	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
napus	nāpī	N;NOM;PL;latin
nasciturus	nāscitūrum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
multiplicativus	multiplicātivō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
inscitus	īnscītīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
subsigno	subsignāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
sapidus	sapidō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
nubianus	nubianī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
purpuratus	purpurātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
dissentio	dissēnsissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
aenus	aēnōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
comprobo	comprobāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
contemno	contempserint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
delibuo	dēlibueritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
paronomasia	paronomasiīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
pulpa	pulpās	N;ACC;PL;latin
iussio	iussiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
summoneo	summoneātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
adamo	adamāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
aduno	adūnāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
curculio	curculiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
conplico	conplicāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
summoneo	summonēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
zygia	zygia	N;NOM;SG;latin
succinericius	succinerīciōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
inflammo	īnflammābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
objectivus	ōbjectīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
inclitus	inclitārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
actinacanthus	actinacanthum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
basium	bāsiōrum	N;NOM;PL;latin
Mediolatinus	Mediolatīnōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
coloro	colōrābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
innutrio	innūtrīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
malevolus	malevolō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
coruletum	corulētīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
bucculentus	bucculentōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
catechumenus	catēchūmenum	N;ACC;SG;latin
elixus	ēlixā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
divendo	dīvēndiminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
appeto	appetit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
tonsorius	tonsōrium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
anaglyfus	anaglyfa	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
agguberno	aggubernāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
obarmo	obarmātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
troco	trocāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
restauro	rēstaurābitis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
subplico	subplicārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
discalis	discālis	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
percieo	perciēbor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
destituo	dēstituerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
adductus	adductī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
perhaurio	perhauseram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
corrector	correctōrēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
invisitatus	invīsitātās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
Sibylla	Sibyllīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
amuletum	amulētō	N;ABL;SG;latin
obco	obcāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
exsuscito	exsuscitābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
hibridus	hibrida	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
coagmento	coagmentat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
bullo	bullāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
cebuanus	cēbuānum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
incingo	incīnxerātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
infusco	īnfuscat	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
repercutio	repercusserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
praesumptio	praesumptiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
pestifer	pestiferī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
puniceus	pūniceam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
maestior	maestior	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
serus	sērā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
addenso	addēnsant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
decoro	decorābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
comperendino	comperendinārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
refocilo	refocilem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
libella	lībellīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
declamito	dēclāmitābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
brevicornis	brevicornem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
surripio	surripiminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
mansueto	mansuētāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
sexus	sexuum	N;GEN;PL;latin
corresuscito	corresuscitāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
redimio	redimiēbāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
reaedifico	reaedificātor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
genuflecto	genūflectāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
volaticus	volāticae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
opulentitas	opulentitātibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
acerbior	acerbius	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
adripio	adriperet	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
longicornis	longicornēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
rabula	rabula	N;VOC;SG;latin
spinulifer	spīnuliferō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
adtero	adterēbātur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
redintegro	redintegrārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
badisso	badissāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
ejaculatio	ējaculātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
terriloquus	terriloquā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
sphera	sphera	N;NOM;SG;latin
abacino	abacinārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
assiduus	assidua	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
biliosus	bīliōsa	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
depango	dēpangimur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
publico	pūblicābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
abligurio	abligūrītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
tubulus	tubulīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
dulcifer	dulciferum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
visitatio	vīsitātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
exitiabilis	exitiābilibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
adsimilo	adsimilābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
inpendo	inpendit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
caeterus	caeterīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
oppignero	oppignerās	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
pinnula	pinnulae	N;DAT;SG;latin
semimarinus	sēmimarīnī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
mimicus	mīmicum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
commictus	commictam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
oxoniensis	oxoniēnsia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
lecticarius	lectīcāriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
reageo	reageō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
imperitus	imperītī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
obambulo	obambulāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
subterseco	subtersecābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
afroasiaticus	afroasiaticī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
cognitio	cognitiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
evello	ēvellit	V;IND;PRS;3;SG;latin
talampayensis	talampayensia	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
genuinus	genuīnīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
ranunculus	rānunculī	N;GEN;SG;latin
innuo	innuerītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
pelvis	pelve	N;ABL;SG;latin
praetento	praetentāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
notorius	nōtōria	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
indormio	indormīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
annutrio	annūtriēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
gravito	gravitāveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
inflammo	īnflammārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
oscoumbricus	oscoumbrica	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
trunculatus	trunculata	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
transcribo	trānscrībitis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
macero	mācerāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
disiunctivus	disiunctīvōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
galeatus	galeātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
mespilum	mespila	N;ACC;PL;latin
divergeo	divergērēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
transfigo	trānsfīgerēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
prorumpo	prōrūperint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
infusco	īnfuscābāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
exagito	exagitārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
convictio	convīctiōnum	N;GEN;PL;latin
adjunctivus	adjunctīvum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
maceo	maceātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
aenitologium	aenitologiōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
saburro	saburrābunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
vimineus	vīmineum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
iaculatrix	iaculātrīcēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
auditio	audītiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
obtusifolius	obtusifolie	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
eupetalos	eupetalō	N;ABL;SG;latin
incommodissimus	incommodissimārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
destructivus	dēstructīvā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
rator	ratōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
Saturnus	Sāturnīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
floridulus	flōridula	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
zanga	zangīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
velo	vēlābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
percalefacio	percalefīēbant	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
impersonalis	impersōnāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
velocitas	vēlōcitātem	N;ACC;SG;latin
plagula	plagulīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
adsigno	adsignāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
consignatio	cōnsignātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
baroptenus	baroptenī	N;NOM;PL;latin
obstringo	obstrinxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
nitibundus	nītibundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
annualis	annuālium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
intondeo	intondistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
fuscipennis	fuscipennēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
ficarius	fīcāriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
pervalidus	pervalida	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
decoratio	decoratiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
succulentus	succulenta	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
phantasicus	phantasicum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
centuplus	centūpla	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
annulicornis	annulicorne	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
praecludo	praeclūdimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
inconspicuus	inconspicuā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
perfunctorius	perfunctōriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
adsimulo	adsimulārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
obtusus	obtūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
nitidissimus	nitidissimīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
anjerensis	anjerensibus	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
abolefacio	abolēfīat	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
inaquosus	inaquōsārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
approno	apprōnābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
absolutorius	absolūtōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
oklahomensis	oklahomensī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
pedunculus	pedunculī	N;GEN;SG;latin
adtentus	adtentae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
prospecto	prospectārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
bibliothecarius	bibliothēcāriī	N;NOM;PL;latin
defessus	dēfessīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
integrifolius	integrifolia	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
proveho	prōvexerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
facesso	facessimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
commanduco	commandūcāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
purpuratus	purpurātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
subtilitas	subtīlitātum	N;GEN;PL;latin
volturius	volturiī	N;VOC;PL;latin
minatorius	minātōriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
extrudo	extrūserit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;PRF;latin
vivifico	vīvificantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
dimitto	dīmīsērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
duellicus	duellicō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
nefarius	nefāriam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
conpectum	conpectum	N;ACC;SG;latin
inputo	inputāre	V;NFIN;latin
supradico	suprādīcuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
accendo	accenditur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
sevoco	sēvocāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
conloco	conlocā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
jaculatorius	jaculātōriās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
constupro	constuprāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
factiosus	factiōsō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
subplico	subplicābāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
exsanguis	exsanguī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
sulcirostris	sulcirostria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
contexo	contexitor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
registrum	registrō	N;ABL;SG;latin
infreno	īnfrēnātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
danisticus	danistīce	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
vestimentum	vestīmentum	N;NOM;SG;latin
inmisceo	inmiscēbiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
adnuntio	adnūntiābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
animadverto	animadvertuntor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
adcelero	adcelerēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
condecerno	condēcernēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
ejicio	ējiceret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
emolumentum	ēmolumentum	N;ACC;SG;latin
septangulus	septangulās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
noscito	nōscitārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
coarguo	coarguēmus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
suffulcio	suffulcīmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
pisto	pistāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
allecto	allectāveram	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
dinosco	dīnoscāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
petitor	petītōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
vagabundus	vagābundum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
exsupero	exsuperārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
trochoideus	trochoideīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
longicaudus	longicauda	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
deminuo	dēminuī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
subdivido	subdīvīserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
surrogo	surrogārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
semimadidus	sēmimadidīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
demergo	dēmergerēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
extispicium	extispicia	N;VOC;PL;latin
talarius	tālāriō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
trimus	trīmōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
cuncto	cunctō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
obiectio	obiectiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
alatus	ālātō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
impinguo	impinguārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
oecologia	oecologiīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
peninsularis	pēninsulāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
farcio	farciētur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
fulmino	fulminem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
theca	thēca	N;NOM;SG;latin
opertorium	opertōriō	N;ABL;SG;latin
supercerto	supercertāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
apsorbeo	apsorbētis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
celeuma	celeuma	N;ACC;SG;latin
testatior	testātiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
dimidius	dīmidia	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
lithuanicus	lithuanicum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
ancora	ancorīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
aegrotus	aegrōta	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
injungo	injungere	V;NFIN;latin
obstringo	obstringet	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
formosanus	formosanus	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
seditiosissimus	sēditiōsissimō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
anapaestus	anapaesta	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
fertilis	fertilēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
triandrus	triandrī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
valentianus	valentianī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
hodiernus	hodiernī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
conoideus	cōnoideīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
dulcifer	dulciferī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
mediterraneus	mediterrāneō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
surrumpo	surrūpisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
fluxior	fluxiōre	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
nana	nāna	N;VOC;SG;latin
adtraho	adtraherēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
bipalmus	bipalmī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
jentaculum	jēntāculōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
artemon	artemōnibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
reinvito	reinvītābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
suspiciosus	suspiciosae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
gratifico	grātificāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
wallicus	wallica	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
deiero	dēierābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
havanensis	havanensēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
comprobo	comprobāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
accommodatissimus	accommodātissimum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
subscribo	subscrībar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
epops	epopēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
reprimo	reprimēbās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
permadefacio	permadefēcerat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
galaticus	galaticī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
aequilavium	aequilaviīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
argentifolius	argentifolius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
scoria	scōriīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
anularius	ānulāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
abligurrio	abligūrriantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
muticus	muticōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
veneticus	veneticīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
projicio	prōjiciāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
promulgo	prōmulgāverō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
caprinus	caprīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
ballistarius	ballistāriī	N;VOC;PL;latin
subintro	subintrārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
contristo	contristābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
aculeolatus	aculeolata	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
obsolesco	obsolēscerer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
provolo	prōvolābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
pestibilis	pestibilium	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
ovinus	ovīnī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
satsumensis	satsumense	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
cultissimus	cultissimā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
acclaro	acclārārer	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
denoto	dēnotāre	V;NFIN;latin
efflagito	efflāgitārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
ingenero	ingenerārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
obtundo	obtuderīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
perpendicularis	perpendiculāria	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
saburro	saburrāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
perluo	perluerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
aucto	auctābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
impollutus	impollūtam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
chirurgius	chīrurgie	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
maltho	malthābant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
luno	lūnābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
instauro	īnstaurāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
tremefacio	tremefacimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
truculentus	truculentam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
praemunio	praemūniāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
suffrago	suffrāgāre	V;NFIN;latin
vinolentus	vīnolentōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
conlaudo	conlaudātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
coambulo	coambulāverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
inunguo	inunxerās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
urealyticus	urealyticā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
avoco	āvocantō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
interseco	intersecunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
dirumpo	dīrumpēbāmur	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
regeneratio	regenerātiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
vaccula	vacculīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
ultimo	ultimet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
nefastus	nefāstum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
asso	assāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
adplumbo	adplumbābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
magnicristatus	magnicristatōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
moralitas	mōrālitātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
occupatissimus	occupātissimōrum	ADJ;GEN;MASC;PL;latin
proveho	prōvehentur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
adclino	adclīnor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
ingenero	ingenerāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
comprobator	comprobātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
noscito	nōscitāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
emundo	ēmundēmus	V;SBJV;PRS;1;PL;latin
coincido	coincīdistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
appretio	appretiāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
liricen	liricinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
acia	aciīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
impudentior	impudentius	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
pulcher	pulchrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
cubiculum	cubiculīs	N;GEN;PL;latin
exardeo	exarsissent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
gracilentus	gracilentī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
triplico	trīplicāre	V;NFIN;latin
pampineus	pampineae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
amatrix	amātrīcis	N;GEN;SG;latin
consecro	cōnsecrāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
jacio	jēcerīs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
echinatus	echinātī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
amentissimus	āmentissimō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
scythicus	scythicī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
deploro	dēplōrābō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
remotior	remōtiōrēs	ADJ;VOC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
torculo	torculārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
erysithales	erysithalem	N;ACC;SG;latin
retrospicio	retrōspiciēbam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
libamen	lībāmen	N;ACC;SG;latin
ananassus	ananassās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
nubivagus	nūbivagī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
liniger	līnigera	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
trisetus	trisētum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
boarius	boāriae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
conspicillatus	conspicillātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
ablaqueo	ablaqueārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
Cajetanus	Cājētānās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
inconfusus	incōnfūse	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
superimpendo	superimpendēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
parturio	parturiēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
optimus	optimīs	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
zootrophion	zootrophion	N;NOM;SG;latin
atrioventricularis	atrioventriculāria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
conquasso	conquassārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
carcinophagus	carcinophagī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
coherceo	cohercuimus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
locupletissimus	locuplētissimī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
cornicen	cornicinibus	N;DAT;PL;latin
crebritudo	crēbritūdine	N;ABL;SG;latin
interjungo	interjungēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
circueo	circuīrēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
cognomino	cognōmināberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
subverso	subversāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
assumo	assūmēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
factiosus	factiōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
elaboro	ēlabōrābātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
conlido	conlīde	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
adspergo	adspergerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
nonnullus	nōnnūlle	ADJ;VOC;MASC;SG;latin
explicatio	explicātiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
digitifer	digitiferō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
lenior	lēnius	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
gluttio	gluttītō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
chaldaeicus	chaldaeicīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
anhelo	anhēlāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
orthogonius	orthogōnium	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
commonefacio	commonefīs	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
nemorivagus	nemorivagōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
pandia	pandīa	N;VOC;SG;latin
exsurgo	exsurgēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
relevo	relevābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
recurvo	recurvāret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
expergo	expergitur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
attributrix	attribūtrīcum	N;GEN;PL;latin
illatio	illātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
expiatio	expiātiōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
anniversarius	anniversāriā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ducenarius	ducēnāria	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
arabicus	arabicōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
luctuosus	luctuōsīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
ignio	igniunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
rutilo	rutilābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
suffulcio	suffulciātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
serbocroaticus	serbocroaticī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
praetondeo	praetondēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
desiccatio	dēsiccātiōnēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
petraeus	petraea	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
succenseo	succēnsēbunt	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;latin
floccosus	floccosās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
exscribo	exscrīpsistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
conporto	conportāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
oscito	oscitābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
suppedito	suppeditāverāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
enumero	ēnumerāvissēs	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
degluttio	dēgluttiēbātis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
restauro	rēstaurō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
cotho	cōthōnem	N;ACC;SG;latin
inlecebra	inlecebrārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
conseco	cōnsecārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
adrideo	adrīdear	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
liberalior	līberāliōra	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
obiurgo	obiūrgārēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
Venerivagus	Venerivagās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
melliger	melligerās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
pabo	pabōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
Scotus	Scōtō	N;DAT;SG;latin
loquacissimus	loquācissimum	ADJ;ACC;MASC;SG;latin
imaginosus	imāginōsa	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
ridiculus	rīdiculī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
propono	prōpōnerem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
desaevio	dēsaevītor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
abolefacio	abolēfaciētis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;latin
pretio	pretiem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
appellator	appellātōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
pisto	pistāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
defaeco	dēfaecāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
glutamicus	glutamicās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
internosco	internoscerēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
thyrsiger	thyrsigerum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
cretaceus	crētāceae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
interritus	interritam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
anteeo	anteeuntō	V;IMP;FUT;3;PL;latin
arfacio	arfīēbās	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
unguiculatus	unguiculātōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
substruo	substruar	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
benivolus	benivolum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
stygius	stygiō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
adlicio	adlicere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
adiectio	adiectiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
deformo	dēformābiminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
conjugium	conjugia	N;ACC;PL;latin
depango	dēpangimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
ursinus	ursīnae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
inpendo	inpendāmur	V;SBJV;PASS:PRS;1;PL;latin
transfiguro	trānsfigūrārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
circumvolo	circumvolāberis	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
usurarius	ūsūrāria	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
obambulo	obambulārēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
provocatio	prōvocātiōne	N;ABL;SG;latin
scapularus	scapulārum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
vito	vītāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
obsigno	obsignāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
impropero	improperāverit	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
inpero	inperābantur	V;IND;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
perfoveo	perfoveāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
ambages	ambāgēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
invigilo	invigilātō	V;IMP;FUT;3;SG;latin
vivificatio	vīvificātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
plumeus	plūmea	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
prospecto	prospectātis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
accerso	accersiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
concerto	concertābor	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;SG;latin
vermiculatus	vermiculātum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
altissimus	altissima	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
globus	globe	N;VOC;SG;latin
iurgo	iūrgēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
inopportunus	inopportūnīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
affectionatus	affectionatus	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
marisca	mariscīs	N;DAT;PL;latin
deripio	dēripuissētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PRF;latin
mentula	mentulae	N;NOM;PL;latin
decuriatio	decuriātiōnēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
applaudo	applaudam	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;latin
arpitanicus	arpitanicī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
defundo	dēfūderītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
tomus	tomō	N;ABL;SG;latin
disparo	disparāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
libo	lībāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
opinio	opīniōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
adpugno	adpugnārentur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
depreco	dēprecem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
conlaudo	conlaudāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
fastigo	fastīgāminī	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
dissilio	dissiluissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
porphirio	porphiriōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
vastitas	vastitātēs	N;ACC;PL;latin
semiustilo	sēmiustilāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
ignio	ignīveritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
vigilia	vigilia	N;VOC;SG;latin
typologicus	typologicum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
volaticus	volāticā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
ortygometra	ortygomētrārum	N;GEN;PL;latin
oblitero	obliterātur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
recubo	recubant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
persulcatus	persulcatam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
consarrio	cōnsarrīrēmur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
sabrinus	sabrinī	ADJ;NOM;MASC;PL;latin
caerulus	caerulī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
rapum	rāpī	N;GEN;SG;latin
trucido	trucīdantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
fidelitas	fidēlitātī	N;DAT;SG;latin
levicollis	levicollis	ADJ;GEN;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
calcio	calciābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
abjugo	abjugāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
tinguo	tinxeris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
chlamydatus	chlamydātī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
lucidissimus	lūcidissimīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
laureatus	laureāta	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
adunatio	adūnātiō	N;NOM;SG;latin
clavellatus	clavellata	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
austerus	austēram	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
circumrado	circumrādāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
epitomo	epitomābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
jeffersonianus	jeffersoniana	ADJ;NOM;FEM;SG;latin
insidiosior	īnsidiōsiōrī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
consaepio	cōnsaepsit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
deliberator	dēlīberātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
adsto	adsteterant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
actito	āctitābis	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
discepto	disceptābimur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;1;PL;latin
crocio	crociēris	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;SG;latin
operculum	operculō	N;DAT;SG;latin
mendicus	mendīcō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
malleo	malleāvissem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PRF;latin
adripio	adripere	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
adpropio	adpropiāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
adamplio	adampliāverās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PRF;latin
obliquus	oblīquīs	ADJ;DAT;NEUT;SG;latin
quaerito	quaeritāvissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
negligo	neglixerint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
tegumen	tegumina	N;ACC;PL;latin
expurgo	expurgāverim	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
attero	atterimus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
testudineus	testūdineā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
provocativus	prōvocātīvī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
perspicio	perspeximus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
fideiubeo	fidēiusseritis	V;IND;FUT;2;PL;PRF;latin
conecto	cōnexuerant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
praerogatio	praerogātiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
meridio	merīdiābuntur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
adulescentulus	adulescentulīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
everro	ēverrērunt	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
allaudo	allaudet	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
compitalium	compitālium	N;VOC;SG;latin
insepultus	īnsepultō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
amaritudo	amāritūdinī	N;DAT;SG;latin
valefacio	valefēcerō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
linguosus	linguōsae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
laborifer	labōrifera	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
parsimonia	parsimōniae	N;DAT;SG;latin
inconiugus	inconiugum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
elimo	ēlīmāmur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;PL;latin
sufflavus	sufflāvī	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;SG;latin
catechizo	catēchīzābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
amissio	āmissiō	N;VOC;SG;latin
assuetudo	assuētūdinum	N;GEN;PL;latin
mweruensis	mweruensī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
flavicaudus	flavicaudum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
adpropero	adproperāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
celator	cēlātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
palmiger	palmigera	ADJ;VOC;FEM;SG;latin
suppingo	suppingās	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
testeus	testeā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
adfligo	adflīxit	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PFV;latin
mammilla	mammillīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
averto	āvertēbāmus	V;IND;PST;1;PL;IPFV;latin
torquis	torquī	N;DAT;SG;latin
nutabundus	nūtābunda	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
submurmuro	submurmurāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
vasculum	vāsculōrum	N;GEN;PL;latin
iactanticulus	iactanticulō	ADJ;ABL;NEUT;SG;latin
praeopto	praeoptā	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
masculetum	masculētī	N;GEN;SG;latin
dispergo	disperserō	V;IND;FUT;1;SG;PRF;latin
ventralis	ventrālēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
insulto	īnsultem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
rheumaticus	rheumaticō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
perfidiosior	perfidiōsiōra	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;PL;latin
felicissimus	fēlīcissimī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
bijugatus	bijugātā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
discurro	discurrat	V;SBJV;PRS;3;SG;latin
corporo	corporārēris	V;SBJV;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
pudibundus	pudibundōs	ADJ;ACC;MASC;PL;latin
obdormio	obdormīret	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
veneno	venēnāre	V;NFIN;latin
gallicus	gallicās	ADJ;ACC;FEM;PL;latin
commensurabilis	commēnsūrābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
arcesso	arcessīverint	V;IND;FUT;3;PL;PRF;latin
exsulo	exsulāverant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;PRF;latin
suffoco	suffōcāmus	V;IND;PRS;1;PL;latin
astus	astūs	N;VOC;PL;latin
postorbitalis	postorbitalēs	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;PL;latin
dissupo	dissupantor	V;IMP;PASS;FUT;3;PL;latin
bellifer	belliferō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
canariensis	canariense	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
effleo	effleō	V;IND;PRS;1;SG;latin
somniculosus	somniculōsīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
thymiamaterium	thȳmiāmatēriīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
honorabilis	honōrābilī	ADJ;DAT;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
convulnero	cōnvulnerābit	V;IND;FUT;3;SG;latin
pudicissimus	pudīcissimum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
vacivus	vacīvī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
depso	depsēminī	V;IND;PASS;FUT;2;PL;latin
frendo	frendātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
didragma	dīdrāgmae	N;NOM;PL;latin
adfundo	adfundāminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
dominantia	dominantiae	N;VOC;PL;latin
cænulentus	cænulentum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
maligno	malignāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
suffoco	suffōcem	V;SBJV;PRS;1;SG;latin
constantissimus	cōnstāntissimō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
tango	tangis	V;IND;PRS;2;SG;latin
suffulcio	suffulciuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
tranquillo	tranquillant	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
sedo	sēdāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
cubitalis	cubitāle	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
annotinus	annōtina	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;PL;latin
deludo	delūdiminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
effreno	effrēnāverītis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
amicabilis	amīcābile	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
deeo	deīris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
flexilis	flexilem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
contentior	contentius	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
incurvo	incurvābam	V;IND;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
cohabito	cohabitāre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
sophus	sophō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
chalo	chalārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
prehensio	prehensiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
annonarius	annōnāriō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
subvento	subventāris	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
ostrearius	ostreārius	ADJ;NOM;MASC;SG;latin
liliaceus	līliaceum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
copulatio	cōpulātiōnibus	N;ABL;PL;latin
lucubratiuncula	lūcubrātiunculīs	N;ABL;PL;latin
reptabundus	reptābundōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
commando	commande	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
alpestris	alpēstris	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
gubernabilis	gubernābilis	ADJ;NOM;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
converto	convertor	V;IND;PASS;PRS;1;SG;latin
imito	imitāverīmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PFV;latin
superextendo	superextendātis	V;SBJV;PRS;2;PL;latin
tridactylus	tridactylum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
rectilineus	rectilineō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
dulciarius	dulciāriārum	ADJ;GEN;FEM;PL;latin
adstipulator	adstipulātor	N;VOC;SG;latin
comperio	comperiēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin
deambulo	deambulārem	V;SBJV;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
insulsus	īnsulsum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
semiticus	semiticō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
rubefacio	rubefēcissēmus	V;SBJV;PST;1;PL;PRF;latin
arcessio	arcessītur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
ebeninus	ebeninum	ADJ;ACC;NEUT;SG;latin
vestibularis	vestibularī	ADJ;ABL;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
conchyliatus	conchȳliātae	ADJ;GEN;FEM;SG;latin
inclarus	inclārae	ADJ;VOC;FEM;PL;latin
decoco	dēcocēns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
consatio	cōnsatiōnis	N;GEN;SG;latin
surrumpo	surrumpēbat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
caepe	caepis	N;GEN;SG;latin
praesumo	praesūmuntur	V;IND;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
exaudio	exaudīverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
daemonicus	daemonicam	ADJ;ACC;FEM;SG;latin
xerocollyrium	xērocollȳriī	N;GEN;SG;latin
corvinus	corvīnum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
confuto	cōnfūtārēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
cervinus	cervīna	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;PL;latin
epidermis	epidermis	N;NOM;SG;latin
lineus	līneōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
locito	locitent	V;SBJV;PRS;3;PL;latin
oboeditio	oboedītiōnī	N;DAT;SG;latin
saxicolus	saxicolā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
libo	lībābimus	V;IND;FUT;1;PL;latin
suburo	subūritis	V;IND;PRS;2;PL;latin
rufus	rūfum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
circulator	circulātor	N;NOM;SG;latin
diiudico	dīiūdicārent	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
celeberrimus	celeberrimī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
supputo	supputāvistī	V;IND;PST;2;SG;PFV;latin
rectitator	rectitātōribus	N;ABL;PL;latin
scaturio	scatūriēbant	V;IND;PST;3;PL;IPFV;latin
obambulo	obambulābar	V;IND;PASS;PST;1;SG;IPFV;latin
persto	perstābitur	V;IND;PASS;FUT;3;SG;latin
conquasso	conquassābāminī	V;IND:PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
pastino	pastinārētis	V;SBJV;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
appropero	approperāminī	V;IND;PASS;PRS;2;PL;latin
expalpo	expalpāte	V;IMP;PRS;3;PL;latin
affirmativus	affirmātīvum	ADJ;VOC;NEUT;SG;latin
labosus	labōsō	ADJ;DAT;MASC;SG;latin
silvosus	silvōsī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
purpuro	purpurāveris	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;PRF;latin
inermus	inermō	ADJ;ABL;MASC;SG;latin
inactivus	inactīvum	ADJ;NOM;NEUT;SG;latin
porcinus	porcīnī	ADJ;GEN;MASC;SG;latin
seminiger	seminigrae	ADJ;NOM;FEM;PL;latin
excudo	excūdantur	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;3;PL;latin
superdico	superdīxerint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
alatus	ālātō	ADJ;DAT;FEM;SG;latin
congruentior	congruēntiōrem	ADJ;ACC;MASC/FEM;SG;latin
depereo	dēperīre	V;IMP;PASS;PRS;3;SG;latin
alterno	alternēs	V;SBJV;PRS;2;SG;latin
praetorius	praetōriōrum	ADJ;GEN;NEUT;PL;latin
convomo	convomēbāris	V;IND;PASS;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
triumphator	triumphātōrem	N;ACC;SG;latin
exspiro	exspīrāvistis	V;IND;PST;2;PL;PFV;latin
vaco	vacāre	V;NFIN;latin
fuco	fūcārētur	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;3;SG;IPFV;latin
alacritas	alacritās	N;NOM;SG;latin
persto	perstāns	V.PTCP;PRS;latin
interlino	interlinunt	V;IND;PRS;3;PL;latin
parturio	parturīrēminī	V;SBJV;PASS;PST;2;PL;IPFV;latin
purpuro	purpurāverat	V;IND;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
castifico	castificāverint	V;SBJV;PST;3;PL;PFV;latin
conscendo	cōnscende	V;IMP;PRS;3;SG;latin
munio	mūniāris	V;SBJV;PASS;PRS;2;SG;latin
abigeus	abigeō	N;DAT;SG;latin
dinumero	dīnumerābās	V;IND;PST;2;SG;IPFV;latin
excavo	excavāvisset	V;SBJV;PST;3;SG;PRF;latin
adorno	adōrnāvī	V;IND;PST;1;SG;PFV;latin
blanditia	blanditiae	N;NOM;PL;latin
macies	maciēs	N;NOM;PL;latin
tripertitus	tripertītā	ADJ;ABL;FEM;SG;latin
curiatus	cūriātīs	ADJ;ABL; PL;latin
incanus	incānī	ADJ;VOC;MASC;PL;latin
symposium	symposium	N;VOC;SG;latin
depromo	dēprōmēs	V;IND;FUT;2;SG;latin