vI-..d.a	vI-..d.áknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Műőuõs	Műőuõsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
FözksgjKs	FözksgjKsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
óCc'oí' Sšó	óCc'oí' Sšón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
hűksAAúöC.s	hűksAAúöC.sökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
wcŋckIvC,db	wcŋckIvC,db	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ébÁ,cudRn	ébÁ,cudRnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
őííniwwl Rn	őííniwwl Rnoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
gfičnFmlía	gfičnFmlíától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
.Fvjíul	.Fvjíulja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
ööaáűlon	ööaáűlonokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ióáaöwm.p l	ióáaöwm.p ltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
lnú,üéIsK'k	lnú,üéIsK'kakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
žöAđpŋ-aó	žöAđpŋ-aót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
clzSwpn,os	clzSwpn,osnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
zvcÁöy	zvcÁöyekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋ étvCcodzj	ŋ étvCcodzjakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
aű ,őhIe it	aű ,őhIe ithöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
póxféySSons	póxféySSonsakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ž-blfd	ž-blfddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
őf.ŋäAt	őf.ŋäAtokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
KÁCläiűgxg	KÁCläiűgxgot	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
-üp-Amsgós	-üp-Amsgósnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Iuížű-Rs	Iuížű-Rsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Álč.jFõépál	Álč.jFõépálök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
cútüúŋm	cútüúŋmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
SRm.he	SRm.hékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
R.üáKewg	R.üáKewggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
,yhrpzRjz	,yhrpzRjznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
đmön.jeem	đmön.jemeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
flő,.ó	flő,.ókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
k-smkCz	k-smkCzna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
g rűKe	g rűKénél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
íwKycépőááa	íwKycépőááákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
üxólout	üxóloutette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
őöApžra	őöApžráig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
I-õöüugvgön	I-õöüugvgönekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
.Kúi'ana	.Kúi'anákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
úCtõRsóa	úCtõRsóáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ayFžíyőčói	ayFžíyőčóikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
fdÁóäb	fdÁóäbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
jšddMáügl	jšddMáüglottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
mx,ARpz,a	mx,ARpz,ákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
bynw.jaés	bynw.jaésnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
,íAAorŧí l	,íAAorŧí lunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
ŧúüe,ŧz	ŧúüe,ŧzett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
kreuoo-Réa	kreuoo-Réáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
fpóešőxM	fpóešőxM-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
äzÁdfeIn	äzÁdfeInig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
šw-.fkűüt	šw-.fkűütoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
wiaMmwõÁpt	wiaMmwõÁptasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
đõ-,Cő	đõ-,Cövekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
éSž.'eäl	éSž.'eälet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
sp,űcõ,n	sp,űcõ,nért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
m'nžfv	m'nžfvektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
vcđRRčđr	vcđRRčđrig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
dgoažl	dgoažlokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
AfocyŋnKwr	AfocyŋnKwrként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ŧóIMúz	ŧóIMúznátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
 vsRfwvrőg	 vsRfwvrőgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
uzádgks	uzádgksekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ööKáK.ó	ööKáK.ókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
oúwSčÁ-a	oúwSčÁ-aként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
mőCkđík	mőCkđíkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
éx k.íõl	éx k.íõlből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
pŋiz Ižŧt	pŋiz Ižŧtva	V.CVB;hungarian
päC,vl	päC,vlni	V;NFIN;hungarian
äúMgŋ-úclm	äúMgŋ-úclmba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
rmnidn	rmnidnokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
CnäüÁág	CnäüÁágeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
'AAííMk.őür	'AAííMk.őürakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ónŋäeér	ónŋäeérökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
áõuwnt	áõuwnttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
lAhfõ-ő	lAhfõ-őként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
éwójifySäfs	éwójifySäfsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
tcRéö'mtMt	tcRéö'mtMtottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
MúzvcA o,zt	MúzvcA o,ztené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
,žŧRRe	,žŧRRével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
xzfSšcáčFs	xzfSšcáčFsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
õšdŋrgs	õšdŋrgsen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,ŧwőÁkŋv	,ŧwőÁkŋvba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
l,síšäwd	l,síšäwdra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
-v wüđđzdk	-v wüđđzdkra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
úűtűkyŋsűyő	úűtűkyŋsűyőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Rbŋpüza	Rbŋpüzától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
s j.yŋs	s j.yŋsekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ó-áAhtó.kci	ó-áAhtó.kcit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
RhrämCŋjt	RhrämCŋjtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
wu'őárs	wu'őárst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
,útävögrő	,útävögrőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
úmciw nxg	úmciw nxg-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
lõze-ŋlŋjőb	lõze-ŋlŋjőbhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
óKcR,az	óKcR,azen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
débReűŧszláv	singubReűŧar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
l,RkeóFA cl	l,RkeóFA clnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
gŋaögűwl	gŋaögűwltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
AdyfŧŧeÁs	AdyfŧŧeÁsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
yrÁzon	yrÁzonekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gyáŧxužwdladás	singáŧxužwdar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
lcMAvt	lcMAvttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
x-Mőđz	x-Mőđzokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
yiá vyr	yiá vyrekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
'íöÁ'tF ž l	'íöÁ'tF ž lják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
SFxvógŋs	SFxvógŋsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
õí- ši đe	õí- ši đék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋsRgöoäw.éocs	ŋsRgöoäw.écsokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
dkxMyya	dkxMyyához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
fŋhvfäeAüžl	fŋhvfäeAüžljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
ö ŧÁcxFó	ö ŧÁcxFókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
đj.yvcd	đj.yvcdekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
mjtvíAe	mjtvíAeként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
dáSMKxb	dáSMKxbtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
wöčMevr	wöčMevrekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ashjuäđdsa	ashjuäđdsákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
näđu,Kícd	näđu,Kícdtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
m yáäukdol	m yáäukdlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
bkmeüik	bkmeüja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
RŧčgcvRžn	RŧčgcvRžnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
knŋuödúÁcín	snŋuödúÁcingular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
tŧőóaeIő	tŧőóaeIőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
aenüCFopdó	aenüCFopdóból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
psšKÁCuđt	psšKÁCuđtekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
oõztnpšb	oõztnpšbra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ÁbäFédjl	ÁbäFédjltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
RzéšSRhwől	RzéšSRhwőlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
sőóRpt	sőóRptitek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
coeõõcí-l	coeõõcí-ljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
kéxlIa	kéxlIákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
fSáh õžróó	fSáh õžróókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 S-räucatSb	 S-räucatSbként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
šűCoss	šűCosst	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
hé'Sávvtts	hé'Sávvttsokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
véižicw	véižicw-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
fjdAMhõl	fjdAMhõlnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
bywžŧšya	bywžŧšyákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
säluúúRs	säluúúRshöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
KgS,Kfck	KgS,Kfckból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
zóő-Ma	zóő-Máktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
őuäloÁuűsži	őuäloÁuűsžitól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
w,űočs	w,űočs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
sK-č.cúáms	sK-č.cúámsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
IKuxáíph-Ka	IKuxáíph-Kákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
mkõ čFl	mkõ čFlják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
,Szrbđs	,Szrbđson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ulsoyéAg	ulsoyéAgok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ápŋjŋŋa	ápŋjŋŋákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
äg-Spi	äg-Spiben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
sšsiaáÁúfšs	sšsiaáÁúfšsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ŧöhüõjSvb	ŧöhüõjSvbakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
jzdlšőípr	jzdlšőíprról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
..ogőÁő	..ogőÁőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
otg rbgfőAe	otg rbgfőAékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ppéAtr.éRŋk	ppéAtr.éRŋkekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
hReíns	hReínsokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
rkCő ádCs	rkCő ádCsakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
őtdűMäa	őtdűMäára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
IečSbnj	IečSbnjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
áyakMár	áyakMárba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
vždžma	vždžmákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
žúxyRd  b	žúxyRd  beknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
hxpŧó.fp	hxpŧó.fpekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ógjršCŧyyy	ógjršCŧyynyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
uáesáeó	uáesáeóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
žučš-.,ŋxg	žučš-.,ŋxgokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
,Iófí-Iŋós	,Iófí-Iŋósakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
i FSt.ői	i FSt.őikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
čpph,-vt	čpph,-vtetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
fIr đó	fIr đókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
IItyčpst	IItyčpssse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
.owváöhIše	.owváöhIšékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
tiFe-n	tiFe-nokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
pwzűx-ođ ks	pwzűx-ođ ksaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
áKđbűdga	áKđbűdgákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
áđóAús	áđóAúsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
lSRđsn	lSRđsnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
exuÁíAoól	exuÁíAoólunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
vllupl	vllupllá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŧršvčwji	ŧršvčwjin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
eškö.l	eškö.lnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
FxoŧuäőbIft	FxoŧuäőbIftené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
.paeóbnz	.paeóbnznétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ytafrp.šcs	ytafrp.šcsekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
éÁxnMoAz	éÁxnMoAzzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
úMóuKmõŧjg	úMóuKmõŧjg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
trj'pl	trj'pleknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 zčwšaúča	 zčwšaúčával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
jóKtúo  iő	jóKtúo  iők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
žv'őiöIjKrm	žv'őiöIjKrmeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
kxÁKäe šg	kxÁKäe šgekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
. wfk.ŧKCáe	. wfk.ŧKCáék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
F'äRčs	F'äRčsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ptoőylmAči	ptoőylmAčiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
šwówčn	šwówčnt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
brkev i	brkev it	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
őwRRSs	őwRRSsakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
.rűxõóp.	.rűxõóp.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
K ytõfvz	K ytõfvznék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
óđI FnIay	óđI FnIayhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
wú-Idüz	wú-Idüzban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
d-'ö.Rŋn	d-'ö.Rŋnekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
fčžzmx.vó	fčžzmx.vókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 wr.Sš-äMs	 wr.Sš-äMsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
'í ,MAyőCöa	'í ,MAyőCöáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cikníwž.n	cycníwž.nokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
mÁMMíűóce,n	mÁMMíűóce,nokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
íKdšđaõs	íKdšđaõsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Igtó.čá-s	Igtó.čá-sokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
zmÁűFaóisSj	zmÁűFaóisSjért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
' zcSi	' zcSin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
xjdébŧFSt	xjdébŧFStenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
wIMrmjír	wIMrmjírekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ckKpRóeökb	ckKpRóeökbaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
AõSIkSfö.vs	AõSIkSfö.vsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
pdáó.t	pdáó.toktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Iđvíuõílűa	Iđvíuõílűánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
äSŋauFgr.l	äSŋauFgr.landó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
RC víls	RC vílseknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
rgdfb'p	rgdfb'pekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
-fr'kto.žr	-fr'kto.žrnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
žeowtŧeKeŋa	žeowtŧeKeŋákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
,bhörčCnolr	,bhörčCnolrban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
. ioouvűáa	. ioouvűáaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
icászi	icászi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
dchrÁaowg	dchrÁaowg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ááüÁ Áočy	ááüÁ Áočyekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
iaőõŋCoó	iaőõŋCoóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
 öú.elge	 öú.elgén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
o-kSakztot	o-kSakztotokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
fávejRxpt	fávejRxptó	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
gjíúcS ö,b	gjíúcS ö,bektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
čgépéäkj	čgépéäkjnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ósásRlt	ósásRltsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
d téuMr	d téuMrték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
öyhüfđsoza	öyhüfđsozáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Áüšpoämõbs	Áüšpoämõbsekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
äSháóász	äSháóászekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ayčx-ü-t	ayčx-ü-tért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
'jS űRy	'jS űRyhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
olSkil	olSkilták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
éSxhčwz	éSxhčwzekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
mlÁ-uy	mlÁ-uy	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
đh úŋ žől	đh úŋ žőlnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
Cočvošur	Cočvošurekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
,thgvhRtrji	,thgvhRtrjiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
čóöuőpFhCŧk	čóöuőpFhCŧkokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
đ,IvlFhmKIa	đ,IvlFhmKIákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
AiíődMMéüfs	AiíődMMéüfsokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋkbŧug	ŋkbŧugtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Ss edr	Ss edrból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
-cžC rz	-cžC rzottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
čKbsé'čúal	čKbsé'čúaljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
yilyIkžžóó	yilyIkžžóóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
v-čnícutavz	v-čnícutavzekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
š.xošn	š.xošnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
-öSčéa	-öSčéáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
đvŧipIFms	đvŧipIFmsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Rzj .s	Rzj .sekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
yđxpMA-gci	yđxpMA-gciakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
- Awowšwy	- Awowšwyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
,bRz-öl	,bRz-öljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
fRSojogfm	fRSojogfmtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
zínonjaga	zínonjagára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
xmšŋxáKg	xmšŋxáKgokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
tčRšna	tčRšnától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
vvŧyuän	vvŧyuänhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
e'IaSzöe	e'IaSzöétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
űC'äsrycžüa	űC'äsrycžüává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
FíálKxbšwa	FíálKxbšwákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
 ,Áaidčcv	 ,Áaidčcvben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
üü čCŧšó	üü čCŧšókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
Avjkkz	Avjkkznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
ŋk'öÁzl	ŋk'öÁzlje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
Axiuvd-C Fl	Axiuvd-C Flj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
Sőeíml	Sőeímltam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
črbACl	črbAClnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
šyöR jyKxta	šyöR jyKxtákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧóhšCövűnkp	ŧóhšCövűnkpeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Knžügiő	Knžügiőből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 xrŧdn .őŋr	 xrŧdn .őŋrokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
vvtFnp	vvtFnpeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
yCCijAAm	yCCijAAmról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
yõÁfCíiüIgi	yõÁfCíiüIgi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
hRzhšvpi	hRzhšvpiakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
gClpba	gClpbáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
.'gAgÁhű	.'gAgÁhűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
tčMewnjšSgy	tčMewnjšSgyet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
üygóuxa	üygóuxákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Kajwebŋít	Kajwebŋítek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmišvx.lSö ŋigy	plušvx.lSö ŋal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋžíÁncKa	ŋžíÁncKává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŋdí.ht	ŋdí.htendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
'űűžjaKá,éó	'űűžjaKá,éóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
öiđ AáFMmji	öiđ AáFMmjikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
-'ŋ-äääz	-'ŋ-äääznénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
cSKőtđMées	cSKőtđMéesokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 -xyuvüks	 -xyuvükst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ímhCpoya	ímhCpoyáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
wđóvbcóy	wđóvbcóyen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ü bŧKIüA b	ü bŧKIüA beknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
f ű có	f ű cókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
vlüržŧu ŧws	vlüržŧu ŧwshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,íäxaCr	,íäxaCrokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
rú-b'äFcn	rú-b'äFcnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
zKofõe-rs	zKofõe-rs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
h á ŧóiäša	h á ŧóiäšára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
őgxéCuŋnMd	őgxéCuŋnMdként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
kóéSsjzSäíy	kóéSsjzSäíyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
üAöSdtwöüCi	üAöSdtwöüCikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
wžuFjmuúő	wžuFjmuúőkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
gčjpcwbti	gčjpcwbti	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
yuhelvfom	yuhelvfmakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
,úkR'r	,úkR'rekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŧézžoup	ŧézžoupba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
äúAÁ o-ŧySi	äúAÁ o-ŧySiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
úsđžxoűília	úsđžxoűíliákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
xudŋSfRl	xudŋSfRlnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
űõ ÁhexFipn	űõ ÁhexFipnekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
őrcü-cFó	őrcü-cFóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
báCnüyđa	báCnüyđának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Ávyá Ry	Ávyá Ryokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
FíAŋžűl	FíAŋžűlnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
xőpMõür,ó	xőpMõür,ókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
oaRSõy	oaRSõgyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
cgdáFžhmps	cgdáFžhmpsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
žMFCKg	žMFCKgekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Icü áóCs	Icü áóCsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
icpzctndt	icpzctndttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ytgŧKg	ytgŧKgekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
úxvt'F,z	úxvt'F,zban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
uSn Snžsŧd	uSn Snžsŧdig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
úSčüRRõÁíd	úSčüRRõÁídokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
dscsAípy	dscsAípy	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
pAŧAöí.a	pAŧAöí.ában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
boŧlúüđuyčz	boŧlúüđuyčzig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
käúéjj	käúéjjokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
špä õätg	špä õätgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
 iučéäm	 iučéämről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
wučloemIscb	wučloemIscbbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
eAFxđpó	eAFxđpón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
čeđäiwmaj t	čeđäiwmaj tekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Mjdwdđ rüs	Mjdwdđ rüsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
chűöd,mÁós	chűöd,mÁósig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
x.jŧez	x.jŧezként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
xjáCšvnút	xjáCšvnútért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
äuA őŧAõŋz	äuA őŧAõŋzzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
õčvtFnőa	õčvtFnőákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
mžhapwFs	mžhapwFsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
űáčIpűp	űáčIpűpnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
-zÁAdvírhn	-zÁAdvírhntól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
gtrSčäó	gtrSčäókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
-éeKon	-éeKonra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
vy,Kőfr	vy,Kőfrokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
 SI.üäórmus	 SI.üäórmusből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Fđral žűan	Fđral žűanök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
üčRAžđ,l	üčRAžđ,ljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
bčhb x.g'-g	bčhb x.g'-gnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
,CkCŧtyMi	,CkCŧtyMiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
üselá r	üselá röktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
uigjšzökčhg	uigjšzökčhgoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
uph dó	uph dókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
bõ nläe	bõ nläén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
á.hí-ó	á.hí-ókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
jh.bRs	jh.bRsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
p'j,õ.nhh	p'j,õ.nhhot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ííRRpFčFó	ííRRpFčFóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
uwÁdS.Ir	uwÁdS.Irokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ncajSRzcAi	ncajSRzcAiktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
mpRFKRys	mpRFKRysekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
'yžkaz	'yžkazzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgámjijniŋtatás	pmjijniŋural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
šÁšiéds	šÁšiédsban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
xpél.ö,'äa	xpél.ö,'äával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
-'zlFíiÁd	-'zlFíiÁdod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
RuújáSs	RuújáSsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
SndSía	SndSíákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
wíFűer	wíFűerekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
šfŋnRđ'ot	šfŋnRđ'otaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
 íeäkSwá k	 íeäkSwá koknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
AdämzsbÁs	AdämzsbÁsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
vÁnűőŋ,s	vÁnűőŋ,shoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
õhgóőóÁbb	õhgóőóÁbbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
'đúIj ízkl	'đúIj ízklnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
z üKxRd	z üKxRdhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
a-jdübMmgCd	a-jdübMmgCdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
fCuđäó	fCuđäóknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Sbd.Seúig	Sbd.Seúigért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
'dFäí  i	'dFäí  iekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
cuwžáKFants	cuwžáKFantsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
IÁčKyíel	IÁčKyíelben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
RhI,Móózčfp	RhI,Móózčfpokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
öeõéKjz	öeõéKjznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
íŋÁeC-d	íŋÁeC-det	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
fržnäs	fržnäsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ós. R ik	ós. R ned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
usftvfŧpan	usftvfŧpanért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
hk'gŋpSrtls	hk'gŋpSrtlsba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
M'ŋgömMÁzk	M'ŋgömMÁzkhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
dđís''Ámjop	dđís''Ámjopekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
táfyõv	táfyõven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŧwIrvó.t	ŧwIrvó.tnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
ómžrcŋCõIa	ómžrcŋCõIákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
iCdeđtóŋs	iCdeđtóŋsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Ci i.äű	Ci i.äűtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
kFüáűp	kFüáűpokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ftčCže'p	ftčCže'p	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
oAapökIoón	oAapökIoónek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
íolóbbáél	íolóbbáelekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
čSkž clŧgs	čSkž clŧgshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,avčõoõüomn	,avčõoõüomnon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
SiõhüŋIumó	SiõhüŋIumóból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Mém sjs	Mém sjsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
šlyKIaas	šlyKIaasoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
e,đű.j	e,đű.jnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
fy.űíő	fy.űíőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
nAebdi y	nAebdi yekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
õmSűšAóz	õmSűšAózva	V.CVB;hungarian
snđrnIl	snđrnIlnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
ŋ gzđgl	ŋ gzđgltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
v-cöáöíCjúg	v-cöáöíCjúgból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
-ríđõd,đeIó	-ríđõd,đeIóra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Áőéiüŧdrn'g	Áőéiüŧdrn'gnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
küMÁyŋ,la	küMÁyŋ,lában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
 ngRcidt	 ngRcidtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
-fŧđä ä'-.	-fŧđä ä'-.-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
g'-'jk	g'-'jkeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
.Auclóe	.Auclóéből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Kpér pifIki	Kpér pifIkiig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
dáCcbl	dáCcblra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ročISs	ročISsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
MaítCđó	MaítCđókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
óM ížjÁa	óM ížjÁákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
švúžŋRčđči	švúžŋRčđčiakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
IcKmizÁa	IcKmizÁák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
čpbfznir	čpbfznirra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
šémeCkz	šémeCkzokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
iióőyc-Áz	iióőyc-Ázzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
RC zy s	RC zy sen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
-xódÁ e's	-xódÁ e'snél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
.íáänAg	.íáänAggal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
őŋŧkRlđd t	őŋŧkRlđd tasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
Mwšóks	Mwšóksoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
-'űMtpp	-'űMtppoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
IÁdRÁ't	IÁdRÁ'tenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
níämba	níämbáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
b'dFln öl	b'dFln öljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
FdakrgFA-b	FdakrgFA-bekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
đuKíwóryk	đuKíwórykeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
donlKwjtugozó	pnlKwjtuural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
CyRxőt	CyRxőtanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
üŋMw-t	üŋMw-tekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
.uRäjđr	.uRäjđron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ä űita-pék	ä űita-pék	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
k.yKdwÁKtot	k.yKdwÁKtotja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
zxbixfŋäöt	zxbixfŋäötban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
õäaRõRs	õäaRõRsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ü,ifKürmmk	ü,ifKürmmkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
RtúÁđó	RtúÁđókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
'üycgfv	'üycgfvról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
õjvtu'Cpđét	õjvtu'Cpđétért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
aöóŧú Áp	aöóŧú Ápokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
hagméo-eäk	hagméo-eäkoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
thh őõ'Rbs	thh őõ'Rbsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Rtaajhely	Rtaajlyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
FbažKtaõ r	FbažKtaõ rig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
dÁ'óhÁs	dÁ'óhÁsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
lRcdóx-ŋMt	lRcdóx-ŋMtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
őbSÁžŧejs	őbSÁžŧejsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧŧr láűg	ŧŧr láűghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
KnűkCvmíot	KnűkCvmíotbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
Ržm gelí'ca	Ržm gelí'cában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
őäMádCb	őäMádCbre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
tKfRRp-z	tKfRRp-znél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
SnöŧCõe,m	SnöŧCõe,mhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
hAjőđõspőa	hAjőđõspőák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
íkípkyw.ŋi	íkípkyw.ŋiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
nmlöl.ŧđs	nmlöl.ŧđsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
iudysávwjk	iudysávwjkké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
j ,sRzet	j ,sRzess	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
bkbúwg	bkbúwgnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
,ssa lSwAõú	,ssa lSwAõúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
tekjúy	tekjúyben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
MKšdÁ,äáŧfi	MKšdÁ,äáŧfiakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
aődmIFzú	aődmIFzúig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
rbtzléCMzäm	rbtzléCMzämnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
i  l õeőer	i  l õeőreknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
jyKúát	jyKúátnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
őärKl.m	őärKl.mokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
eéŋŧőlíoks	eéŋŧőlíokssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ű,KSbtőy	ű,KSbtőlyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ytaŧé s	ytaŧé sok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
uäpKkó	uäpKkókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
kbŧéí-ő.i	kbŧéí-ő.iakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
kx,äAz	kx,äAszel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ööj hxMwRít	ööj hxMwRítsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
frősebŧRr	frősebŧRr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ckyxõöxp	ckyxõöxpokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
óRbgžAstls	óRbgžAstlsokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
z yáppt	z yápptban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
úzűCörúđó	úzűCörúđóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
eIfphó	eIfphótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
õIiöMR'wKr	õIiöMR'wKrakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
čŧrütbpgzg	čŧrütbpgzggel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
FfRŧna	FfRŧnáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
sAő.ymtcs	sAő.ymtcs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
nb Cöaát	nb Cöaátték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
KfrMódá't	KfrMódá'tnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
kiűvKFget	kiűvKFgetsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
oMlRđmkzđil	oMlRđmkzđiljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
úykxšycag	úykxšycagként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
čxwMKSx'ó	čxwMKSx'óknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
gkbđMCuoa	gkbđMCuoán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ó-íFí'Fy	ó-íFí'Fyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
MmfmhwMAx'r	MmfmhwMAx'rokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
á uđcŧža	á uđcŧžákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
eAálšrxa.Kn	eAálšrxa.Knból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Möáuđúéa	Möáuđúéából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
obMxykRour	obMxykRourokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
wdäpéüc	wdäpéücnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
wúIúhi	wúIúhikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ú'őpíŧnmftv	ú'őpíŧnmftvsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
éffyđreb	éffyđrebeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
kõIzidAa	kõIzidAákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ŧáxtűđKíhós	ŧáxtűđKíhóstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
iőhy,CFet	iőhy,CFetekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ySsgf enkr	ySsgf enkren	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ójxRí'íg	ójxRí'ígakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
föučléa	föučléákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ezälűÁC,y	ezälűÁC,yekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
.ü'vaxSAz	.ü'vaxSAzokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
uvčf xl	uvčf xlnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
CaRIőSl	CaRIőSltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
 wäoäžRMz	 wäoäžRMztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
mfúahb	mfúahbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
 AAAnFÁy	 AAAnFÁyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
úáMŧ.mjđs	úáMŧ.mjđsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
RMáIkžl	RMáIkžljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
jsäđige	jsäđigékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋI'Kíi	ŋI'Kíivé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
pšmbštFzf-ó	pšmbštFzf-ókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
atŋŧfn	atŋŧfneket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
žlfeigűik	žlfeigűjanak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ösžCys	ösžCysokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
SäycveAűse	SäycveAűséért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
mhhéypfŧa	mhhéypfŧákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
üRöüKhek	üRöüKhekokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
AõS ipa	AõS ipától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
zCyKšAiüáy	zCyKšAiüáyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
S.scSää-wi	S.scSää-wikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ífjKčešKIs	ífjKčešKIsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
wíáŧmz	wíáŧmznétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
đöFalkn	đöFalknok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
mborgts	mborgtsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
eáwbÁkőnuhé	eáwbÁkőnuhé	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
üŧAtnb	üŧAtnbnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
AŋFűffók	AŋFűffókokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
oxo lhüa	oxo lhüákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
hpíIutőcp	hpíIutőcp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
õfyõčžvs	õfyõčžvssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
úpŧtfxg'hz	úpŧtfxg'hzzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
yáIízot	yáIízotakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
aéR'fdepkMr	aéR'fdepkMrből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋCzaKs	ŋCzaKsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
épéžŋjf-i	épéžŋjf-iekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
íuú-õ ó	íuú-õ ótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
biõmaKuÁs	pluõmaKuÁal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 čgđéCrik	 čgđéCrandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
í'öű-ŧõRafl	í'öű-ŧõRafljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
SR.jeõõs	SR.jeõõsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ŋptőőgäó't	ŋptőőgäó'tba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
aösjóäik	aösjóäzon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
úáogjáSó	úáogjáSókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
SaCbzt	SaCbztbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
R pižõóüSđg	R pižõóüSđgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
lűatú'j Mó	lűatú'j Mókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
'Aílpšú.Kz	'Aílpšú.Kzből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
jlSšyb	jlSšybakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
éc üđt	éc üđtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
Iúz-uamwütm	Iúz-uamwütm-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
déuõrjel	déuõrjlem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
kkgÁCőt	kkgÁCőteknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
CÁxöád	CÁxöádekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Ii,pöey	Ii,pöeyként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
 édAaft	 édAaften	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
hč.é ó	hč.é ókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ub-ŋäegoa	ub-ŋäegoánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ttS uűyür	ttS uűyürt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
zžy Ašáw,ó	zžy Ašáw,óig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
sRÁž éobed	sRÁž éobedet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
KükäÁMđéfSa	KükäÁMđéfSákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
xmhfes	xmhfeseknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ä RnígApy	ä RnígApyakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
zdwöjm	zdwöjmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
S .z otvlíb	S .z otvlíb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
,žMŋ ns.wl	,žMŋ ns.wlted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
booeõuIAl ly	bolyoeõuIAl knak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
á.žőh.sCő	á.žőh.sCőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Cžbhvjcső	Cžbhvjcsőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
rR Stöšüy	rR Stöšünyé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Kcmylm	Kcmylmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
đIüiiuezhk	đIüiiuezhktól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
dKh-ŋytt	dKh-ŋyttből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
đóáđélMSó	đóáđélMSót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ówmSújhas	ówmSújhasak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
KhšyúbFtárs	KhšyúbFatársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
škaúkoRa	škaúkoRákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
MaKmC šműz	MaKmC šműzra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
giá-iŋt	giá-iŋtakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
-segűs	-segűssel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
č,K.Kscás	č,K.Kscásokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
m l a-öít	m l a-öítekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Ieđxebű	Ieđxebűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
lÁCaKlCFIó	lÁCaKlCFIókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
óŋókzákb	óŋókzákbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
o'ndé-.íug	o'ndé-.íughoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
xp Kőml	xp Kőml	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
zőIsőó	zőIsőóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
-,č.öl	-,č.öló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
vjnjršd	vjnjršdról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
užkjRRSéAz	užkjRRSéAzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
'dkáwklőit	'dkáwklőitsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
õušŋkouFnwt	õušŋkouFnwtból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Awvrgá,ŋb t	Awvrgá,ŋb tenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
ehRdtnŧšz-l	ehRdtnŧšz-lbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
óhŧüg'MõMg	óhŧüg'MõMgnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
žõóéäewÁ-y	žõóéäewÁ-yhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
KráŋFááđđ.z	KráŋFááđđ.zhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
eyóžgi	eyóžgikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
öFéFoes	öFéFoesoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
álÁoÁ'wm	álÁoÁ'wmot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
úőzmaMr	úőzmaMrjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
mõkévcmutd	mõkévcmutdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
bjóCõAAbRda	bjóCõAAbRdán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ždŋRŧümcrz	ždŋRŧümcrzról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Áérümés	Áérümésre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
hüiünMslđz	hüiünMslđzről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
tcp äg	tcp ägeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
đóv'nm	đóv'nmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
,e,aűI.j	,e,aűI.jokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
sőđäwgjäípi	sőđäwgjäípin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
KüŧúAärm đs	KüŧúAärm đsről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Fékžäűz	Fékžäüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
dSzbóöjwŋFő	dSzbóöjwŋFőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
 h,-,Inő	 h,-,Inővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
,Ső.tsŧIčűl	,Ső.tsŧIčűltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
íyÁghina	íyÁghinákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
,óxfsísll	,óxfsísllni	V;NFIN;hungarian
héKlvúšőí't	héKlvúšőí'tként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Ibuc'Rvss	Ibuc'Rvssként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
huÁoŋoés	huÁoŋoéseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
kCzaSos	kCzaSosekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
-eúMczl	-eúMczlokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
úR KFlyŧ a	úR KFlyŧ ák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
cMg'wõÁŋCys	cMg'wõÁŋCysoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
öKw.nom	öKw.nmakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
nnčŋbSŧó	nnčŋbSŧónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
b,tjÁhj	b,tjÁhjekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ÁlMkkgžéa	ÁlMkkgžéához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
šogí.pz	šogí.pzba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
Ssčü'grõrl	Ssčü'grõrlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ŋá'bale	ŋá'balétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
cŋcú -s	cŋcú -stól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
páõo.hémi	páõo.héminek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
 đ.ÁúpRcn	 đ.ÁúpRcnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
,äÁcyvdM-CK	,äÁcyvdM-CK-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
šgd'õCđclxi	šgd'õCđclxinak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
.mčvro,s	.mčvro,soknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
íIđefxm	íIđefxmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
iől,rlzbgt	iől,rlzbgtokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Ácäbčs	Ácäbčsokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
éóűI,StwA g	éóűI,StwA gekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ŧŧjöäčxt	ŧŧjöäčxtott	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
rmb tc',a	rmb tc',aként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
FőíuSl	FőíuSlnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
'-wúdawfg	'-wúdawfggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
íwdSéč ,zn	íwdSéč ,znjék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
žčbtwSKtóCi	žčbtwSKtóCiekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
mszížKšxjn	mszížKšxjnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
''Kúj-eFv	''Kúj-eFvon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
úóz-õ'l	úóz-õ'lom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ívdáísaõlb	ívdáísaõlbig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
l jhit	l jhitsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ŧuhšjhŋ Áöa	ŧuhšjhŋ Áöához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
kvphÁss	kvphÁssakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
KtldxMõúIrk	KtldxMõúIrk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
Kl,žy čft	Kl,žy čfttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ííđMam đõe	ííđMam đõéhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,unójüRđwt	,unójüRđwtotok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
 őpfFlMl	 őpfFlMlták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
wrapjkypőut	wrapjkypőutba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
h.btgšr	h.btgšrhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
újsõűmő	újsõűmőkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
yjvúli	yjvúlikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
.Rbelr	.Rbelrtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
űMí-fy	űMí-fyekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ááõScwg	ááõScwgról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
õwüaSt	õwüaStok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ryüuft	ryüuftokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
hcjg-Iwien	hcjg-Iwienból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
,waŋšíK,ül	,waŋšíK,ülok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
rŧhÁčžŧúőr	rŧhÁčžŧúőroknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
tnMne-ki	tnMne-kiból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
rKőMhvt	rKőMhvtá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŋehäeőt	ŋehäeőtve	V.CVB;hungarian
kaSibaó	kaSibaók	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
hAnRMdb	hAnRMdbhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
űté eAl	űté eAltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
žŋžpáü,s	žŋžpáü,ssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
,,Cvŋđm Só	,,Cvŋđm Sót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
l vS õiIj	l vS õiIjon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
gfmüšne	gfmüšnéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
iFkđöwéMs	iFkđöwéMsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
AssÁõ.'űt	AssÁõ.'űtokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ubőácűRy	ubőácűRyért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
K Röúwőpi	K Röúwőpiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
óuxöcúb	óuxöcúben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
điéxzsüCMRg	điéxzsüCMRgokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
i iáMäs	i iáMäsokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
täaFúsa	täaFúsába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
xéfõze.ual	xéfõze.ualt	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
žczRdóõer	žczRdóõerok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
,mš'FuMKes	,mš'FuMKesek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋvÁsőõea	ŋvÁsőõeává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
nčpyvAal	nčpyvAaltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
 Mőw-l	 Mőw-ltuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
ühäfwxy	ühäfwxyek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ažóšrzrnhó	ažóšrzrnhót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
KfCgyé	KfCgyéknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
eaFiiŧ t	eaFiiŧ tekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Cum.c .ons	Cum.c .onsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
íakrme	íakrmét	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
böSzwfäon	böSzwfänakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
'žopőõüáyvi	'žopőõüáyviktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ámánža	ámánža	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
höRíÁežzSa	höRíÁežzSára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
űíkul a	űíkul ából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
fwőCđső	fwőCđsőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
cjÁ' Frxa	cjÁ' Frxákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
n,űžúa	n,űžúákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ččpzy-šzŧík	ččpzy-šzŧík	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
'-'wőes	'-'wőesra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Ađpaŋräeeg	Ađpaŋräeegek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŧđéüšcn	ŧđéüšcnné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
úMSövőäerRl	úMSövőäerRltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
mkúlod	mkúlodről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
RđóíörMca	RđóíörMcáknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
lűä.Rs	lűä.Rsokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
aóInFÁüg	aóInFÁügektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
g,ŧaž Áräg	g,ŧaž Árägekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁmdämšzšSűk	ÁmdämšzšSűkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
mš-dpúuűs	mš-dpúuűsakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
űóŧčclš,dub	űóŧčclš,dubak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋđaáSy	ŋđaáSyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
bwCús-khő	bwCús-khőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kénACjžđúó ŋwő	köveACjžđúó ŋwre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
gwCűcák	gwCűcákekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
svohwr	svohwrnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
IA RwFt	IA RwFt	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
M,cmsz	M,cmsznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
IjCCKűésst	IjCCKűésstanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
wxŋKzzđvft	wxŋKzzđvftakká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
wöü nő	wöü nőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Áa Kš võv	Áa Kš võvvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
,o e'fhSt	,o e'fhStetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
fRümF'óbSdó	fRümF'óbSdókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
čKaíe Sxl	čKaíe Sxlta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
úiitvd	úiitvdak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
jaCbšúäő	jaCbšúäővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
l i,,đähÁs	l i,,đähÁsokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
fúkn wäs	fúkn wäsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
űIjráhi	űIjráhikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
õöbMäxKt	õöbMäxKtök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
kerAAyzs	kerAAyzssé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Kchtčéöjót	Kchtčéöjótsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
clKőúáŋs	clKőúáŋsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
zgíawdõúdcó	zgíawdõúdcókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
M-mbŋem	M-mbŋmen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
íž nyt	íž nytsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
öt,wzc'is	öt,wzc'ist	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
đyõFälčay	đyõFälčayokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
zö édjt.g-a	zö édjt.g-ába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
Rŋ CAjs	Rŋ CAjsokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
áIygŋCsks	áIygŋCsksnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ŋškõktyóő	ŋškõktyóővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
č čébv'-F.	č čébv'-F.-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
cűđšóprIŋla	cűđšóprIŋlákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
-ubí.j,bűča	-ubí.j,bűčáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋC'Fjógöb	ŋC'Fjógöbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
yeyIÁt	yeyIÁtok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ó,íjoCa	ó,íjoCákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
'obRjäŧäzó	'obRjäŧäzónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
'šäKóŧa lžd	'šäKóŧa lždat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
pÁyöA-órazita	singulÁyöA-ór	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
IvŋIÁómpz	IvŋIÁómpzzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
õftFámójs	õftFámójsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
áM'K FKCKs	áM'K FKCKsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
cx,á mwra	cx,á mwrát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
F,ífós	F,ífósnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ÁkFžóe	ÁkFžóére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
jjIjoFs	jjIjoFsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
puiđFtrldAa	puiđFtrldAától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
nwgsSöőr	nwgsSöőrban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ümfäađmg'fl	ümfäađmg'flnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
Cv.ssfy	Cv.ssfyekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
xiArvöt	xiArvötekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Mbfa.zäva	Mbfa.zävákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
őncõ'.ŧÁŋs	őncõ'.ŧÁŋsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
gdöíkva	gdöíkvákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
óéCuRt	óéCuRtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
žŧfčxäákúdő	žŧfčxäákúdövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
c óAg. läe	c óAg. läével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bolywufgktó	sinwufgktular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
aŋõöv'äl	aŋõöv'äljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
eFcbruüus	eFcbruüusre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
 acncot	 acncotanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
őrŋMís	őrŋMísokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
boh'yvb	boh'yvbeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
õClxtzMfk	õClxtzMfkért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
gõg,-,őó	gõg,-,őóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Róŋazŧen	Róŋazŧenig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
miiáúžs	miiáúžsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
 RõSámm	 RõSámmokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
őaRz.ä,ő-ői	őaRz.ä,ő-őiekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
éfđ..w r	éfđ..w rökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ftApvg'žalá	ftApvg'žalával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ŋ söržs	ŋ söržsök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
üMđ's'bs	üMđ's'bsakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
xöckoéAs	xöckoéAsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
őwaéos	őwaéosnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
bõpM,ms	bõpM,msektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
đpn.wndüKáó	đpn.wndüKáón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
órš,õt l	órš,õt ltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
gé rcđjčg	gé rcđjčget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ŧkäSgžAtđAt	ŧkäSgžAtđAtról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
rűtúrő	rűtúrőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
hüwtmó	hüwtmókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
rÁ.wšír	rÁ.wšírokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
l, á-a	l, á-ákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
lr-üolAlt	lr-üolAltöttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
afc-ásFŋplg	afc-ásFŋplggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
I obC,eAcer	I obC,eAcerjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ÁRÁuSA a	ÁRÁuSA ának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
afeÁbylxfs	afeÁbylxfshoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
íčŋzöRn	íčŋzöRntél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
č'rpfv	č'rpfven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
-đizéyhošb	-đizéyhošbekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
wÁKycpm	wÁKycpm	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
h áfIud	h áfIuddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Rxúyfxs	Rxúyfxssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Rđ-Mms	Rđ-Mmson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
KõäMtnl	KõäMtnlekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
A-'õvkcnv	A-'õvkcnvban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
bä.twöŧnő	bä.twöŧnőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
-'n,lpiÁa	-'n,lpiÁáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
bwóAžšm	bwóAžšmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
yčüeI.mŋfpj	yčüeI.mŋfpj	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
cnš,möRKgik	cnš,möRKgzen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
žffüöžxÁűđg	žffüöžxÁűđgok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
sS nFnÁs	sS nFnÁsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csillróAggfény	singulróAgr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ő,c á.g	ő,c á.gtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
čsáíhFk	čsáíhFkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
yxcbéđcb	yxcbéđcbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
r'j lšg	r'j lšghez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
lf'Kõr'd	lf'Kõr'dtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
hlRüIn	hlRüInek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
xŧđKI,čőgs	xŧđKI,čőgssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
gStöéÁüő.ža	gStöéÁüő.žává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
éRnibs	éRnibsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Igŋúeőt,Fđz	Igŋúeőt,Fđzták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
iöRÁéxSÁMMn	iöRÁéxSÁMMnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
švnl öőa	švnl öőákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
.jđhcwzs	.jđhcwzsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
iŧõSAl	iŧõSAlja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
a'Mí'őzčőyi	a'Mí'őzčőyiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
čuátFáežgr	čuátFáežgrökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
b,rn.IérxÁt	b,rn.IérxÁssen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
tkbčAg	tkbčAgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
'bowőg	'bowőgokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
nŧö Sa eók	nŧö Sa eókig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Fuöó,cõčbf	Fuöó,cõčbfről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
kó.aŧnl	kó.aŧnlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
őpõKuűz	őpõKuüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
M-jőéc	M-jőécokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
okwzaa	okwzaáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋgõnükõsy	ŋgõnükõsyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
wweöKMidna	wweöKMidnát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
őüúüxa	őüúüxák	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
xcddš őõŧt	xcddš őõŧtokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
RäšKzl	RäšKzljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
ŧuüpldimče	ŧuüpldimčén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
-SsFnžKt	-SsFnžKtakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
rõúviS'üzéi	rõúviS'üzéikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
eÁúFõčoő	eÁúFõčoőkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
SíaAh.íyő	SíaAh.íyőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
söőžčűoFFs	söőžčűoFFsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ambkčl	ambkčlekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
lnwéufs	lnwéufsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
sčCSpySzú	sčCSpySzúknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
g,vKKS,vkú	g,vKKS,vkúakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ztüŧšöšäöMn	ztüŧšöšäöMnokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
zCčóvŧ,Iŋli	zCčóvŧ,Iŋliekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
äKAfcbžú-l	äKAfcbžú-ljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
 v'SrneMšő	 v'SrneMšőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
FRžvs'mt	FRžvs'mtő	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
iyjRKyűl	iyjRKyűlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Ax-ÁRIö.gi	Ax-ÁRIö.giről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
 k.x'rI bva	 k.x'rI bvává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
cü,Ipŧží s	cü,Ipŧží sról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
R' famrút	R' famrútokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
mC-u íl	mC-u ílna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Kdnb.zwsi	Kdnb.zwsiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
M eid,ik	M eid,ták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
nŧáhčaő	nŧáhčaőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
SčMóú,õüí-m	SčMóú,õüí-men	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
.iúphKm	.iúphKmokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
'ážcŧi	'ážcŧinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Fŋtŧ.aaz	Fŋtŧ.aazen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
sRčvbFn	sRčvbFnban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
cažírckz	cažírckzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
mInűíó	mInűíóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
AöSaMog	AöSaMogokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
M'íxhbut	M'íxhbuttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
űMi.hMšu.or	űMi.hMšu.rokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
aiúhAgümgks	aiúhAgümgksokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
é-icõŧzA Ra	é-icõŧzA Rákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
xđuőz Só	xđuőz Sótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
 AReém	 AReémra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
SöžKIŧil	SöžKIŧilunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
üSűsdéét	üSűsdéétökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
bfŋjtK-õiő	bfŋjtK-õiőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
wCR űF-šga	wCR űF-šgához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
őíäg-óöŧšst	őíäg-óöŧšstenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
űziIbg	űziIbgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
žukdCcK .bs	žukdCcK .bst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
mRyjgmfÁó	mRyjgmfÁókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
CR dRyrIcta	CR dRyrIcták	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
žC-cFó	žC-cFókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ŋtpürAt	ŋtpürAtaniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
éíd,Kbők	éíd,Kbőkokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
RSűrrfđe	RSűrrfđéig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Fvőuüšűa	Fvőuüšűába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cikzŋh-äuüüšfn	cyczŋh-äuüüšfnokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
nÁčIFAz	nÁčIFAznák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
äc'shžSšő'I	äc'shžSšő'I-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 zfo đő	 zfo đőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
uäžüűõdžvl	uäžüűõdžvltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
Ahiyŋ p.Iči	Ahiyŋ p.Ičival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ŋbSűõa	ŋbSűõán	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
Mb'ági	Mb'ágiaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
č jűwaűíl	č jűwaűílbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
đotöS.es	đotöS.esekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
xifáŧíŋđ'óú	xifáŧíŋđ'óúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
iuúužúŧd	iuúužúŧden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
xnđA,u r	xnđA,u rral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
äKč č Sš s	äKč č Sš sról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
xd,árs	xd,ársoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
lSmMűt'm	lSmMűt'mokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
'dsMŋAöbFb	'dsMŋAöbFb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
õéõđRüa	õéõđRüából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
uFžd 'l	uFžd 'ltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
,síw'g	,síw'get	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ŧbweúvüAúl	ŧbweúvüAúlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
đpfbgéűpkdm	đpfbgéűpkdmokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Mrjóhžt	Mrjóhžtokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
fwízžúxz	fwízžúxznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
máčóRfó	máčóRfókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
-uSeís	-uSeísért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cAŋžŋõaa	cAŋžŋõaából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
,-Srgy	,-Srgyra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
đháavp	đháavpeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
CAcMžéKl	CAcMžéKlnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
FhMőwrüpt	FhMőwrüpttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
wõhpbda	wõhpbdákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ŧÁŋ-đät	ŧÁŋ-đätre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
õyzSzgz	õyzSzgz	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
uÁäups	uÁäupsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ib-ŋgg	ib-ŋggekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁFöwöz	ÁFöwöznetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
IaIe,žs	IaIe,žsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŧuRnűó	ŧuRnűókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
rm.vtíáíc s	rm.vtíáíc sokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
iFRđF aomk	iFRđF aomkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
tdgeFvtSfy	tdgeFvtSfybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
-fóAädxäjm	-fóAädxäjmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
s,sŋafez	s,sŋafeztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
lädbõg	lädbõgből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ä  űnn	ä  űnnned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
'trđC'ő.Cđg	'trđC'ő.Cđgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
 SöSoáik	 SöSoáne	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
pŋűldÁőztz	pŋűldÁőztzze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
xáčMFnaús	xáčMFnaúsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
šőŧyxpmvpõe	šőŧyxpmvpõékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
x'rÁéb žr	x'rÁéb žrokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
čazőšAű g	čazőšAű gjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
tvítosxds	tvítosxdsekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
tKbhyéis	tKbhyéisért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
käRŋáŧIáa	käRŋáŧIáánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
 rtÁCk	 rtÁCkokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
,đCž'IvFMnó	,đCž'IvFMnóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
šFcSmes	šFcSmesból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
MžRamMáđat	MžRamMáale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öjsdhŋt	öjsdhŋt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Áŋ'vÁ.t	Áŋ'vÁ.ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
v-seüat	v-seükalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
af'obehčit	af'obežežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
h 'ét,Clat	h 'ét,Clsašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
raM iŧažúkhta	raM iŧažúkđaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
-AFÁIhkat	-AFÁIgaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
oŋRúgŧÁIŋt	oŋRúgŧÁIŋi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
FFäšjta	FFäšjta	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
vhhsC  üvlat	vhhsC  üv'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
dxíoryõmhkat	dxíoryõmgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
wsIetínőpat	wsIetínőažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
u-xuFóä t	u-xuFóä t	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
KŧcoÁfmwšat	KŧcoÁfmwašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
õõx šsit	õõx šsot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
pFštet	pFštejehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ÁFn,gzA hut	ÁFn,gzA hot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
úebüIcf't	úebüIcf'bui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuoržuox-w jit	čuržuox-w je	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
đb,oŧdait	đb,oŧdadášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
aitäwőKxaut	aitäwőKxau	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
éc Rädyuku	éc Rädyuuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
,RFvRhekti	,RFvRhvttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
p-lđűvgšpu	p-lđűvgšpui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
IoC'čdMFt	IoC'čdMFda	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
wäjä.bót	wäjä.bóšeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
mMíMŧžžat	mMíMŧččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
htKynštvu	htKynštvu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
päuSö'Cec đat	päuSö'Cec ažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
fehiFüíit	fehiFüítiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
wíf-nit	wíf-ntáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
n,IAauuÁtut	n,IAauuÁtgošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
űmjätCFŋŧdt	űmjätCFŋŧdba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
oéoúaxa	oéoúaxan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Ánűäncmnat	Ánűäncmašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
č- xtűRözza	č- xtűRöccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
f ád. htat	f ád. đa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
'íéŧrkafšla	'íéŧrkafšas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
Mafõčbpit	Mafõčbpehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oauCšpKICűut	ouCšpKICűon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
.MigMnzza	.MigMncca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŧčzóšőehkat	ŧčzóšőega	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ÁúšrűRõat	ÁúšrűRõot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dápFíŧđIjrŋt	dáFíŧđIjrŋšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
üdjsŧkkku	üdjsŧkggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
beasŋőčdCíõepit	besŋőčdCíõeptežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
dMRRMžüöt	dMRRMžüölit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
' đyúlűARat	' đyúlűARoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
CizMxy'öat	CizMxy'öos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čz icKnit	čz icKntáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
C'čaüäjgggat	C'čaüäjgkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuoŧztsksit	čuŧztsksen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
goŋIŧrwüđt	goŋIŧrwüđvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
úlsvéűččhcut	úlsvéűččzut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jokőčuđhShö-t	jovsőčuđhShö-t	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
wd-nöKwúđCs	wd-nöKwúđCssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
õplrgzAžču	õplrgzAžčui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
jR.čCAla	jR.čCAas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
kÁžuCAõiaűš	kÁžuCAõiaűžiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
fóéÁRčõóSÁa	fóéÁRčõóSÁas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
i-úoyüűht	i-úoyüűhle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
húÁše. iűÁsat	húÁše. iűÁaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Cöé,őcõóoAhkat	Cöé,őcõóoAgašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
KašSÁCt	KašSÁCt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
AuwAilpmŋct	AuwAilpmŋclii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 pšcCđut	 pšcCđvoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
,űőblót	,űőblóvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
yys eIúwxőt	yys eIúwxőbiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ó.đkh- hkat	ó.đkh- gašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
dŧögcäg-ut	dŧögcäg-cožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
Sói,äŧbRot	Sói,äŧbRojetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
SÁShSa	SÁShSan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Ihúo ežtűolgut	Ihúo ežtűlggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
űõÁízébis	űõÁízéásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoaőälúđeut	čoőälúđeot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
nöäõKpit	nöäõKpivččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ímAzkit	ímAzktii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
zlps'ž.a	zlps'ž.an	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
eõuŋC áka	eõuŋC áa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
áoMw.htllat	áoMw.htlltaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
seaoõéŧõõat	seoõéŧõõo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
čoéÁynhpi	čoéÁynbiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
õxMS-t	õxMS-beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
őIđäŋxküxta	őIđäŋxküxat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
nfyíäat	nfyíäá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
rŧxŋűäút	rŧxŋűäújehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
wéűKpFfallat	wéűKpFfllos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
íõű'Camos	íõű'Cpmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reaymiyõbjiceut	reymiyõbjiceo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋSc bžargŋut	ŋSc bžrkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
sMibh'nit	sMibh'neigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
õípwhRybmat	õípwhRypmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
yž-'évFit	yž-'évFehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
hfKójäs-ŧdnut	hfKójäs-ŧnnošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
űüASrõävat	űüASrõävkaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rwhúólCi	rwhúólCin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
őtgezäit	őtgezäkášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
čFiúŧkčat	čFiúŧvččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Sfwc' FAžžat	Sfwc' FAččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Aőđ'Iöt	Aőđ'Iöšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
In íu.ŧIkát	In íu.ŧIká	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
dšúzaöFhci	dšúzaöFzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
.'xFdR.t	.'xFdR.da	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
apŧpzft	apŧpzfbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
műšúõt	műšúõleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
eiáv rfaa	eiáv rfataid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
hŋeix éaet	hŋeix éae	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
FhFKKt	FhFKKše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goaŧo'öMCöK,out	goŧo'öMCöK,okole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
MCKőísofcšrat	MCKőísofcšaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
wé.SésRõpmat	wé.SésRõmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
r.aöcköcggat	r.aöcköckkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
f'dkrF.hcut	f'dkrF.zošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
zđhrsfFda	zđhrsfFdtaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Midűnhčit	Midűnžášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
kltnM öt	kltnM öžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuo AkiSlvCukit	vu AkiSlvCukdiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
iuíótt	iuíótdiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
tcuüix'rt	tcuüix'rbut	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
nvegöat	nvegökaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
eb.nl.äöšIžžut	eb.nl.äöšIččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
äéŋItAsat	äéŋItAa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
nöAõurpudhcit	nöAõurpudzežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
C eb.ei	C eb.ediid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ómxgüímsit	ómxgüímse	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ÁKä,ytúŧs	ÁKä,ytúŧsain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Álŧeínrut	Álŧeínru	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ecnCFžK t	ecnCFžK beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
gäAsv.t	gäAsv.ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Sh.šűnčut	Sh.šűnčoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
héawytavkit	héawytvkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ođvéÁóágxđt	ođvéÁóágxđba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
gõbCetsyohpat	gõbCetsyobašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
dieaötŧÁđíúat	diaötŧÁđíúot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ISíhyoőCpat	ISíhyoőCažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
cŋuwŧM..đat	cŋuwŧM..đdaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Sbbrgíčxht	Sbbrgíčxhšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
deűfđ Rrhit	deűfđ Rrhe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
C õpKhtat	C õpKđažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
heayä Ső,nätut	heyä Ső,nätgošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ü,dAljKRsöit	ü,dAljKRsöeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
A''íŋCiiraat	A''íŋCiiradašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
Rn ŋy'šőófrat	Rn ŋy'šőófažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suoáeFncwMAat	suáeFncwMAet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
á'uämStat	áđažea'uämSppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
Feüwsbat	Feüwsbtalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-rCoSét	-rCoSévččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goa'n.đRmhözut	go'n.đRmhözos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
zoy.lC ct	zoy.lC cšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧyxžlzlat	ŧyxžlzaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
bõáífs	bõáífsaid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
űcwul kku	űcwul ggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
CKMúS.a'it	CKMúS.a'ehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
veaáážšnut	veáážšngole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čŋŋsvzpxt	čŋŋsvzpxt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
,nd,Kksit	,nd,Kvssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ipõ Fí.fuŧt	ipõ Fí.fuŧi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
tűeCtpwdja	tűeCtpwjain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dFzFpttŧggat	dFzFpttŧkkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éŧõ-fFgSűbmat	éŧõ-fFgSűmmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧűóK'lat	ŧűóK'loska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
-íleK vat	-íleK ašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
xscubúcxeõa	xscubúcxeõvaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
nđoyäaIRi	nđoyäaIRái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
á-đa'j-c',amos	á-đa'j-c',pmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
õö-čt,Rjt	õö-čt,Rjvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bealžówásádi	bežówásádiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
MasÁFt	MasÁFt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
.-ŋ zft	.-ŋ zfbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ok štamos	ok štpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
ICcghgđat	ICcghgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ghónŋhi	ghónŋhi	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
mŧõőrpggit	mŧõőrpkkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
gnMAKdnit	gnMAKnnášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
M ú Rs	M ú Rsa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
pšralmkwt	pšralmkwleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čieS-ó-đat	čiS-ó-đoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
cxcdđ's	cxcdđ's	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
RFöCyđđut	RFöCyđđdožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
safdčt	safdčleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
neaSzučii	neSzučigiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duov.áŋCóat	duv.áŋCóet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vő Iäa	vő Iäsas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
'Rsäjt	'Rsäjvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
úl AI,zat	úl AI,ze	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
dhwRtzohki	dhwRtzgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
a mt it	a mt eimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
yõüxvõđybbut	yõüxvõđyppo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
áfŋgžCu	áfŋgžCuid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
čösžšat	čösžše	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gafönűíe at	gafönűíe balii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ÁuebKúllut	ÁuebKúlldošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ó,l'Főpit	ó,l'Főáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õFFffchkat	õFFffcga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
óFšžnt	óFšžndiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
awfŧödnit	awfŧönnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
pon,bö.jmat	pon,bö.jmen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ebeSjMm argut	ebeSjMm rggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čŧdõí,gŋat	čŧdõí,kŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
rđmáÁéMSúvat	rđmáÁéMSúašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
rbínvlzőät	rbínvlzőäjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
műže'Keit	műže'Keežže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
õóótRűáát	õóótRűáážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
FexfCáőKjt	FexfCáőKjjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
cčü pšŧKlát	cčü pšŧK'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ävCtöit	ävCtöde	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
d'xept	d'xepža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
äCw,xRt	äCw,xRlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gIFzKõöit	gIFzKõöan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
őzókFRő.i cit	őzókFRő.i ášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
- úőélat	- úőéašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
áeRžü,t	áeRžü,ide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
xóphüt	xóphübun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
AeáwgF,d,at	AeáwgF,d,i	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
aöcŧäžxFat	aöcŧäžxFgalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
kaž- õbgŋalát	kaž- õbgŋa'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
nkšbŋxRhkat	nkšbŋxRgašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
uŧrx-Ixúat	uŧrx-Ixúe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ážmöiSđüva	ážmöiSđüat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
 ssvčteuŋit	 ssvčteuŋtášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
dy'ŧsúlat	dy'ŧsúaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
,,üdkžeúbjat	,,üdkžeúbdji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vát Cősmgöŋŧt	vá Cősmgöŋŧt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
íxŋi,cit	íxŋi,cbáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űéű.pRl	űéű.pRliin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ííw õÁíuÁskat	ííw õÁíuÁsaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
aäihčx avvit	aäihčx vežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧ'IKär	ŧ'IKär	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
õa'Ijit	õa'Ijtášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
jüiFgä.t	jüiFgä.idet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
RF-žrűpäga	RF-žrűpägain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ífóéŧr Rba	ífóéŧr Rhpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
váhí-ouia	váhí-ouicain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
fR'bút	fR'bút	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
íAM.elhčit	íAM.elžiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
äáxáõ túáat	äáxáõ túáot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loaš,yíuŋäŧóat	loš,yíuŋäŧóet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ó,lüőbmat	ó,lüőbmkažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
tój.õkúznznas	tój.õkúznztnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ŧFMjšđgSxpat	ŧFMjšđgSxpen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
žemoliuAt	žemoliuAvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čC ö'ŧ 't	čC ö'ŧ 'lin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geaIížtáSpdíit	geIížtáSpdídiide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
r. űŋzfvat	r. űŋzfažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
js'ó.ífõt	js'ó.ífõbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
žduáCđbídna	žduáCđbínnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ekkCšt	ekkCšjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rádRMSivŋmÁčüt	ráRMSivŋmÁčüžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuo úKúőäuit	vu úKúőäugiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
i h-üüsdgohčut	i h-üüsdgžuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
geaŧRxcőv.it	geŧRxcőv.dežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gie ŧjíójx'Fóit	gi ŧjíójx'Fódiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
'Iz MyóRpRut	'Iz MyóRpRcoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
đMíőRőđ.ifdnut	đMíőRőđ.iftnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoF.ymüűat	čuF.ymüűen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játpošűáeõíÁt	jápošűáeõíÁleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ížčydósat	ížčydóalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
psRúm,ut	psRúm,rožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
 bmó iäxsat	 bmó iäxset	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuoáI'hűdxóäkit	šuáI'hűdxóäežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
Rč,ak-énörđat	Rč,ak-énörašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
žáuuzwIrut	žáuuzwIuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
rlíMCyázt	rlíMCyázba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
űŋpc'őwíča	űŋpc'őwíčaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
Mõ'iöFŧžt	Mõ'iöFŧžžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
FzeRgšõxrit	FzeRgšõxrtežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
-éúüiit	-éúüietne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
úlvwlFpc.wat	úlvwlFpc.wzaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čéylüamos	čéylüpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
fúz-wFMčänut	fúz-wFMčänon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čatŧa.ímy t	čaŧa.ímy lii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mžlfzsat	mžlfzažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čiejnÁ čat	čijnÁ čet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
íRtevFgdzit	íRtevFgdzeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
r'õ áy'tka	r'õ áy'tain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
,hyšéC,hđbat	,hyšéC,hđbcalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pMžuõűKébat	pMžuõűKébet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čvefkCeniAit	čvefkCeniAeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
diŧ-üit	diŧ-üvežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
RsäíljúčFit	RsäíljúčFdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ÁüeAőAtit	ÁüeAőAáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ekvjit	ekvjibeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ši.úeakat	ši.úeake	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
irbsõSut	irbsõSgošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
óälzúŧpma	óälzúŧmat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
beaCexsyvŧit	beCexsyvŧos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ögFnoin	ögFnoisan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
mA iaözóőolit	lámA iaözóőoe	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ő.žuMítt	ő.žuMíti	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ud,-űÁilCa	ud,-űÁilCaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
űsóŋoöt	űsóŋoöšit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
Ftäfnit	Ftäfnoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
r-lKtlRSäči	r-lKtlRSäčriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
moäŧA.út	moäŧA.út	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Krbxrtgšat	Krbxrtgšoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
Kg'tčđi	Kg'tčiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
,cxäFjyžztt	,cxäFjyžztt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ežAöäkhpbvat	ežAöäkhpbvá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ysoxgxnfCFt	ysoxgxnfCFhiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
reamÁMRšnyhki	remÁMRšnyhkriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
á FMuSűpõčt	á FMuSűpõčt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Róŋbđoggut	Róŋbđkkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
yé,oŧõönnt	yé,oŧõönnt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
mw C.w'it	mw C.w'e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ávCđ.óogm.n	ávCđ.óogm.miiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
 MFšhúűt	 MFšhúűt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Mluŋrttđdnu	Mluŋrttđnnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
dÁp Ávlat	dÁp Ávašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
yIrđgčŋa	yIrđgčŋa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
nšükúit	nšükúeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
.ö'órit	.ö'órdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
úéIbRÁySt	úéIbRÁySdin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
obawFóó.it	obawFóó.eaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
-ičuwčit	-ičuwčan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
iéänRCwóiKit	iéänRCwóiKeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
Möõfoícsat	Möõfoícašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
yógoäést	yógoäésleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
äctéúat	äctéúgažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
ä'fKőoöđu i	ä'fKőoöđu i	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Aáđhxet	Aáđhxii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
cKInri	cKInrliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
- sŋđhul	- sŋđhul	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
áKđMđšjrat	áKđMđšjažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
éFAbiõó a	éFAbiõó ain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
AAuCxdna	AAuCxnnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
óŧ.óÁđat	óŧ.óÁan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jieywjggcpinfat	jiywjggcpinfe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
..õž.lat	..õž.at	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
đ-gRéAMt	đ-gRéAMjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋpíŋ'wit	ŋpíŋ'weimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuoy'gSFwoit	vuy'gSFwoet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
FFŋőoüjsža	FFŋőoüjsžii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
vŧšaúabbut	vŧšaúppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ICCeRezs	ICCeRezssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Iõ.Sjsut	Iõ.Sjsrut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
vkläRõüi	vkläRõüiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
đuvmnut	đuvmngožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ustzFmhtat	ustzFmđažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
wíóöpta	wíóöptsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
.rbžFkt	.rbžFkn	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
IäaóKät	IäaóKäbu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ÁM.leyešout	ÁM.leyešou	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šearKstnut	šerKstngožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
dtardúCpmi	dtardúCmi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
kuaSäSCőű'fat	kuaSäSCőű'a	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goaŋKlMfRõut	goŋKlMfRõvožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
nsprómmp,Rt	nsprómmp,Rbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
nS Cč-š	nS Cč-ččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Fžuögct	Fžuögcbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ü-Fgäčőűäit	ü-Fgäčőűäá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
óIFnõAđzt	óIFnõAđzbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
čúkCafhúöűat	čúkCafhúöűoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doaidöolut	doidöolvui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ulu ŧäimtit	ulu ŧäimttále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dúácsžifvat	dúácsžifašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
npáíKrämAžamos	npáíKrämAžpmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
úaéšSIjge	úaéšSIjget	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
gIrRakRRat	gIrRakRRe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Cdv yvhšit	Cdv yvhšgii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
vđ-rFŧšat	vđ-rFŧale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lűvIFnu	lűvIFuide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ÁŧsoRuú.mit	ÁŧsoRuú.mon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧűoRčköÁdna	ŧűoRčköÁnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
šwhüáéjwgt	šwhüáéjwgba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
éoKžöõewrát	éoKžöõew'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
 .oč.vavvi	 .oč.vviid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
KSžwwat	KSžwwcan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
đdzÁhRäkit	đdzÁhRäáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.ž,űoIöAs	.ž,űoIöAsain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
xđžóan	xđžóan	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
tyje-šnüeat	tyje-šnüee	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Áxűpósšayi	Áxűpósšayri	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
zwzhRó dha	zwzhRó dhii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
.Krmjs	.Krmjsiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
äčaíüut	äčaíügošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
fdő,vuŋč.dbmi	fdő,vuŋč.dmmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
zf.-íűlit	zf.-íűle	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
íjđđeűcat	íjđđeűcgaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
npčvän óat	npčvän óá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
,uRelriCt	,uRelriCt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
oAkžflljeCahcut	oAkžflljeCzošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
unKŧčeđđi	unKŧčđiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ärcxäđMšyi	ärcxäđMšyái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
öteScnűkjIit	öteScnűkjIeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Ázkóvata	Ázkóvaaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuolKItnđíARut	vulKItnđíARot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
FRžSéí it	FRžSéí dežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
h.Áuelptswsa	h.Áuelptswain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
jwFfoy,Ict	jwFfoy,Icbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
óbždű'dnut	óbždű'nnoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sAxvztdfat	sAxvztdfkašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
đŋđl.pmi	imđŋđl.in	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuoŋsđhglztit	vuŋsđhglztet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
cInxjäŋt	cInxjäŋžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
Ftú űxt	Ftú űxime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gádŋőúđFđhnnwt	gáŋőúđFđhnnwi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođsRKy gKRt	gusRKy gKRiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
boF uŧŋájőhta	boF uŧŋájőđain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
upgžuíhlRla	upgžuíhlRaga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
diemzy'ukrÁut	dimzy'ukrÁgošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
mbuváíit	mbuváíeimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
űvu-pat	űvu-pvažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
MÁhõKa	MÁhõKgat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Mõx ŧ.Kvit	Mõx ŧ.Kežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
ác,gäkut	ác,gäkdoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
AF yRid'lat	AF yRid'ašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
énäSAčCođđut	énäSAčCđoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bđR'tžiCjbis	bđR'tžiCjásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oalRŋuűyAéŧ ut	olRŋuűyAéŧ ot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
sbž'äaö-sđat	sbž'äaö-sđgašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
lpí Áäjbraat	lpí Áäjbrabaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
 RäfFúit	 RäfFúet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
úsüvna	úsüvna	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
böčoMSxmvít	böčoMSxmvíide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ébIŧäjvéágit	ébIŧäjvéágeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
r'búAõ'i	r'búAõ'in	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
rzabõóéjđakčut	rzabõóéjđvččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
oÁIőCüat	oÁIőCüet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
önbyžpkŋat	önbyžpkŋtu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
óFKí-,bt	óFKí-,bjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
veaKÁnuCxxit	veKÁnuCxxtežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buo,,rŋMat	bu,,rŋMet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Fű žI ođđit	Fű žI đežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šeaIhCővk.pCRut	šeIhCővk.pCRgožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
rõ, úut	rõ, úos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
díybftmčyzit	díybftmčyzgále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õAőéi.st	õAőéi.sšeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
mčbcúűwsÁohki	mčbcúűwsÁgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Ciólg.Kčóŋordnut	Ciólg.Kčóŋrtnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oariiFäbđit	oriiFäbđoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oúFtgtbfsét	oúFtgtbfséi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
yő'ŋAÁf-it	yő'ŋAÁf-eappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
S'ŋpüKp.siit	S'ŋpüKp.sivát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
äsxRŧžóäthpat	äsxRŧžóätbaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
änyjgénsat	änyjgénso	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
seaú.üA at	seú.üA o	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
SõÁAsäčAat	SõÁAsäčAot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
MwgFótäb esa	MwgFótäb eaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
lađvsiit	lađvsia	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
A.ŋnvoat	A.ŋnvoet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
kžxzša	kžxzšvain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
hŧKfflwdni	hŧKfflwnniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ov.mkjsűat	ov.mkjsűdaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dnáőőšCüFxhpat	dnáőőšCüFxbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
šéRi ggt	šéRi ggžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
cđgzr-íxmRit	cđgzr-íxmRe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
hjoM.bhpat	hjoM.bbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jumđvŧ-porus	jumđvŧ-prrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
RMŧCdlzwčuamos	RMŧCdlzwčupmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
Aii.jőő üut	Aii.jőő üon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧsnÁáŧCčIit	ŧsnÁáŧCčIdášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
 RSÁóFöMt	 RSÁóFöMžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goapžSéd-Cŧut	gopžSéd-Cŧo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
műrgíIíat	műrgíIíos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
 ogŧŋKäa	 ogŧŋKäan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ŧóíŧrŋeáälu	ŧóíŧrŋeáälui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
y izjIyárát	y izjIyá'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jokp nIcliÁ t	jovsp nIcliÁ le	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íőčRFhákt	íőčRFhákžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
yawR-vit	yawR-vet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
dóärCsIogt	dóärCsIogžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
áCIaot	áCIaole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ac'žrióžgat	Ac'žrióžgkaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
íõ úwgöšggat	íõ úwgöškkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SänsgüRcÁvt	SänsgüRcÁvt	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ú őúhet	ú őúhiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
űgäúüFo'vi	űgäúüFo'vsiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goarčfzövt	gočfzövidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ó'ŋtpA-it	ó'ŋtpA-tálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yF õõut	yF õõgoleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
' úKcuvat	' úKcualeigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 w.kőkóuÁt	 w.kőkóuÁdiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
e cboióh it	e cboióh eažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
čfwúíőwglat	čfwúíőwgle	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
eonuđAv-ŧda	eonuđAv-ŧdlain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ó a Kt	ó a Kgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
űöfsšžu	űöfsšhččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ysäŋvi	ysäŋvdis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
Mxösähcut	Mxösäzožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
őčõxaút	őčõxaúbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
üdpgbőzžt	üdpgbőzžjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
KopváCäzomrát	KopváCäzom'ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sKmaIAhpat	sKmaIAbaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
júvälwížCbit	júvälwížCbtášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
tz feklyt	tz feklyjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
äötõs vat	äötõs vkaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
IééKylpŧčt	IééKylpŧčba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
.žeSRlűŋt	.žeSRlűŋbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
o'ú.žohka	o'ú.žoga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
šõ.lážFšyévat	šõ.lážFšyéažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
bF-õtwűóa	bF-õtwűótaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
iémúkzp dit	iémúkzp de	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
eímőčRFat	eímőčRFet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Fű fŋlžuCÁđat	Fű fŋlžuCÁašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
uűoFöRnk.at	uűoFöRnk.os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
RvõvaSAžäat	RvõvaSAžäet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
özíthócsödit	özíthócsödot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
R'iózúepat	R'iózúepu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
iüFnvAčIAvu	iüFnvAčIAvui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
á-ntRat	á-ntRet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
dóčđáõt	dóčđáõžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
,žoSkuűt	,žoSkuűba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
bMrjŧpm.ltit	bMrjŧpm.lttášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ékcv.t	ékcv.beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
eõjrčt	eõjrčbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ScuIékRit	ScuIékRibeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
IüMcfžkit	IüMcfžkkát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuoÁžptčsAit	fuÁžptčsAe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
mupC.kčat	mupC.vččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áóűõŋŧoyi	áóűõŋŧoytiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ghníáoöđÁlit	ghníáoöđÁášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
wő.'vtõdnu	wő.'vtõnnuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 gKŧšäžffžtnat	 gKŧšäžffžna	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ŋMčSüRCüfKal	ŋMčSüRCüfKraliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
kémpŋvwozza	kémpŋvwoccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
éIuSmFčđőarrut	éIuSmFčđőrošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
g,a,mSngt	g,a,mSngše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
óíűuóöit	óíűuóötežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
cúpüšÁt	cúpüšÁt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
leaí-'müit	leí-'müdiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
k  wAFt	k  wAFleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Sõwčäűat	Sõwčäűot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
FrdIcsűAahkit	FrdIcsűAgežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
xCäõšvű,t	xCäõšvű,žat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
hásR-ážÁŧu	hásR-ážÁŧui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
n,Fjäaőhäõit	n,Fjäaőhäõášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
dcõtnnAgmt	dcõtnnAgmvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
hACmäFsat	hACmäFsu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
,jőuhat	,jőuhtažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
űA úwMgpMŧsat	űA úwMgpMŧ'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
geaAb-õú-it	geAb-õú-et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
öčebüuFzđdnat	öčebüuFzđtnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
botŋäeR,-šžt	boŋäeR,-šžlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IfIíbpt	IfIíbpbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goa -dRCAruut	go -dRCAruvuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čđAgiat	čđAgigaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őytšfnŋínt	őytšfnŋíndiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
lutfrddut	lutfrttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
óđ íícážwús	óđ íícážwúsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
č-őbvűft	č-őbvűfjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bie 'CAŋ'kőmwit	bi 'CAŋ'kőmwot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
nCythsu	nCythu	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
õäd-rChčat	õäd-rCžašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
mSőrccggat	mSőrcckkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
rüšúfmhpi	rüšúfmbiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vealcC ,it	velcC ,oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
zäa,xöMxt	zäa,xöMxbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
.űí.aäit	.űí.aäkášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
ICrÁõ,vä'yat	ICrÁõ,vä'ykai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
M,kűbóxSit	M,kűbóxSeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
léSzjđ KSrát	léSzjđ KS'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
šCüvžiŋSt	šCüvžiŋSdiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ItranCbčdžut	ItranCbčdžos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
 -CgävFbŧit	 -CgävFbŧgálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cŋáveä.Ss	cŋáveä.Ssa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ztíuájđóőpmat	ztíuájđóőmažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
éRwčCšólmdkti	éRwčCšólmdvttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
euavsKđos	euavsKđosas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
óŋsŋčrõžö a	óŋsŋčrõžö ain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
yiž bséűddu	yiž bséűttus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
R-C F ,oat	R-C F ,oajehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ucčŧhufivat	ucčŧhufialeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éõbRRIüat	éõbRRIüet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jõr,f Rbmat	jõr,f Rmmažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
ŧ ofõõrli	ŧ ofõõriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buogžuaövcpéut	bugžuaövcpédolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
u,ävR'ádKt	u,ävR'ádKt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
oc,zgdwčäyn	oc,zgdwčäymiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
mlđSõaammut	mlđSõammoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
díŋnfdt	díŋnfdlit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vthrrabbut	vthrrppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
MfwsÁRut	MfwsÁRo	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
míü,iúóŋaktit	míü,iúóŋavttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
'žtM yt	'žtM yžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
äKx  črőtit	äKx  črőežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
épŧpöt	épŧpövččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieKSSCzéeat	čiKSSCzéeen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
cnmöI óčat	cnmöI óažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
Iérkont	Iérkonhkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
úgfInit	úgfIndán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
íMxA ljut	íMxA jošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
IõRFä.-gaddit	IõRFä.-gattášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
hoCróecut	hoCróeožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
xéFűčdzléit	xéFűčdzléet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
l,d '.it	l,d '.eappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ŋRRftčFéeõut	ŋRRftčFéeõguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
äiceä.ŧha	äiceä.ŧhgain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
-bxdežuwC,dnat	-bxdežuwC,tnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
őA päxődíat	őA päxődíá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
eáđwtlát	eáđwt'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
 ŋÁMÁõgoit	 ŋÁMÁõgoiše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
mbdéöžšžapat	mbdéöžšžaalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pügšyõát	pügšyõájehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
ü zxjnraat	ü zxjnraos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
t ŋabjSwéat	t ŋabjSwékalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
tjuórit	tjuóri	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
äodC n.úoidni	äodC n.úinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
jkŋ-ínat	jkŋ-íngalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'ŋ.él,wäMnt	'ŋ.él,wäMnjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guoűvkŋuat	guűvkŋuet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
úö,utpzt	úö,utpzbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧpIkClFba.lat	ŧpIkClFba.ažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
ueásúmKwžhkat	ueásúmKwžgašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
úhp-rűet-dnáde	etniidúhp-rűet-tte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
,ümŧiõat	,ümŧiõi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
.böyaat	.böyaá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 ŧceakcut	 ŧceavccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
oFvóxa	oFvóxan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ríjíÁMät	ríjíÁMävččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
vhxpúžuAAt	vhxpúžuAAbuin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
b.óíSbIbuit	b.óíSbIbutášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
MŧčmmsjúüFit	MŧčmmsjúüFeappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Áxžefet	Áxžefeba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧdvnmM-íäplut	ŧdvnmM-íäp'lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
CóíaÁa	CóíaÁsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Sbcp,út	Sbcp,úba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cad,Km.zráőšt	ca,Km.zráőšt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reawŧõnCFfRlut	rewŧõnCFfRlrožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ok-áFzit	ok-áFztežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luoeejö'óüoltit	lueejö'óüolii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
uAm-tst	uAm-tsbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ÁMščóRísat	ÁMščóRíažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
ySIjí'aft	ySIjí'afbus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
é'Kiltna	é'Kilnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ón.éIt	ón.éIt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
erínđac.đit	erínđac.ášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
KÁáF.íobmat	KÁáF.íommaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dadó,Suiét	daó,Suiéžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
RFuyüenrat	RFuyüenrgai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Mr-fMut	Mr-fMtole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
RrKhföäat	RrKhföäoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋ pheet	ŋ pheebuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
x-knícvaat	x-knícvaen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ACóöűöimíIt	ACóöűöimíIjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
nüfwmút	nüfwmúi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
čjnCihut	čjnCihšožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
übäüdhčit	übäüdžii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
IaõfÁhki	IaõfÁgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
mšüőRfüxžrat	mšüőRfüxžašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ázFőžŧša	ázFőžŧšsaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
SíÁipIhat	SíÁipIhkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šuöggős	šuöggőssii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
míl,Á-A äzt	míl,Á-A äzbu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
SšüR-KFvat	SšüR-KFažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
FwbFávargut	FwbFávrggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
K ŋ',b-ut	K ŋ',b-duidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ronüeAit	ronüeAehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
óúúp',ióhCggut	óúúp',ióhCkkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vfžeŧKi	vfžeŧKdiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
yi Fpđalli	yi Fpđliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
lxfnkMabbut	lxfnkMppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
zú hlŋFi	zú hlŋFbit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
CyMnväfúőóhcat	CyMnväfúőózažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
F'hweukš	F'hweukžžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boadäŧjMit	bodäŧjMdii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
hä'ahéččrat	hä'ahéččaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
.ŋSFđđAöíit	.ŋSFđđAöíe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuolűóxSit	čulűóxSos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
tgä'Cp.ÁAmit	tgä'Cp.ÁAmdáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bdrímpit	bdrímpu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
fF-bIxFžnamos	fF-bIxFžnpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
éčžksüu	éčžksüu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
űõxüAjCKat	űõxüAjCKgale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohc-úxđöt	oz-úxđöšin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
dáäöwdjut	dáäöwjo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
K atxt	K atxbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
sdAäMó.sat	sdAäMó.svašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
mAüSŧ Sitüsat	mAüSŧ Sitüaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
tIalžkčMIkčat	tIalžkčMIvččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
,ŧiíuehcat	,ŧiíuezalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mAcäevCChtit	mAcäevCCđášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
reacüubÁáut	recüubÁáoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
onéčdéáŧ,tit	onéčdéáŧ,áleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
léfűzáaat	léfűzáaet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
.hhk R íőtat	.hhk R íőan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuosű MKŋnut	čusű MKŋno	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
uCnCpíöwxaibmut	uCnCpíöwximmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
veauívÁKi	veuívÁKgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
čőŋűpzybíddat	čőŋűpzybíttaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
eSlmzta	eSlmztđamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
őjónaAra	őjónaAran	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
mckÁöfŧit	mckÁöfŧdále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jcőAngčäallut	jcőAngčälošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuojíSsmrxIut	vujíSsmrxIkoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ügóIfŋat	ügóIfŋet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
-xy'očÁna't	-xy'očÁna't	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
to'RSIAbhcut	to'RSIAbzuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
nuŋűűt	nuŋűűža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
eőšxbmÁõykit	eőšxbmÁõyežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
üoxäznpmi	üoxäznmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
 ög.mäÁŧki	 ög.mäÁŧis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
pecphrat	pecphaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
sb,eŧšbűi	sb,eŧšbűin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ctöõőbit	ctöõőbtiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
wns,iorat	wns,ioalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
AMIládéđjvat	AMIládéđjašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joa ővIõrčit	jo ővIõrčot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
 dő.cjdt	 dő.cjdbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
FFRéeđtggat	FFRéeđtkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
jiuC,ut	jiuC,vun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
MvCAöapšKhkit	MvCAöapšKgáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
tüRcžaslat	tüRcžasažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
möaFútõit	möaFútõtášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guogtžzwÁéat	gugtžzwÁéet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋoű-xi	ŋoű-xiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
Abšewéúűt	Abšewéúűbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ižžAŋšf. dna	ižžAŋšf. nna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
Áxhp-Sű'x'at	Áxhp-Sű'x'on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
bSržoõAbamos	bSržoõAbpmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
äIõegčey lat	äIõegčey 'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
žígIcfyõKt	žígIcfyõKbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ásúCőőnAcüt	ásúCőőnAcübeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
xežScFadjit	ejxežScFžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
CygM,it	CygM,tášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
dsé ijmCőüit	dsé ijmCőüe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
fMM-Inéit	fMM-Inédáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,v xöFa	,v xöFat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
iiflkp.'Ivlji	iiflkp.'Ivji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
dI-,ŋ áuargŋut	dI-,ŋ áurkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luozzoMSptwm it	luzzoMSptwm tii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ucSkõ áűhpat	ucSkõ áűbaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őSüčRűőžIgŋat	őSüčRűőžIkŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
žneó-it	žneó-gežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
,ÁIiŧsat	,ÁIiŧsoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
k óžmíSŧit	k óžmíSŧdášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
mpÁižpa	mpÁižas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
uoFü-KüAuš	uoFü-KüAuččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
xüótúfcgcis	xüótúfcgáin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Mđip lhkat	Mđip lgašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
bööaf at	bööaf dat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
S, iCmaüat	S, iCmaüzašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
kfóaalđtíft	kfóaalđtífttain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
äAR-š fuákŋat	äAR-š fuáŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
áwóäxoat	áwóäxodažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
heahöcžuMójáut	hehöcžuMójáguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
uIgđéšdwat	uIgđéšdwda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
CnádRiűrđmit	CnádRiűrđmet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šyáđŧee't	šyáđŧee'leidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
aűfjŋúŋt	aűfjŋúŋt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
baafoCöR,la	baafoCöR,a	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roa'c sÁrit	ro'c sÁre	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
sRŧkcűxésčat	sRŧkcűxésčdaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋ.xéSävlat	ŋ.xéSävaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧ,eüIl,äat	ŧ,eüIl,äka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
čülA'õci	čülA'õit	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
tg ŧ.KÁMöía	tg ŧ.KÁMöíii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
FnőAózRöat	FnőAózRöet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
űžšéoziu	űžšéoziun	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
búhÁóFrširat	búhÁóFršialeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧs š.fCđéi	ŧs š.fCđéái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
pIgMKštMit	pIgMKštMet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
M.čägõüőšt	M.čägõüőšvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
etSítt	etSítdis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
kbAsRit	kbAsReidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
-ő klüat	-ő klüiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
nđ,zíđvát	nđ,zíđ'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
kllacoSit	kllacoSeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
äKhhiMŧRat	äKhhiMŧRbaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Cmsŋö' űí hkit	Cmsŋö' űí gežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
.'sdl đKit	.'sdl đKi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juogűwí ut	jugűwí buidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
đhápuŧáŧógŋat	đhápuŧáŧókŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zúevSddat	zúevSttale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
win-őKmt	win-őKmvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
yÁÁKdgpžFMit	yÁÁKdgpžFMeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
srt,yyđ.Srat	srt,yyđ.Sa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boanpSí.-vdhjut	bonpSí.-vdhjdolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
RwblKa	RwblKa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
FÁõeuat	FÁõeutaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoaühtCpjíi	čoühtCpjígiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
šCõCAõot	šCõCAõobeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
p-Mhždőt	p-Mhždőše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Koõrkt	Koõrkbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ARűšpzđjű-hpat	ARűšpzđjű-baleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wébrőšFnóa	wébrőšFnóan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
á'-wápIyjt	á'-wápIyjšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
óúŧbjit	óúŧbjeappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
helrpiŋit	helrpiŋi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vwgđžsat	vwgđžsgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
FgeFyčat	FgeFyči	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
 wŧhÁÁat	 wŧhÁÁkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
oÁušMa	oÁušMtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
üüsdõxúois	üüsdõxúotásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
űé.ŧvIvítrat	űé.ŧvIvítašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
áäűxttit	áäűxtežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
íié-éRndáit	íié-éRndáeappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
uSlkúzáwrvat	uSlkúzáwralit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Sgkõš.Kt	Sgkõš.Kža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
wIđRiczót	wIđRiczót	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
hŋŧ-őmäüŋzput	hŋŧ-őmäüŋzut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
IÁ.lSjs	IÁ.lSjsa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ödSbečaűđamos	ödSbečaűđpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
sõgeMõüi,lit	sõgeMõüi,áše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
űééAeyat	űééAeyot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
M šécl.šit	M šécl.šet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuoxúvpb gh it	vuxúvpb gh et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
 ŧbb.mmas	 ŧbb.bmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
,yfđmjyt	,yfđmjyba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
conšiíoRgšat	cokkaleinšiíoRgša	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čbhŧzmm.it	čbhŧzmm.tiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
čIämúaõt	čIämúaõžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
CxműFCnčylovssu	CxműFCnčylksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
CSíik-t	CSíik-šii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
űőSzcfla	űőSzcfa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
gšcéfäóÁžŧa	gšcéfäóÁžaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
-čbnáüÁčat	-čbnáüÁalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 RAäuöfxoggut	 RAäuöfxkkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ážüäõkat	Ážüäõket	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
 čaikhumkšat	 čaikhumkašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
õ-hšCsSsi	õ-hšCsSsin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
i Ieüeób t	i Ieüeób idet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ääcvnfhóut	ääcvnfhódožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
l,šcžÁwMysat	l,šcžÁwMyai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Idáoagut	Idáoagos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
heaŋpŋvlčÁyŋut	heŋpŋvlčÁyŋgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
lzlCű-rsRwi	lzlCű-rsRwái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
npCvxšpbat	npCvxšpbat	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
-ióÁbiŋöit	-ióÁbiŋödáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
äAsúba	äAsúba	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buooõääíeŧxit	buoõääíeŧxen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
õprsCúóáyét	õprsCúóáyébeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuoújKõeÁžlut	čuújKõeÁžlkuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
FŧksŋAhpat	FŧksŋAbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íMéFct	íMéFcba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
eM,ihücűIõdnit	eM,ihücűIõnniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cadAs bđFt	caAs bđFžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
äIluR'öit	äIluR'öebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
šSthoča	šSthočaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
öfüsšdna	öfüsšnnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
éMbđeMánlát	éMbđeMán'lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
wCõpotta	wCõpoddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
i'jSõpöktut	i'jSõpökošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dipŋjswKöít	diŋjswKöížeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋbbScŋrÁ.a	ŋbbScŋrÁ.a	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
wrymžSv,it	wrymžSv,on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
Mčözgüõkyäs	Mčözgüõkyäs	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
.eb ŋbAhkat	.eb ŋbAgašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
žsjŧbsfat	žsjŧbsažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
MožcFÁSaggut	MožcFÁSkkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
RőőSšzea	RőőSšzea	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
enFäüit	enFäüehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
hššésüvma.at	hššésüvma.on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧjóõSđpõobbi	ŧjóõSđpõoppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
,ä úőoit	,ä úőoi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
Áruaf.'čőčvttir	Áruaf.'čőčktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
diežő'lMIut	dižő'lMIbošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
űžőAteÁvhar	űžőAteÁvhkariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vđFbsSftna	vđFbsSfna	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
xI C-oõ 'Aaikut	xI C-oõ 'Aikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mőöő'őit	mőöő'ői	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
zx.ASyímat	zx.ASyímkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űdAűđlammut	űdAűđlmmot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jóIScdna	jóIScnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
seaCžvddŧRđFut	seCžvddŧRđFoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
.č'KwÁvahcut	.č'KwÁvzoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šfscMIeő,.t	šfscMIeő,.gain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Msvüšéfmi	Msvüšéfmái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ÁtöutcSlit	ÁtöutcSlon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doa -õužmuÁŋöut	do -õužmuÁŋövošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
lokvéósúhŋt	lovtvéósúhŋime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
AIárMaöit	AIárMaötáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.úüfŧ, óčst	.úüfŧ, óčsjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ügéxodit	ügéxodile	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
KIkÁkcat	KIkÁkažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
-lggj čIFat	-lggj čIFkažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
'žŋpogikxat	'žŋpogikxe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuodép',xot	vuép',xoiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Cđnaa-ÁIRit	Cđnaa-ÁIRežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
nrózedat	nrózedoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
nšőÁtőFipmas	nšőÁtőFibmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
äxőA,őat	äxőA,ővaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
vSo-dit	vSo-deappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ipü žäőx.t	ipü žäőx.ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Cbõwojs	Cbõwojsin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
giktyžzct	givstyžzcleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
c-fFdAddut	c-fFdAttuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
tlmõžwlvat	tlmõžwlale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋdCöűđíyűAt	ŋdCöűđíyűAga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Raí űäCnwut	Raí űäCnwboleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űtés,At	űtés,Aba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ystíõúMät	ystíõúMän	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čieicčütat	čiicčütet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
üs-oäzrit	üs-oäzrkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
áxhđ vut	áxhđ vložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
e.äösöbaIot	e.äösöbaIodiid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
gzütrct	gzütrct	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
.õuséidtŋet	.õuséidtŋii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
gbj.xut	gbj.xcolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íöűčxm štht	íöűčxm štht	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
bxűöacíéhta	bxűöacíéđaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
uiwđySöbmat	uiwđySömmaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lgCéfht	lgCéfhžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
M-Módhit	M-Módheažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋóIőa,ób at	ŋóIőa,ób á	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
f, íõxűóvat	f, íõxűóaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
xfj uóhkat	xfj uógažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suo'č Ikwlit	su'č Ikwlet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ri-čžo kKwuat	riebaž-čžo kKwuet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
klIsüékcut	klIsüévcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
záŋaCÁASaMba	záŋaCÁASaMhpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
yRééFmŧacahci	yRééFmŧacziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čeaÁSđtAö' at	čeÁSđtAö' on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
dfšcúfđärát	dfšcúfđä'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vbŧRvŧSvat	vbŧRvŧSašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ó,Cžyngõúpt	ó,Cžyngõúpše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
žuCč émčxŋit	žuCč émčxŋtáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
F.cCwAówfrat	F.cCwAówfaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fxše.bkčat	fxše.bvččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
.t-v'sibit	.t-v'sibdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
úyAŧmakcut	úyAŧmvccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dadharŋnenAt	daharŋnenAšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧŋoSSpuReit	ŧŋoSSpuReoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
õ,sFSFAili	õ,sFSFAilin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
glđéipKjíla	glđéipKjíaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ŋŋéöooS.đKit	ŋŋéöooS.đKeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
jŧönđRáMt	jŧönđRáMt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
íäy pujäSa	íäy pujäSla	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
idjúetKšat	idjúetKaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ámđe'a'h it	ámđe'a'h an	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
rŧI,sx ut	rŧI,sx goleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žrnlóŧaóFt	žrnlóŧaóFbuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
őyppMit	őyppMos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
zóõzur	zóõzuriin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
íúčzmüűcőMat	íúčzmüűcőMgalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,érnMSsRit	,érnMSsReiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ohűč Sotnit	ohűč Sonežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧäxíŧóat	ŧäxíŧódaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wFűőrflt	wFűőrflšeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ä-őššSfgedjat	ä-őššSfgdjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
paéđbš	paéđbččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
kMűŧwvŧkét	kMűŧwvŧkébehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ü RIógvit	ü RIógále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muovóõü it	muvóõü oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
éŧpzSit	éŧpzSet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
wK éŧFnđS.gas	wK éŧFnđS.asa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
,baõjÁI-a	,baõjÁI-laid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
údlŧjvlit	údlŧjvlat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
rpucőIöt	rpucőIöšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átä'šÁxt	áä'šÁxide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
íÁöbCüt	íÁöbCün	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ážF üpet	ážF üpiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Móxoúyőt	Móxoúyőšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
Rž,ő''íKut	Rž,ő''íKos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuo  et 'déut	ču  et 'dékožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
KbmKS.nöéeigut	KbmKS.nöéiggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧsk.adnádet	etniinŧsk.attet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
pwõmáűÁF-t	pwõmáűÁF-šii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boasõAkzöđMut	bosõAkzöđMduimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
CxSplkcčat	CxSplkcaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
böv đAuÁSit	böv đAuÁSdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
 sféíč xwgđit	 sféíč xwgášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ÁSSõüyíčšt	ÁSSõüyíčšleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ž,.'Aóđut	ž,.'Aóđdut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
 Rhđrívlat	 Rhđrívašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
đštcŋÁAsat	đštcŋÁAaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
iCwewrđit	iCwewrđeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
űšŋÁóű Fűit	űšŋÁóű Fűežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
snŋA.š	snŋA.ččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
gy'őuut	gy'őudošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
pšášá-t	pšášá-žehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
lkiCyljut	lkiCyjožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
IlkxhSIt	IlkxhSIvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
pÁ öür	pÁ öüra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
'õ ba.érasat	'õ ba.érasá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
IRCiöšgzuhci	IRCiöšgzuzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Rkkčjä,'šthpat	Rkkčjä,'štbat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
üün Cčtallut	üün Cčtloleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rđeõ fdiálat	rđeõ fdiáažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
mrÁFA.Sšr	mrÁFA.Sšra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
j bŋít	j bŋít	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Fg kŋcät	Fg kŋcät	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieízbp-Sümat	čiízbp-Sümet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
FrbőMwugska	FrbőMwugneaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
žškzüj it	žškzüj i	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
'ácSőážat	'ácSőážet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
íŧgõ úežet	íŧgõ úežejin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
MxŋőmSa	MxŋőmSan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
vyiÁrejóúlat	vyiÁrejóúaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đeórúsMäöit	đeórúsMäöos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ls.čtčjéđt	ls.čtčjéđjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vé Iw'-u at	vé Iw'-u kale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
MjŧRhő,uxrat	MjŧRhő,uxaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
kšfpúR tšÁit	kšfpúR tšÁebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
đä.nSCcut	đä.nSCošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋSéueűšrrut	ŋSéueűšro	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
AšmoéjűA-a	AšmoéjűA-at	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ÁŋI  z d,it	ÁŋI  z d,on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
Aűppn it	Aűppn an	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ú.CóÁédhit	ú.CóÁédheigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
.űCRjŧa,yat	.űCRjŧa,ykaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
pKeuuäSűemlát	pKeuuäSűem'láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ŧá,ohš	ŧá,ohžiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
bR,mižt'đat	bR,mižt'đdažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
wKácFe-hkat	wKácFe-gažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
üSShčp rat	üSShčp at	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
úoú ői	úoú őjit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
sđ-õŧ kMrggut	sđ-õŧ kMrkkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Ábó.-bxIš	Ábó.-bxIža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
čüđeFrt	čüđeFrt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
xöč Ma	ole xöč Mnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
õgAŋpMõ,ki	õgAŋpMõ,eiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
'őŧy,a	'őŧy,koot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
öCR Mxčta	olisit öCR Mxčnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
ghyŋõaxóŋä	ghyŋõaxóŋkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
űr,cm'čÁaa	olemme űr,cm'čÁaeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
űRpđhüŧnen	űRpđhüŧsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
uIfxöűža	uIfxöűžoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
úkbúj-b Snen	úkbúj-b Ssella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
bvŋhweúi	bvŋhweúilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
óäd jŋ ä	olisi óäd jŋ nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
üycÁuö	üycÁuöitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
déőžCuv'éäi	déőžCuv'éäeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
jóSváIŋRbu	jóSváIŋRbuna	N;FRML;SG;finnish
bvkgx io	bvkgx ioiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
,ósxűä	älkööt ,ósxűkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
ókviáFfä	ókviáFfisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
c õACda	ei c õACdnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
túöÁŋwúa	älköön túöÁŋwúko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
äöac'gŧ'i	äöac'gŧ'ien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
oíjiŧxms	oíjiŧxms	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ešskŋkŧÁhőa	ešskŋkŧÁhőa	V;NFIN;finnish
 eí Mwílä	älköön  eí Mwíkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
IšSwIzdyi	IšSwIzdyissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
pKrozzcRi	pKrozzcRilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Iútđctea	lienee Iútđctetu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
CCú -gC-tyä	älköön CCú -gC-dyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
-zfrõdCdä	olisi -zfrõdCdty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
öžõtbaa	emme liene öžõtbaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
jbynfsFi	jbynfsFista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
p.äõKŋúIđ e	p.äõKŋúIđ eiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
.aÁu pnen	.aÁu psten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
miKC .lč ta	miKC .lč nille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
hzäo spđa	hzäo spđoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
údabyš.ždtaa	ette údabyš.žda	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
IgeläÁöps	IgeläÁöpdelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ődpadđvcctki	ődpadđvccteille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
-d'bAšyfúäata	en -d'bAšyfúäkaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Fl p,ä	on Fl p,nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
áíRgűMta	et áíRgűMtne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
wäádäti	wäádäilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Ka.aKMéd'a	Ka.aKMéd'oin	N;INS;PL;finnish
Sfsöyäivlla	älkäämme Sfsöyäivlko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
nčzI-Ayaéi	nčzI-Ayaéien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
egűčőd'tdjyt	egűčőd'tdjeisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
yőwčä.Áa	olisin yőwčä.Ánut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
cózFdžKSxka	cózFdžKSxkkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
zbžAšda	ei ollut zbžAšdut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
AüšggkóKŋfä	AüšggkóKŋfästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
sä.jíöi	sä.jíöeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
Féméf'ua	Féméf'uassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
é,zpó-ú'yAs	é,zpó-ú'yAdet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
õgxóonen	õgxóosista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
brduú-wža	olin brduú-wžnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
áCFoKõ.nčtaa	áCFoKõ.nčettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
aMhv'ta	ette aMhv'nneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ömÁ ŧŋ.xmáää	älköön ömÁ ŧŋ.xmáettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
cldi, cmók	cldi, cmókeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
FöC.űohű'õa	älkäämme FöC.űohű'õko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
vÁáfđtgüüa	olen vÁáfđtgüünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
,vIieÁőa	ei ,vIieÁőa	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
vjärptaéđata	ette vjärptaéđpaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
aÁKiđfáéjä	lienemme aÁKiđfáéjneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
iőhjlA óáka	iőhjlA óáoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
-éúohtpjiä	en ole -éúohtpjinyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŧféexrüä	lienet ŧféexrünyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennäílóbčyxFvn	menivätílóbčyxFvn	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
xsjaw' vűaa	xsjaw' vűi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
S.ŧŧhüja	eivät S.ŧŧhüjne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
Ábúŋ óméžtta	lienemme Ábúŋ óméžtnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
Férföőäjárs	Férföőäjárksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
iAfhbóa	iAfhbóaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
MwCxAavtaa	MwCxAavettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
,öIcűŋfíŋõi	,öIcűŋfíŋõille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
jmx ái	jmx ái	N;ACC;SG;finnish
-ééfűä	-ééfűiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
űkxúAgŋ'.ui	űkxúAgŋ'.uiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
dfIu pja	dfIu pjoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
íőRŋóCi	íőRŋóCeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
xjC,yKKä	älköön olko xjC,yKKtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
'öđsõi	'öđsõia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
éjeŧđímas	éjeŧđípailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
n.sŋčšé-íi	n.sŋčšé-íissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jFzy .u,aya	ette olisi jFzy .u,ayneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
Suzfzčgi	Suzfzčgea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
xIđ-hőúéy	xIđ-hőúéy	N;NOM;SG;finnish
,örSžs	,örSžksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
pnsMfđtä	eivät olisi pnsMfđnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
.tAŋää tajuntansa	.tAŋäkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
nesk,õhŋöti	nesk,õhŋöille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
MfAwóažrs	MfAwóažrkset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
úIroKKn ea	úIroKKn eoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
KpkmđShnen	KpkmđShsella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
aüKhóIzCš-s	aüKhóIzCš-dellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
pwydFla	ei liene pwydFlttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
Réőösli	Réőösleiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
vŋč.bni	vŋč.bnia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
Izocäxa	en ole Izocäxnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
éfžFw,ytõIta	éfžFw,ytõIava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
RA-öxűa	RA-öxűit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
zíf,žfCéyRa	lienen zíf,žfCéyRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
w'Rőkipe	w'Rőkipkeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
gőžSá gktä	älkäämme olko gőžSá gknneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Mđz öenen	Mđz öesiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
bmoxúoKvnen	bmoxúoKvsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
íuvÁ s	íuvÁ ksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
rIdFp ohta	rIdFp ohsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
a ,ŧRstu	a ,ŧRsduin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
KäMMőv üMdtyä	KäMMőv üMdnytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
Kykigŋöi	Kykigŋöi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
rwáäúFFä	ette rwáäúFFisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
näcÁŧxza	näcÁŧxza	N;ACC;SG;finnish
úRfsfša	olisitte úRfsfšneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
đáúŋAúcäeFka	đáúŋAúcäeFalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
wwxeöSa	wwxeöSoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
žübeájFi	žübeájFille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
đAegotaa	ei đAegoettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
umöCondka	olimme umöCondkneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
fšjkeõlaa	oli fšjkeõlettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
cCbán,o xi	cCbán,o xeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
chMIsa	chMIsi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
kIljRo	kIljRoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
bč'éécíga	ei ole bč'éécígnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
opgcuü ha	opgcuü haksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
mh.ŋéKzwúi	mh.ŋéKzwúeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
óatyűbi	óatyűbille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
jhkáeáđlda	et jhkáeáđlnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
s-fw InSti	s-fw InStiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
íemiCvŋva	íemiCvŋvkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
főygce	főygcteet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
üCdKhóRxma	ette olisi üCdKhóRxmneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
pöFFűrűs jto	pöFFűrűs jdot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ÁgRhčM ŧja	ei olisi ÁgRhčM ŧjnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
laüžwütää	on laüžwüetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
eyjxbjbjnen	eyjxbjbjsestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
pgK wpo	pgK wpoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
p lhäčúItä	olkaamme p lhäčúInneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
nCMöőkŧykas	nCMöőkŧykas	N;ACC;SG;finnish
zkäÁFma	zkäÁFma	V;NFIN;finnish
.rFÁbűu	.rFÁbűujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
uúžuuävŧwä	uúžuuävŧwät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
áMófk'őűűi	áMófk'őűűeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
'võpéõa	'võpéõat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
abMICőyéda	ei olisi abMICőyétu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
efőMxzsäa	olen efőMxzsänut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
IšpkžÁbAa	IšpkžÁbAojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
bŧüfMsčđMäta	ei bŧüfMsčđMänne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
tFRlöŋxFöča	ei tFRlöŋxFöčisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
äs-jüFőa	et äs-jüFőut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
xečáő-I-la	xečáő-I-taneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
yw'fÁxka	yw'fÁxan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
dŧetÁ-S ta	olivat dŧetÁ-S nneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
bxöűphexóhn	bxöűphexóhn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
CđFüŧs	CđFüŧs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
-iöAftaa	-iöAframme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
öitSujKŧba	öitSujKŧboista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
'g-lžöziy	'g-lžöziyittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Ámi.o ämtua	Ámi.o ämduttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
RKõ-'ŧbéMuta	ei RKõ-'ŧbéMuse	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
iúöčőtõRIa	ette iúöčőtõRIe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
sfMóöFs	sfMóöFs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
F kkmajes	F kkmajeksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
-ö.uekwKCa	olivat -ö.uekwKCneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
véIdáűa	véIdáűissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
eäőjMuđta	eäőjMuđamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
o,nošCfsóynen	o,nošCfsóyset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
örhFnáyxvti	örhFnáyxveista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
sőMüolšđ.ä	sőMüolšđ.net	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
,Á'öŋnüua	et ,Á'öŋnüu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
ízoejCdä	olimme ízoejCneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
,tCK,o	,tCK,ona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
lMpb-i	lMpb-it	N;NOM;PL;finnish
AúđíhKíKžűä	et ole AúđíhKíKžűnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
ŧŧrAgí nba	emme ŧŧrAgí nbneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
Ážeúvüsi	Ážeúvüsein	N;INS;PL;finnish
vgvSpa	olit vgvSpnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
ökűMdxbKfIti	ökűMdxbKfInit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
xrjzzúa	älkää olko xrjzzúneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
RFócAClAa	RFócAClAitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ái xaõIlpä	emme olleet ái xaõIlpeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
kM- urfa	eivät olleet kM- urfneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
očIűüga	očIűügoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
.MAšA.óúä	emme .MAšA.óúne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
äöõőMätAu	äöõőMätAuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ejar xážCs	ejar xážCksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Iš böđnos	Iš böđnoksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
žzíüéšdÁžca	žzíüéšdÁžcnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
s'évđí'íji	s'évđí'íjeillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ccKvéóFalda	en ollut ccKvéóFalnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
AlűCš'bca	AlűCš'bcan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
.akhdFc--a	.akhdFc--at	N;ACC;PL;finnish
žű-đca	olit žű-đcnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
íóiiSmCs	íóiiSmCkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
wöF-'a	et ole wöF-'nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
rűlzőka	rűlzőassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ÁősžđA,Ktää	ÁősžđA,Krettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
eosäMía	en liene eosäMínut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
öIFžseuMjvä	eivät olleet öIFžseuMjvneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
gpxčpxíúSä	olette gpxčpxíúSeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
-ű'oSa	-ű'oSat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Fshv áždKbtä	Fshv áždKbnästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ŋpd .úétda	ŋpd .úétn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
üsRvdöKts lähisukulaisten kesken	üsRvdöKtdeksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
čIÁlúüóõéta	čIÁlúüóõénnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
úRđdvaa	ei liene úRđdvettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
ha-beŧa	ha-beŧoilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
Á fAé,üŋta	ei ole Á fAé,üŋtut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
MíjCómőäko	MíjCómőäoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
nvFéaü-üúi	nvFéaü-üúeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
 éŋõácFšnen	 éŋõácFšsta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
ílFzwä	ílFzwisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
KfCbígzMtaa	KfCbígzMdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
űoIküAIa	űoIküAIa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ŧRőőÁluMo	ŧRőőÁluMoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
üóÁéö KMu	üóÁéö KMista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ayäbcze	ayäbczteineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
Sožjščcčŋztaa	Sožjščcčŋzettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
cž.äö'o	cž.äö'olla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
óy'zIõa	óy'zIõoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
RŋŋčSCšödnen	RŋŋčSCšödsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
efúvúKa	lienette efúvúKneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
dk'nör.ssi	dk'nör.ssista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ybnmÁxúka	ybnmÁxúat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
gR.-jsya	gR.-jsyin	N;INS;PL;finnish
cucpdma	cucpdmoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
őhújgyešo	őhújgyešon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
-z-,jCmgKu	-z-,jCmgKun	N;GEN;SG;finnish
óioošgnen	óioošgsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
wlčKdűr	wlčKdűrille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ükCc,gka	ükCc,galle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
bKwiča	bKwičasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
zí.lšl-áu a	zí.lšl-áu ilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
a,ü Fŧešóda	a,ü Fŧešótakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
-nŋCŋC.ltáä	ei ole -nŋCŋC.ltányt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
neđéjFtjfa	lienet neđéjFtjfnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
enšpAõjša	enšpAõjšassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
tRÁžlti	tRÁžlnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
 íűéŋő-Iörtua	ei ollut  íűéŋő-Iörduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
RäifčFxvta	olin RäifčFxvnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
žAxđéapo	žAxđéapoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
IlčCK.ti	IlčCK.teista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
hsvuđFeKta	hsvuđFeKee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
 omFčCla	 omFčCkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
íőbMčxszdda	ei íőbMčxszdne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
rxdŧ ,utga	rxdŧ ,utga	N;NOM;SG;finnish
őä-uúđo	őä-uúđoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ŧóizjdse	ŧóizjdseineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ezhReífš pika	ezhReífš pjalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
pü'üáõta	et ollut pü'üáõnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
rjmIMéo	rjmIMéo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ílk čkIőuwa	ílk čkIőuwnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
šátčtŋéápo	šátčtŋéáoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
pdőCki	pdőCkia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
'gúüŋäuníéä	eivät 'gúüŋäuníéisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
vAúŋoeű 'i	vAúŋoeű 'eissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
u'Sdvedőhi	u'Sdvedőhit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
čóMxvy,upya	čóMxvy,upyat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
píčÁpua	et píčÁpune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
zõšféäšÁghi	zõšféäšÁgheineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ŧsép.nen	ŧsép.sessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
nój-Áo	nój-Áolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ŋaFíjpöu-fa	oli ŋaFíjpöu-ftu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
 žűuRűrCčwta	ovat  žűuRűrCčwnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
zFáRtűuat	zFáRtűuilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
öašlSu	öašlSuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
éÁCbiChMMi	éÁCbiChMMin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ŋ,uööRimóđellä	ei ŋ,uööRimóđtele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
Ána- oóúa	Ána- oóúoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
frISFIa	olkoon frISFIut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
wvšíAóSnytaa mieleensä	ei wvšíAóSnyettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
,đaőihjnIúö	,đaőihjnIúöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
kúáyđÁ da	ei ollut kúáyđÁ tu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
dgjfŧxo úy	dgjfŧxo úyä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
điráäžbes	điráäžbesten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
iöžFluFvgi	iöžFluFvgeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
MđoÁ.őwída	olisimme MđoÁ.őwíneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
'köRSlÁkpellä	'köRSlÁkptelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
fpbžuőžítua	ei fpbžuőžíduta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
xŋRwšij'ä	xŋRwšij'net	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
j aáIxšŋu a	j aáIxšŋu assa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ü.uríöÁcCõtaa	ü.uríöÁcCõdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
ül'rdÁAsi	ül'rdÁAsissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
čodfwžü žki	čodfwžü žeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
IŧSagi	IŧSageissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
tnllu jaFa	emme ole tnllu jaFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
űddéíž-zjšs	űddéíž-zjšs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
š-SMvá plxda	eivät liene š-SMvá plxneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ceh-űašáas	ceh-űašákaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydäxCuAžnúyki	käynemmexCuAžnúyki	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
h'm,mMíi	h'm,mMíi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
yégščgtša	on yégščgtšnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
 'fwrvM,a	eivät olisi  'fwrvM,neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
íõkŧssRp	íõkŧssRpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
fd.äwüKea	olkaamme fd.äwüKeeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Rbvgwíä	Rbvgwíänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
xpóámíku	xpóámíuille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
vjehõÁüxúja	en ole vjehõÁüxújnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
u,Ába-Itaa	ei ole u,Ába-Iettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
Ré-A ika	Ré-A jat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
hcgkCŋanvpi	hcgkCŋanvit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
o'KsvIđscđnen	o'KsvIđscđsillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
óMõ.fa	óMõ.fa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
AcCsá,r-žo	AcCsá,r-žotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
'zvcjAűónen	'zvcjAűósittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
rta xa	lienette rta xneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
 i u -včta	emme olisi  i u -včnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
mdCŧIta	en olisi mdCŧItnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
dyŧ Ku ún	dyŧ Ku úmissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
p-jífägysša	eivät ole p-jífägysšeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
 Itbbnup'ä	 Itbbnup'ineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
Ármo,önen	Ármo,ösista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
šar'és	šar'éksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
óKű'moä	olkaamme óKű'moeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
-sC,úvúFa a	-sC,úvúFa aan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
bkđhš prcéi	bkđhš prcéi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
äkmxkŧ,pb,tää	äkmxkŧ,pb,dettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
crč'üéčrfka	crč'üéčrfoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
CbőFüuÁms	CbőFüuÁmksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
úuf.ähä	ette ole úuf.äheet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
Skplaái	Skplaáissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
oü.gő-a	oü.gő-aa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
zkiFpRa	et ollut zkiFpRnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
oéauzää	ole oéauzänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
bKnFxmAjđä	ei olisi bKnFxmAjđnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
Md íIzmxo	Md íIzmxoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ciűök-nen	ciűök-sten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
tRMŧbsra	tRMŧbsraa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
pöóf-šflca	emme olleet pöóf-šflcneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
bbélräIa	älkäämme olko bbélräIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
f-üüzSiKi	f-üüzSiKistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
IxgvFFtua	IxgvFFdu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
eMFmáps	eMFmápksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
üMäú,lAi	üMäú,lAia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
aafšäželöä	oli aafšäželönyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
xdt ySs	xdt ySksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ésAsogs	ésAsogksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
mCpiäa	eivät mCpiäneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
CFnjőípóőnen	CFnjőípóősittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
'űvyIf'zu	'űvyIf'zut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
vühű-'--Ctä	vühű-'--Cnitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
ŋ xŧcüret	ŋ xŧcüriksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
, xRefIpŋ-s	, xRefIpŋ-kseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
.,ítšSn-Csu	.,ítšSn-Csutta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ülMäžn.éöa	emme olleet ülMäžn.éöneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
óz- a ue	óz- a ue	N;ACC;SG;finnish
cIč,Abta	olin cIč,Abnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
nnŧIbu	nnŧIbusta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
eyőäžítmi	eyőäžítmien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
d-ŧ c.őí fdä	ei olisi d-ŧ c.őí fty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
gKáRdxcSűa	oli gKáRdxcSűnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
pxMnSros	pxMnSroteen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
Aus.c gKä	Aus.c gKnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
Faböou	Faböou	N;NOM;SG;finnish
öCoónun.Réta	öCoónun.Réamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
íRünÁcáIötä	et ollut íRünÁcáIösyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
fõrtweõnla	fõrtweõntaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
wpbsbä	en olisi wpbsbnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
gCfđaeä	gCfđaeälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
zt'cv čka	zt'cv čoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
äCúAäŋsjúä	äCúAäŋsjúältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Áso.tšötaa	Áso.tšöettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
RžšőAcMti	RžšőAcMein	N;INS;PL;finnish
rrlÁzyíÁ.ta	ei liene rrlÁzyíÁ.sut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
őőnmÁá-a	őőnmÁá-takoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
fólžäläu	fólžäläu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
.áAcjella	.áAcjtelivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
eMywđta	eMywđlatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
máuüün,ri	máuüün,reilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
jŋlMžäi	jŋlMžäeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
 fiéjpõ äfa	olet  fiéjpõ äfut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
móíxšmxšvmi	móíxšmxšvmihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
iõsč zmIo	iõsč zmIoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
k uüplike	k uüplien	N;GEN;SG;finnish
m.CuöŧgmpFa	emme m.CuöŧgmpFneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
oFé'šfdž det	oFé'šfdž ksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
 r-jrä	 r-jrkäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
úíbdyõfia	olemme úíbdyõfineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
aA.öđFőhRs	aA.öđFőhRalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
õllüma	õllümoita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
'Áh-aFä	'Áh-aFään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
nzjđSŋKa	en ollut nzjđSŋKut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
üS'.wMüKđúa	et liene üS'.wMüKđúnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
kéSó öAön	kéSó öAtömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
ídbfűti	ídbfűeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ndtõ a	eivät ndtõ neet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
Km Msbágäa	Km Msbágäkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
,š Füõzta	emme liene ,š Füõznneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
.õwüŋtaÁto	.õwüŋtaÁdolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
yg ábšbűku	yg ábšbűussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
v šjSčdräea	emme olisi v šjSčdräeneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
čsbbRüöa	čsbbRüöoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
uämor,špzõa	uämor,špzõkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
.RleIe	.RleIeet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
öznI.úfótä	olit öznI.úfótnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
se őwa	se őwoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
édezvšo'Aéä	eivät olisi édezvšo'Aéneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
č.Afõágoä	č.Afõágoöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
őűétča	et ollut őűétčnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
úeMčküäzos	úeMčküäzoksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
őwr,kkö	őwr,köillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
űmRaFsi	űmRaFseilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Fwz'jfüi	Fwz'jfüein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ččágđaŋIa	lienemme ččágđaŋIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
aálzŧktää	aálzŧkettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
hMfx đműha	emme liene hMfx đműhneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
húcAfžbbuki	húcAfžbbueille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
 R.űFjőn	 R.űFjőmpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
mMcüõöcŋűbpi	mMcüõöcŋűbit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
jŋüúáa	jŋüúáalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
hnÁrođmFg i	hnÁrođmFg eilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
gAžbei	gAžbeilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
nüűrtti	nüűrtille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
gÁrpS i	gÁrpS ien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
äSúKő,yüõlo	äSúKő,yüõlolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
đúäášánen	đúäášáseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
CnőIMnen	CnőIMsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
ztõc-ktaa	ztõc-kettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
SKhöyv ä	emme olisi SKhöyv neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
sSFeKmda	sSFeKmkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
úKcvčta	olit úKcvčnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
vK,R ad i	vK,R ad eihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ágiRrvRzmupo	ágiRrvRzmuot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ŋáI-Sa	älköön olko ŋáI-Stu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
sógđkpäS-a	sógđkpäS-kaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
KvIéjwohoo	KvIéjwohooksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ébipŋígbIä	ébipŋígbIisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
ivŋ,áSKä	ivŋ,áSKäksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
bfi cjAši	bfi cjAšille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ÁücAžõŋz úa	olisi ÁücAžõŋz útu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
Kísbŋ .Áä	älkää Kísbŋ .Ákö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
újwgúlAűada	olin újwgúlAűanut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
õobrgbSt ŧda	eivät olleet õobrgbSt ŧneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
wKsóF-äí gas	wKsóF-äí kaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
s ,e-pä	s ,e-ällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
wuúšűi	wuúšűia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
õtkeäwFwe	õtkeäwFwkeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
czša-šje	czša-šjeena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ŋcm.džna	ŋcm.džnoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
jKšIäŧkhžCta	jKšIäŧkhžCnan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
rFv,öa	olette rFv,öneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
 .xuaoktdä	ole  .xuaoktdnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
čsAe'pCfa	čsAe'pCfat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
MŋiIfjcőuaki	MŋiIfjcőuait	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Rw,o-jžFžrmat	Rw,o-jžFžrpiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
eKAíõk  ä	lienee eKAíõk  tty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
Cgŋmt'óđ-kö	Cgŋmt'óđ-öissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ásjiééb űtaa	ei ásjiééb űnettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
öétIAa	ovat öétIAneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
IKűőFlhži	IKűőFlhžille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
rgcökd.ml ä	oli rgcökd.ml nyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
CátđIÁnen	CátđIÁset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
cős'đnčtón	cős'đnčtómettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
vmiiMtu	vmiiMuksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
-AúMxti	-AúMxneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
pzrčdúa	ole pzrčdúnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
õyiFsjí.Si	õyiFsjí.Sit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
écnõk Fn	écnõk Fmia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ö čyyCöh üi	ö čyyCöh üien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
éč 'hoaSida	ette éč 'hoaSi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
öóhkFcIe	öóhkFcIeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
uúsiűóro	uúsiűóroina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
.vb úa	on .vb únut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
 iŋC šKŋőčs	 iŋC šKŋőčksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
őM,čocäAŋti	őM,čocäAŋitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
oCAuöoűi	oCAuöoűeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
éIvíüäöSAnen	éIvíüäöSAsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
cAxčbma	cAxčbmoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŧcRMutaa	ŧcRMuat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
tgšđtkšöŋa	älkää olko tgšđtkšöŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
c zxfAyä	c zxfAyältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
alvhzöa	alvhzöttu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
k wöűónot'nen	k wöűónot'sissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
önöctga	en önöctgsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
iräč,ŋ.äa	iräč,ŋ.äaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
Cõmamí,'la	Cõmamí,'takoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
õz űyča	en õz űyčne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
'öŋigä	'öŋigien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdäőutšnjüi	ette olleet tehneetőutšnjüi	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ú'učz'ä,xgda	olemme ú'učz'ä,xgneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
zúp o hFosn	zúp o hFosneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
öeüű-ua	lienet öeüű-unut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
áhočíä	áhočíä	V;NFIN;finnish
ÁüšnóKtia	ei ÁüšnóKtinut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
óhžúúhyá,a	óhžúúhyá,a	V;NFIN;finnish
sb -šRhxza	emme sb -šRhxzisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
'-úknxčbü,nen	'-úknxčbü,selta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
mMpCbüužAbä	mMpCbüužAbä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
xMúRÁ,rri	xMúRÁ,rriksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
čŋmŋizsyFa	olette čŋmŋizsyFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
óäCbwd'.Fzn	óäCbwd'.Fzn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
iádmb'áŧ'iu	iádmb'áŧ'iua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
o',.rAöti	o',.rAöein	N;INS;PL;finnish
áŋnječi	áŋnječeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
g ryvF,pno	g ryvF,pnona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
bkupúSma	ette olleet bkupúSmneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
tžpvaóba	älä ole tžpvaóbut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
KúSrđšőika	KúSrđšőjoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
óy šü'vo	óy šü'votta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
cdkslmä	emme cdkslmneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
bSöaKšmdus	bSöaKšmduksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋwejÁöčko	ŋwejÁöčoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
xsžcaAda	emme xsžcaAneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
điáRcFa	điáRcFana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
reimo-Rtctää	reimo-Rtcit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
é.k-ožnŋ-ds	é.k-ožnŋ-dksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
,gõCmg,,styä	,gõCmg,,syttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
õSőžačda	ei liene õSőžačtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
öatwlti	öatwlissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
wüv.wta	ovat wüv.wnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
düežFtía	lienemme düežFtíneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
öž lIójMxa	öž lIójMxana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ŧzeuÁFkáh.pi	ŧzeuÁFkáh.malle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
xöbmšjšÁ gä	xöbmšjšÁ gtty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
Cíczilpa	en Cíczilpnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
-g-taä ,čä	-g-taä ,čä	V;NFIN;finnish
š ,édŧKúétä	š ,édŧKúéet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
adídK šoda	eivät adídK šosi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
-rCžMky	-rCžMyltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
d.jFgFv,lo	d.jFgFv,lona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
ápđ.,jnhf	ápđ.,jnhfeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
-gAüÁekčõúi	-gAüÁekčõúeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ggõžCogAcuö	ggõžCogAcuöön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
őiacAASóíRi	őiacAASóíRein	N;INS;PL;finnish
cöčúSynen	cöčúSysina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
eónősla	eónőslkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
n-xRAa	n-xRAaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
äÁurüđwwéMa	äÁurüđwwéMoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ŧéäjokéika	ŧéäjokéjalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Cebrta	Cebrtalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
dxčáäRah' n	dxčáäRah' n	N;NOM;SG;finnish
.cKštúäSía	lienevät .cKštúäSíneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
IrpKđűi	IrpKđűeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
eójdxű-ps	eójdxű-pksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
íCRbši	íCRbšilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
čiduR IFta	älkäämme olko čiduR IFnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
 ŋlőAŧóRää	eivät  ŋlőAŧóRä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
äxkŧäosűIa	ei äxkŧäosűInut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
gftgmsíji	gftgmsíjiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
žyFűtlzrŋata	žyFűtlzrŋpasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
pjrrmFä	et liene pjrrmFyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
rđŋäxla	emme rđŋäxisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
xIenpSa	xIenpSttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
h.jmAđéä	h.jmAđékäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
őőtš-wš,nen	őőtš-wš,sen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
bí uneCva	älä ole bí uneCvnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
Iéž zrnen	Iéž zrsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
oõtd-énen	oõtd-ésine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
ŋírFio	ŋírFio	N;NOM;SG;finnish
FMSđrjvnaa	olkoon FMSđrjvnanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
űwAúlhgeta	űwAúlhgenalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
éAl,drMÁdu	éAl,drMÁdulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Ánđbőtaa	ei Ánđbőettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
Cvh,-pi	Cvh,-eitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
AkoŧéšSúzMa	AkoŧéšSúzMaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
ÁxduFSns	ÁxduFSns	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ädaaSŧí,s	ädaaSŧí,tena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ujđőü,đti	ujđőü,đin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
võnRgvpna	älkäämme võnRgvpnko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
hzFc yy ztä	olin hzFc yy znnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
bxrphiella	bxrphitelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
oözujFŋh,žnen	oözujFŋh,žsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Rx kžózdda	älkööt olko Rx kžózdneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
mdöčIozFjCön	mdöčIozFjCtöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
e,ű.wádä	älköön olko e,ű.wányt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
gA'kúnpne	gA'kúnpneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
C,böyrdvki	C,böyrdveilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
,gžFKtkRa	olin ,gžFKtkRut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
pópSfyyačde	pópSfyyačteesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
'gIIRä	eivät 'gIIRne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
Iwüf,aa	on Iwüf,ettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
Auyŋgiúóútää	Auyŋgiúóúetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
CowfKCa	CowfKCat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
wA.š,őjto	wA.š,őjolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
úšiAúa	úšiAúassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
guűSóäđda	guűSóäđkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Mpuvv'üč mata	et Mpuvv'üč mpaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
,jeé,r íno	,jeé,r ínoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
Ihöűučhlä	Ihöűučhisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
FoaoŧžIóa	FoaoŧžIóilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
jŋekeKÁ.ímta	en olisi jŋekeKÁ.ímnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
nwöIya	olimme nwöIyneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
SškSõkÁiiva	olisit SškSõkÁiivut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
bcšúiobtä	en bcšúiobä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
gaCuõta	ei olisi gaCuõnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
űM Aäa	űM Aäaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
zürzng-nen	zürzng-selle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ázSFAi	ázSFAi	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
xnő őd-úa	xnő őd-úaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
uCeüzöŧpo	uCeüzöŧoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
b jašó,kúki	b jašó,kúgin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ŋüjbúhkŋ-wi	ŋüjbúhkŋ-weissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
pälÁűda	ei olisi pälÁűtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
müwtzžaMya	müwtzžaMyttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
ónõÁKuho a	älkäämme ónõÁKuho ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
žűIótgčma	ette žűIótgčmneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ždoÁŋúda	lienette ždoÁŋúneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
öibFmÁIwkiä	öibFmÁIwin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
órhđúáyFa	emme olleet órhđúáyFeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
AiKčmfdóvxida	ette AiKčmfdóvxi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
čõ czMwFa	čõ czMwFatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
,óöoIŧpi	,óöoIŧissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
w č õy Ki	w č õy Kesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
jűöéđönüa	emme ole jűöéđönüneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
AŧöéoKFf.wä	älkööt AŧöéoKFf.wkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
k.,iKua	ei k.,iKu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ŧófmtyAk-Sa	älkää olko ŧófmtyAk-Sneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
č zäyga	älkää č zäygko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
tőMŧnkR  sde	tőMŧnkR  stein	N;INS;PL;finnish
žőö oekŋgs	žőö oekŋgksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ŋpcčäčvCi	ŋpcčäčvCillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
-ütčcđCu--u	-ütčcđCu--uista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
öŋafaaä	älkää olko öŋafaaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
höflíAđo-nen	höflíAđo-sten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
óF Fuyxe	óF Fuyxe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Cđöđcupíeki	Cđöđcupíeeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
éžfntjdöKkdä	eivät éžfntjdöKksi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
Mršhgaa	älkäämme olko Mršhgaeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
SrtégSéyzca	SrtégSéyzckoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
õüõSke úäűä	õüõSke úäűällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
MsfFtrxiŋda	MsfFtrxiŋvat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
uMFršoči	uMFršočissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ynd óÁc a	ynd óÁc sitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
m.Svtvüíi	m.Svtvüíien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
šuüíšKepi	šuüíšKeman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
wÁv.tta	eivät liene wÁv.tnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
íföšuÁkűjšti	íföšuÁkűjšit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
-S,űrtä	olitte -S,űrnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
šdARAs	šdARAksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
RojäšSya	RojäšSyille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
õäiiexä	õäiiexä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
S'jzMúa	S'jzMúa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
oűoSyxm ,űn	oűoSyxm ,űmmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
lŧőC óős	lŧőC óőkselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
.üzsŧi	.üzsŧeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
AõA.Rü úža	AõA.Rü úžoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
žFđžkšda	olisi žFđžkšnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
rooaŋIia	rooaŋIiaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
šáüzeb,da	älköön šáüzeb,ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
nRFđ véa	en nRFđ vénut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
hš'p'Á.i	hš'p'Á.inä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
šošüxtua	šošüxduttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
őtúwÁa yvén	őtúwÁa yvén	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
hséápäCCMtää	hséápäCCMän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
-eFMtta	en olisi -eFMtnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
R .xđhŋIuu	R .xđhŋIuuun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
K'm'žgda	ei ole K'm'žgnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
óvguhöIa	óvguhöIat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ŋöšáőa	olisi ŋöšáőnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
iilSos	iilSoksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
 .tčma'to	 .tčma'noista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
K sMčjuŧi	K sMčjuŧit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
šažl isiõzi	šažl isiõzein	N;INS;PL;finnish
yKu-đzsRéxa	yKu-đzsRéxoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
c-ŋK-ŧtaa	on c-ŋK-ŧnettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
oi,RđIššRa	ei olisi oi,RđIššRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
ozjžm,öva	olen ozjžm,övnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
FéKFžnen	FéKFžsesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
éMkbyz xi	éMkbyz xi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
áóäčanjRä	lienevät áóäčanjReet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
öčgöIődti	öčgöIődissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ücrhíb,n	ücrhíb,n	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
uóoűwéa	uóoűwéatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
vvŋIäKbđK-dä	olkaa vvŋIäKbđK-neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
óűrícz'vda	olisi óűrícz'vnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
tam.Cfűóõota	ei tam.Cfűóõosut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
úyoenMüta	úyoenMüroissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
 óCkpa	eivät olisi  óCkpneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
ch tCö	ch tCöjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
šmSeCbkfúktua	šmSeCbkfúkdutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
üÁCđxky'öa	olisi üÁCđxky'öttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
ü kt.tua	ü kt.nun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
úMézÁž'Áni	úMézÁž'Ánien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
éRtõoFa	éRtõoFassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Mä íanChÁä	Mä íanChÁässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
õsdarki	õsdargein	N;INS;PL;finnish
žgrsü,tnen	žgrsü,tsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ÁKlŋCga	ei ÁKlŋCgttu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
pxbägžéfaä	pxbägžéfaältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
hžz oAgđa	ette hžz oAgđisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
űcyúri	űcyúrilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
öKbasgi	öKbasgien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Fy áÁA.Iu	Fy áÁA.Iuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
xshIj'dkha	xshIj'dkhat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Ášmčxä	Ášmčxät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
rvp-xj-ŋi	rvp-xj-ŋein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
öőFäčuÁžmpa	öőFäčuÁžmpiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
žóIéyäkíIza	et olisi žóIéyäkíIznut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
ődIm,.Sfa	emme ődIm,.Sfne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
éõhűm öscyö	éõhűm öscöiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
pnŧáéüa	olkoon pnŧáéünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
dKäjIta	dKäjInnee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
šä yÁ da	šä yÁ mme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
išõcóa	olin išõcónut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
iöűzwžrxma	on iöűzwžrxmnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
cűx õaxŋtä	cűx õaxŋsevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
AípKmFbkátyä	AípKmFbkányttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
élygča	ette élygče	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
SR-küba	SR-kübat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
bfíohCda	olisimme bfíohCneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
žűAs.Iűétää	ei žűAs.Iűéetä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
oéä-K, s	oéä-K, ksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ŧkifõ,Át,üs	ŧkifõ,Át,üsta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
Sőé.žkáce	Sőé.žkáckeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
KöíRőr zIűi	KöíRőr zIűeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
űođčőcÁyxla	űođčőcÁyxtava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
Amwuaa	Amwuaat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
žčvõöt,bMga	žčvõöt,bMgalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
őygiztaa	älköön olko őygizettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
ównéko	ównékoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
hmüíŋéŧz.a	hmüíŋéŧz.oista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
S,CŋžKáő o	S,CŋžKáő oista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Áírmö'vöŋetä	Áírmö'vöŋkenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
öúõfaa	öúõfaalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ögáÁőŧ a	älköön ögáÁőŧ tako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
jú.gxtx'ä	jú.gxtx'öinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
yzIsek fle	yzIsek fleilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
tbäödznen	tbäödzsesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
Mđ sl.v-óSä	emme Mđ sl.v-óSeet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
äwgőeii	äwgőeieilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
mdbéSön Súö	mdbéSön Súössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädäAwónpri	lienevät jääneetAwónpri	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
kbüá',ää	ei liene kbüá',etty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
I-ktűCágá la	on I-ktűCágá tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
čIšmü ta	čIšmü nalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
žcúöeta	olin žcúöennut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
bgjncdfétia	et bgjncdfétine	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
fáđöxpŧi	fáđöxpŧin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
őŧIóws	őŧIówtena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
M CFípi	M CFípeistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
eRöá'éyóa	eRöá'éyóoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
 õfeiövzä	et ollut  õfeiövznyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
S žáéŋeátä	emme olleet S žáéŋeánneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
dŋsIöžAibta	älkää olko dŋsIöžAibnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
räé'ŧCŋéala	olkoon räé'ŧCŋéalnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
nűvaonbŋi	nűvaonbŋeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
đnšpíõđa	đnšpíõđina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
tetáűnyda	tetáűnykaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ofAItä	ofAItiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Fhxxöőtjzku	Fhxxöőtjzuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
šüžčüõewötaa	šüžčüõewöimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
vx-soiÁbkdnen	vx-soiÁbkdsille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
čŧoFa'a	emme čŧoFa'ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
'űRídbnhca	'űRídbnhcoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Fkoiöas	Fkoiökaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
oö .đmFMMRä	olkoon oö .đmFMMRnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
š hóűd'uaŧnen	š hóűd'uaŧsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
đg cbcn	đg cbcn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Ab sxti	Ab sxneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
vígFüFSAnen	vígFüFSAsiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
,-xuáKőõa	,-xuáKőõisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
žb lAjtpi	žb lAjtpi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
šM,cűl'Ac,a	šM,cűl'Ac,oitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 jóbhőRä	ette liene  jóbhőReet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
Iőűycka	Iőűycat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
cűjuMúpjznen	cűjuMúpjzsissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
őIčoja	őIčojttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
õđ,ŧärőä	olin õđ,ŧärőnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŧŋbŋsamp'šnen	ŧŋbŋsamp'šsina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
bžysyöga špi	bžysyöga šmissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
äbőđdKúoä	en äbőđdKúoisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
IröhCŋa	en liene IröhCŋnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
IRfíyómä	IRfíyómän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
 milsIRhön	 milsIRhtömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
eaCwűtaa	eivät eaCwűa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
nõu Ca	nõu Cisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
ügMw yyvúdi	ügMw yyvúdinä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
mä'gänŋčúa	mä'gänŋčúisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
đčk-oh .a	đčk-oh .oin	N;INS;PL;finnish
dđő Áäpp pa	dđő Áäpp patta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
 űh-jä	 űh-jällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
úfŧkaüAŋűAo	úfŧkaüAŋűAoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
RaRwäa	RaRwäoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
zbAöRűa	zbAöRűvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
zŧs,la	zŧs,lista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
MčűCMdŋo	MčűCMdŋoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
étédklšo	étédklšo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ürsCya	olivat ürsCyneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
'oáchi kfta	olimme 'oáchi kfnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
cw uüdä	cw uünevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
š'.xóRKua	š'.xóRKutakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
űműnú,rÁö	űműnú,rÁöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
MgŧcMkčőűwo	MgŧcMkčőűwoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
uRsFŋjta	uRsFŋjralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
'osäpnen	'osäpsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
á, xhaä	á, xhaä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
cCüsícin	cCüsíctimilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ivRsg-áõnen	ivRsg-áõset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
xzíI a	ei xzíI taisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
rbüöjSrCŋei	rbüöjSrCŋeia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
zznsk Fziőa	zznsk Fziőilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
dcejyet	dcejyineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
žžuxítä	ei ollut žžuxínnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ywatöSõäs	ywatöSõkäillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
 hwmóxg'rSa	 hwmóxg'rSalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Stóõxtlä	ei ollut Stóõxtty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
yböjđns	yböjđnksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
űűzžõda	älkää olko űűzžõneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
h oa.Rőgŋ tyä	h oa.Rőgŋ lyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
uIõóIöKo	uIõóIöKoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ócüjli	ócüjleitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ldŋgüIta	ei ldŋgüInnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
CőÁšyűi	CőÁšyűein	N;INS;PL;finnish
lS,wpiRtyä	on lS,wpiRrytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
ün,ŋtsŧtuöe	ün,ŋtsŧtuöein	N;INS;PL;finnish
,lbeđuSxn	,lbeđuSxmmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
úRčáõčlšvóa	úRčáõčlšvóiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
lhIchütsča	ole lhIchütsčnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
CüFd'ztä	CüFd'ztnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
y.ó  õAűnen	y.ó  õAűset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
,IhRÁaRđA-pi	,IhRÁaRđA-maksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
vSFtto,žda	en vSFtto,žne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
p-vo.őépita	p-vo.őépinnevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
izóspCs	izóspCksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
MzdMRIaRza	eivät olleet MzdMRIaRzneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
aeÁčöc.fva	aeÁčöc.fvoihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
 vísaf.o	 vísaf.oon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
mwó jš'áéwon	mwó jš'áéwtomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ű dvúžbtua	älä ű dvúžbdu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
žŧpmAmfa	lienen žŧpmAmfnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
-őkáFčRe'ai	-őkáFčRe'aia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
-Cazmjueu	-Cazmjueuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
häMMRblä	älköön olko häMMRbty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
jűu ečíä	olen jűu ečínyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
víA'áíIItaa	ei ole víA'áíIIettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
čéóõ' rAys	čéóõ' rAyksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
f-xSm'úhAika	f-xSm'úhAjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
äšõ,'.ata	en äšõ,'.kaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
gsboloke	gsbolokeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ruuysbpa	lienette ruuysbpneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
hggtIbtaa	ei ole hggtIbdettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
pAlaékoóüs	pAlaékoóüksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
bxÁMaKIhönen	bxÁMaKIhösiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Mjö,omto.ta	en ollut Mjö,omto.nnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
gyrnRRátää	ei liene gyrnRRáetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
óybC-ä	olkaamme óybC-eet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
KCíCõčxi	KCíCõčxina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ešwtäMŧnen	ešwtäMŧsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
lfdÁõasIRMa	älä ole lfdÁõasIRMnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
írbu'Mcja	írbu'Mcjitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
biSzŧvõa	biSzŧvõaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
y äúyhátä	en olisi y äúyhánnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
 kCóášnlä	 kCóášni	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
.öŋíč yCI-ä	en liene .öŋíč yCI-nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
šhcSübšŋtää	lienee šhcSübšŋetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
Rűk,jlčvi	Rűk,jlčveilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
äéyefoöõéne	äéyefoöõéteen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
uüyRúlüüéi	uüyRúlüüéenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
äőnnos	äőnnoksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
'ŧpCwh đe	'ŧpCwh đeet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kšđeRa	kšđeRtiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
Mdj 'xíwä	Mdj 'xíwillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
y őrš'Cŋlri	y őrš'Cŋlria	N;PRT;SG;finnish
cKőhépi	cKőhépin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
jcRyõ-a-yäu	jcRyõ-a-yäuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
Á éeűŧjta	Á éeűŧjatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
RiíŧSojos	RiíŧSojos	N;ACC;SG;finnish
žáía'uCgta	olimme žáía'uCgseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ittõhöšto	ittõhöšoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
bűűx,öúŧFi	bűűx,öúŧFillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
hjõüpcöwraa	oli hjõüpcöwrettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
lováoSSda	olkoon lováoSSnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Iápŋhäa	Iápŋhäitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
KőkAzn'kđda	en KőkAzn'kđsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
žúd'Fata	žúd'Ftaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
 xúíugva	olitte  xúíugvneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
čgSI,änüs	čgSI,änüs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
lőz's čsda	ei liene lőz's čstu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
zzRő-a	eivät liene zzRő-neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
Iöktŋ.ö	Iöktŋ.öt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
áyt Fyto	áyt Fyoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
uipŋtynoÁMnen	uipŋtynoÁMsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
đ kmCMeŧta	en liene đ kmCMeŧnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
shznem	shznemiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
 xMšFx Ađta	älkäämme  xMšFx Ađko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Aäoxčbša	en liene Aäoxčbšnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
jhöčz'äžéa	jhöčz'äžéana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
 ov s-i	 ov s-eitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Áőŋy ata	Áőŋy taisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
óeõuptaa	oli óeõupettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
f dhío	f dhíot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
žgdähšgFr.s	žgdähšgFr.ksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
šwácőii	šwácőiista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
 jhwom ti	 jhwom eissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
óšgeópz,Mlö	óšgeópz,Mlössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
kCÁf,,Áo	kCÁf,,Áo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
űúwuéxő tä	emme űúwuéxő seet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
őiédáa	őiédákoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
KóőR-'oSíöata	KóőR-'oSíökaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
đđéjäõ.hőüi	đđéjäõ.hőüeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
oSőbdi	oSőbdittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
šnívlö-öCä	on šnívlö-öCnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
olnŋüIépä	olnŋüIéästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
čIku,ä	ei čIku,nyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
jubd-uta	jubd-uaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
 wräüjaa	ei ollut  wräüjettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
íokpCúšú'po	íokpCúšú'ossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
KfőCiŋ,ä	KfőCiŋ,öille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
fomehta	olisimme fomehnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
öásnoCa	öásnoCnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
sbKaRri	sbKaRrien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
SvčIúízda	olisimme SvčIúízneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
Iiycf m	Iiycf miin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
bwnmrfnós	bwnmrfnóksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
s háFeőra	s háFeőrn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
CMúŋwábõä	olisi CMúŋwábõnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
zžeCwczíe	zžeCwczíen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
fAtaöže uCtaa	älköön olko fAtaöže uCrettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
éfeđéAvua	éfeđéAvuissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
Cehűynen	Cehűysia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
 vjAäŧRlaRta	ei olisi  vjAäŧRlaRnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
eÁyzKSški	eÁyzKSškeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
gäanMőa	gäanMőaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ŧäŧsói	ŧäŧsóista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
'eŧwtíRla	'eŧwtíRli	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
néRcenAó'i	néRcenAó'etta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Cušž,hpda	ei Cušž,hpnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ž gRöyw-Áon	ž gRöyw-Átomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
u,eäSfmőv'a	emme liene u,eäSfmőv'neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
űzitpi	űzitpein	N;INS;PL;finnish
öo-dáűgAái	öo-dáűgAái	N;ACC;SG;finnish
tRvcõxiäu	tRvcõxiäuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
KsSySCynks	KsSySCynkdeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
-AčíCđ ája	lienen -AčíCđ ájut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
ŧdzŋía	olkoon ŧdzŋínut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
nFFeafl ti	nFFeafl tilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
o.wšóda	eivät olisi o.wšóneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
 k'žŧ öéMRa	olemme  k'žŧ öéMRneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ođ jSyőtms	ođ jSyőtmksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
wSdŋađlgõ,ta	eivät olleet wSdŋađlgõ,seet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ó,Cŋv a	ó,Cŋv a	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ClypuK žika	ClypuK žiatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
lSbMSíxce	lSbMSíxckeitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
xKliŋéháoši	xKliŋéháošia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
,brrbpű,Mspi	,brrbpű,Msilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
i  t aä	en i  t anyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Áösöčdo	Áösöčdoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
kŧr yga	oli kŧr ygnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
fb. ,űzwÁä	fb. ,űzwÁvä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
ő,gs z'ä	ő,gs z'isimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
č-Fsggtaa	ei č-Fsggettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
ChKzŋvziä	ChKzŋvziiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
tí,ŋ Aíi	tí,ŋ Aíien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
hccÁőčđCžda	ette liene hccÁőčđCžneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
F'nčšjRi	F'nčšjReineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
CmuöéwjIúja	CmuöéwjIújisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
dúó,Ckgóta	ette dúó,Ckgóa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
kpéRtöaä	kpéRtöaään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
sxáMjčä	ette liene sxáMjčneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
bf'áŧnen	bf'áŧsiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
mždpo-MvFe	mždpo-MvFteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
kú sčóde	kú sčóteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
üoúööŧa	üoúööŧalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
äRáybä	ei olisi äRáybtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
wűüäua	en liene wűüäunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
fúöyŧxs	fúöyŧxkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
blr-IríÁIs	blr-IríÁIksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
lšvéj.,ta	lšvéj.,nisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
 íIwäwtaa	 íIwäwettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
vöđíčümca	olkoon vöđíčümctu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
lRg-vrIhbóä	älköön lRg-vrIhbóttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaajRt,,nõéi	olet antanutjRt,,nõéi	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
ű-õottta	ű-õottisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
Fuõ é-őznuka	Fuõ é-őznuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
gxűüRõüči	gxűüRõüčeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
 h,ÁKjkrkit	 h,ÁKjkrkeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
MúMhő-lgdta	olen MúMhő-lgdnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ä őtdádwŋs	ä őtdádwŋdetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
üõűxos	üõűxoksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
sekÁstälRs	sekÁstälRs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
g'sűxi	g'sűxeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
šCjdíp.bAda	ei šCjdíp.bAdnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
čđ ŧrb'hjši	čđ ŧrb'hjšin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
õsüooka	õsüooalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
áwSIštwnRä	olisimme áwSIštwnRneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
ígúMdőb ci	ígúMdőb ciksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
ŧvóójoyüsls	ŧvóójoyüslhittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ewü c- S'bä	ewü c- S'bä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
õ lmfra	emme ole õ lmfreet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
jIáüAäta	jIáüAänoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
űjMFči	űjMFčinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
éűémüSon	éűémüSompien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
Mí-üCta	älkää olko Mí-üCnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
icm'pg-nen	icm'pg-selta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
awšŋ.sđűöä	ole awšŋ.sđűönyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
vottodKdínä	vottodKdínä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
jeőšFIMä	jeőšFIMin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
 o,čõnen	 o,čõsta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
FúuyAcŧlpbi	FúuyAcŧlpbeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
l czSé-s	l czSé-ksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
'.íhžv áa	en ole '.íhžv ánut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytää'bäMžúAi	ei ollut pyydetty'bäMžúAi	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
n.õurcđo	n.õurcđossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋŋš'Flü.nko	ŋŋš'Flü.noissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
áSeeudű'léi	áSeeudű'léein	N;INS;PL;finnish
úbS.Sajötää	et úbS.Sajöä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
srSč'a	lienee srSč'ut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
KđÁ,űAvŋnükiä	emme KđÁ,űAvŋnüi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
vRIcuä	vRIcuty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
rdsíFxf,i	rdsíFxf,ista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
iyvAöpuwo	iyvAöpuwolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ÁŋRIdjÁjxma	ÁŋRIdjÁjxsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
kŧRüűíoõm	kŧRüűíoõmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
fŋuz-wíđm	fŋuz-wíđmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
FyíKpóõma	FyíKpóõsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
trAéuŋiškama	olgu trAéuŋišatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
.taesm	.taesmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
éőheõtiIa	éőheõtiIades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
 u,õžŧ-íKŧa	 u,õžŧ-íKŧa	V;NFIN;estonian
nAövua	nAövuates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
möóőcólđe	möóőcólđed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
éőo,gatRésm	éőo,gatRésmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
űÁ,üeúa,ma	ärgu olgu űÁ,üeúa,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
đlghtFma	ei đlghtFtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
myíŧmne	myíŧmstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
v Asžúšcper	v Asžúšcpril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ŧ.úzlma	ŧ.úzlame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ujoidIúõúčne	ujoidIúõúčseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
üüCüäjma	üüCüäjsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
.áübájRdr	.áübájRdris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Kpnŋ Ss	Kpnŋ Ss	N;NOM;SG;estonian
šscaűbžzúšma	šscaűbžzúštud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
lõólSv	lõólSvana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
üáüaj,Fa	üáüaj,Fas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
M cgader	M cgadrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
c zbcCtéŋmama	ära c zbcCtéŋma	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
véđmöjs	véđmöjstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
sf.ehüoma	ei olnud sf.ehüotudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
Abr á-a	Abr á-ateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
CčuóMgS-Ám	CčuóMgS-Ámdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
iővŧg,hama	iővŧg,hati	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
gAaívma	gAaívtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
dl'é  bu	dl'é  bus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ioSrIéd árma	ärgu ioSrIéd árku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
llRaéRátSema	oli llRaéRátSedud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
RŋAkŋwdMm's	RŋAkŋwdMm'steni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ŧáCpw-a	ŧáCpw-ale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
Átt''e	Átt''edele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
tárŋdv'ema	oleksid tárŋdv'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
Súöpűbdama	Súöpűbnaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
õÁctgrpõnds	õÁctgrpõndst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
bwgvmen	bwgvmnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
itö'än	itö'änid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ulaíen	ulaíenasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ASü,ŋõv	ASü,ŋõvasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
eđlűŧ ssm	eđlűŧ ssmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
gurŋt irxma	ei gurŋt irxvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
,S  Méhžču	,S  Méhžčutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
K-lKõks	K-lKõkred	N;NOM;PL;estonian
űdénF,zma	űdénF,zdav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
l'sefn	l'sefnile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
yéIdsxõéšše	yéIdsxõéšše	N;GEN;SG;estonian
mŧvehfAima	mŧvehfAib	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ótäűčma	ótäűčtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ÁääáKŋžöma	ÁääáKŋžöa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
iű-rúeyAMma	iű-rúeyAMksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
č,žõőiyfma	ärgem č,žõőiyfkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
mRoüzór	mRoüzórini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
š,čŧóäyma	š,čŧóäytakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
őčö zha	őčö zhana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
I.ioyIő v	I.ioyIő vatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
imágvtma	imágvdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
sAjaÁnn	sAjaÁnnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
űpu,ŋo-Fne	űpu,ŋo-Fsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
,xw'üAxoss	,xw'üAxosseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
nh,đšReKmma	nh,đšReKmad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
p,röfjma	p,röfjksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
xwűävyotk	xwűävyotkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
'Méšfkyeőma	ei olnud 'Méšfkyeőetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
űwiúibüma	űwiúibüsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
IúSö ma	olevat IúSö tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
wíđngms	wíđngmstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
Sűe,áđäma	on Sűe,áđänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
úx xIhma	ei olevat úx xIhnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
él,ečcwŧupama	él,ečcwŧuaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
-xŋüc MRSs	-xŋüc MRSstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
t -e,xu	t -e,xuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
žžŋMt,nr	žžŋMt,nrid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
uõShhubFr.ma	oli uõShhubFr.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
-úöRAršmhma	-úöRAršmhksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
hőF kctk	hőF kctku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
FlRübžudlna	FlRübžudlne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
sCdtbÁőpk	sCdtbÁőpkutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ŋčx.ŧSwoa	ŋčx.ŧSwoatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
KűžoAfma	KűžoAfeksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
üün w đuás	üün w đuásele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
zÁwMRKK ne	zÁwMRKK seni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ögró'-r	ögró'-ri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
FCŋlhltdma	ei olevat FCŋlhltretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
õžoéKt fu	õžoéKt fu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
dfuFdSCr	dfuFdSCriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
jőä,Rma	jőä,Raksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
éö.pFfe''v	éö.pFfe''vad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
uöepunzfs	uöepunzfsena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
etxMáäc.u	etxMáäc.uta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
wđpčŋbŋm	wđpčŋbŋmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
š duoCõŧ és	š duoCõŧ és	N;NOM;SG;estonian
űFarSnIčőma	űFarSnIčőtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
đMthyRoIs	đMthyRoIga	N;COM;SG;estonian
appMeđma	olite appMeđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ueSn K'ma	olin ueSn K'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
h- öúma	ei h- öútud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ö-StžKzma	ö-StžKztaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
IRpwõR-lma	oleksime IRpwõR-lnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
bKÁKda	bKÁKdas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
íCÁžmIma	olin íCÁžmInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
cbtp -,vóRe	cbtp -,vóRedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Sžučõ-šRt	Sžučõ-šRtuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
 lj-ama	 lj-aks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
eöSőutSSőer	eöSőutSSőritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
äläŧ ÁűIc ma	oli äläŧ ÁűIc nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
,cűMüaAk	,cűMüaAkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
CIkžčgFMhei	CIkžčgFMhei	N;ACC;SG;estonian
pühsíó edgma	pühsíó edgsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
őűõűyéptzma	on őűõűyéptztud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
iärMyitma	iärMyitksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
mMŋI úner	mMŋI údrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ŧčKđgAubzCu	ŧčKđgAubzCudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
cjIvhS kma	ei cjIvhS kvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
dpgyÁvdu	dpgyÁvduga	N;COM;SG;estonian
yiő Svma	yiő Svan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
mäyŧüu	mäyŧüuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
KFpnf-MKy'ma	KFpnf-MKy'sid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
kíj AáMzne	kíj AáMzsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
đöúdžk	đöúdžkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
őluMnuš,kama	oleme őluMnuš,anud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
oéäüáhŧs	oéäüáhŧstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
záÁöv mr	záÁöv mriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
eFójéüba	eFójéüba	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ŋ'.K u	ŋ'.K uks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
jófáxbčbMgel	jófáxbčbMglatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
zőőSklStüama	ära zőőSklStüa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
 Isúđsa	 Isúđsa	V;NFIN;estonian
övlcrgŋŋaŧk	övlcrgŋŋaŧku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
šzFsaeüÁama	ärgu šzFsaeüÁaku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
č 'RfrFtma	ei č 'RfrFa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
äv.K d	äv.K dast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Cuhrűŋ.ma	Cuhrűŋ.gu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ásxjaboma	olete ásxjabonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
.whőn,ma	ei .whőn,tud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
lMKkzöbéöRma	oleksid lMKkzöbéöRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
éReééx--cma	ärgu éReééx--cgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
udy.ŋxgžma	udy.ŋxgžnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
KAaáelđđtma	KAaáelđđtks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ö őeiöõFdr	ö őeiöõFdrita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
fénMődzma	olid fénMődznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
ÁéÁšpčgma	ei olevat ÁéÁšpčgnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
,förFAür	,förFAürtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
šRošoCyŧís	šRošoCyŧíks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
IjéhSAptébgema	IjéhSAptébete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
äKMAüma	äKMAütud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
-wőIŋIcma	-wőIŋIcksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
'őMCülze	'őMCülzetel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
sáArzgivúma	sáArzgivúvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
m óRfžcÁl	m óRfžcÁlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
őúnö,k,Mma	oleme őúnö,k,Mnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
úúzKóRss	úúzKóRssteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
űé hdčuma	űé hdčutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
čKoFuőkm	čKoFuőkmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
őšKúž n	őšKúž nites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
üiűoöm	üiűoömdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
đdüõ.IMu	đdüõ.IMuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
nIfsmÁ.ma	ei olnud nIfsmÁ.nudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
Kuv aAšdKss	Kuv aAšdKssele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
oFyíxúAúém	oFyíxúAúémitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ÁáÁlžő-eMkima	ÁáÁlžő-eMgiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
RčšéFi.Kne	RčšéFi.Ksele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
šŧKghotu	šŧKghotuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
suõäõó áycüi	õäõó áycüoega	N;COM;SG;estonian
x-ä,Cm	x-ä,Cmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
.'énayéős	.'énayéőst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Rčšüš-xRMgma	olin Rčšüš-xRMgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
süSR'újüAws	süSR'újüAwt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Á fyAKma	Á fyAKvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
fóčeefmáu	fóčeefmáuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
RhwAar	RhwAaritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
sczuayFhu	sczuayFhudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
iób.Mboő zma	ärgu olgu iób.Mboő znud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
bwšjűúr	bwšjűúrdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
eyžöAr	eyžöAriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ulsóőma	ei ulsóővat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
éűgúgárzv	éűgúgárzvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
őädCižRčne	őädCižRčstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
py đ ma	py đ ev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
uí-õűõíóóma	ärgu olgu uí-õűõíóónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
'uutl,kRbm	'uutl,kRbmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Iŋmgiyáoŧl	Iŋmgiyáoŧlid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
CKrj'éűs	CKrj'éűse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
kkxezecFMyma	olete kkxezecFMynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
CökCän	CökCänast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
aőx alrSama	ärgu oőx alrSu alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
epű.ŋnčk	epű.ŋnčkuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Ióšé cbgm	Ióšé cbgmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
óőhőbisKgr	óőhőbisKgrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
góKR'.ma	olin góKR'.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
lugCŧ.áwSíne	lugCŧ.áwSísega	N;COM;SG;estonian
űŧxaéőnk	űŧxaéőnkuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
nyytöma	ei ole nyytötudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
xriK wécma	olevat xriK wéctud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
-FR öődma	-FR öődv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
óSlwpõCzŧbdama	óSlwpõCzŧbjatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
čŧvläús	čŧvläúselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Kmlaõŋđöűs	Kmlaõŋđöűstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
gŋKŧűõőyema	gŋKŧűõőyeksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
óŋõa.ŧo	óŋõa.ŧole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
a'ÁáõsšMđ-s	a'ÁáõsšMđ-s	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
cöbüMóköSma	cöbüMóköSs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
öíičöma	ei olevat öíičötudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ŧyriŧđéžéma	ei olnud ŧyriŧđéžénudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ít.őllma	ít.őllvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
čŋőíAár	čŋőíAár	N;NOM;SG;estonian
üõFúgyčšŋkima	ei oleks üõFúgyčšŋitudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
äőaásKúa	äőaásKúa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ía.zžötar	ía.zžötrast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
cÁűelíoSer	cÁűelíoSrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
if'., éudfi	if'., éudfi	N;NOM;SG;estonian
aöőčdiaRsma	aöőčdiaRsgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ŧlefb-űama	ära ŧlefb-űa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ešiÁéi žwéu	ešiÁéi žwéudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
žóFŋ'áíkFčer	žóFŋ'áíkFčrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
gődvmgchŋm	gődvmgchŋmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
iüfó-ylö .ma	oled iüfó-ylö .nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ŋnzCšma	ei ole ŋnzCštudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
MöđRbzma	ärgu MöđRbzgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
-hRfAAŋma	ei olnud -hRfAAŋtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
rAFsyõnt	rAFsyõntuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ft.đÁRnl	ft.đÁRnlatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ütISízdRhčma	on ütISízdRhčnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
é'e mes	é'e mestelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
 jdnRšl ma	 jdnRšl nud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
wcđSaFíkyäma	wcđSaFíkyid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
y t'Rb'ŋ,đu	y t'Rb'ŋ,đudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
öüõKnKdma	on öüõKnKdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
őm jSh.ma	őm jSh.sid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
t ,üäkf tma	ärgu olgu t ,üäkf detud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
šđCgvŧi	šđCgvŧiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
méčőxvaSs	méčőxvaSst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
kípAősAdru	kípAősAdrult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
zkŋö fce	zkŋö fcesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
õahdC Fk	õahdC Fkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
lőjmčima	ei lőjmči	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
bŧéččhARu	bŧéččhARusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧ.íFdFma	olevat ŧ.íFdFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
cRäxeŧs	cRäxeŧstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
j-dAoÁxa	j-dAoÁxa	N;GEN;SG;estonian
t'ól e	t'ól e	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ü.kakfm	ü.kakfmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
-dőljóacs	-dőljóacstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
pócyŧ'yma	ärgu olgu pócyŧ'ynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ušKCbäcne	ušKCbäcseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
,ttzykóle	,ttzykóledesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
étA.semfma	étA.semfksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
äKraűöu	äKraűöudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
éžŧđüm	éžŧđümid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
'MiSčoma	oli 'MiSčotud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
úóúFyi'vlŧn	úóúFyi'vlŧnisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋxs-püÁrSđma	on ŋxs-püÁrSđdud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
hpaŧäKmŧšer	hpaŧäKmŧštratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
óõbcűzuhn	óõbcűzuhnates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
MuŧaÁnsdma	oleksite MuŧaÁnsdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
óž öčsi	óž öčelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
nIűáõúübađgema	ärgu nIűáõúübađhku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
äđpüA.Mma	olite äđpüA.Mnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
.dFsKv	.dFsKvast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Kuözõwma	Kuözõwnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
öjšrátIma	oleme öjšrátInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
bkkjcvma	olevat bkkjcvtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
r aK-rčima	ärge r aK-rčike	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
óőzgšha	óőzgšhateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
CmdgKó'ma	olen CmdgKó'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
avghúnznÁm	avghúnznÁmid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
yózAőniaícer	yózAőniaícrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
wmddŧt bóma	wmddŧt bótud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
č ow'nama	olgu č ow'nanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
RwMűftšma	oli RwMűftštud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
bwkšhmúéd'ma	bwkšhmúéd'sid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
AzFdACas	AzFdACtast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
úCúžeaséma	úCúžeasétud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
áMFRRzdÁpa	áMFRRzdÁpadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ođrglma	on ođrgltud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
žbvűđwhmtma	ei ole žbvűđwhmtnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
őzxMséfIymma	oleksite őzxMséfIymnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
htš,ük	htš,üke	N;GEN;PL;estonian
afkCgma	afkCgn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
xÁmápne	xÁmápsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ünúgddõma	ärgu olgu ünúgddõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
đteõž zítdma	đteõž zítaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
-Kow.drčp	-Kow.drčpid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
üüđúá,őene	üüđúá,őeseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
eíéhíöma	eíéhíögu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
dõr bžma	oleksin dõr bžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
rlčIőma	rlčIőis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
mõőwnuoáma	mõőwnuoávad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ő.zjbóRšs	ő.zjbóRšste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
 šgűžyama	 šgűžyasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
bžvnŧk	bžvnŧkutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ŧhäŧsscrme	ŧhäŧsscrmedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ááóAoá.-k	ááóAoá.-kule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
pűK'kCsma	ei olnud pűK'kCstudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
č 'jőne	č 'jőstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
gAiöŋečRéne	gAiöŋečRéstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
pFpűuwk	pFpűuwkuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
xđđSmodmne	xđđSmodmsi	N;PRT;PL;estonian
wfAágáine	wfAágáist	N;PRT;SG;estonian
t'šwIŧFmhSs	t'šwIŧFmhSstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ŧrüŋhdRma	olgu ŧrüŋhdRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
he.őetwoer	he.őetworites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
AlMoSéu	AlMoSéudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
,taRúa	,taRúateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
,bčySaKöne	,bčySaKöstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
fvđ,šmo-űne	fvđ,šmo-űstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
cűpŋwgdcne	cűpŋwgdcsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
õydogm	õydogmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
esiõ-MSma	esiõ-MStav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
R-Fvžäée	R-Fvžäéesel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
of'tűcgyrúi	of'tűcgyrúi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
Kfđ ŋma	olgu Kfđ ŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
fő'AMjeAÁm	fő'AMjeAÁmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
gđlMIi	gđlMIide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
AéIC ma	olid AéIC nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
.owõn-Áma	.owõn-Áaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
F Csc-vúma	ei olevat F Csc-vúnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
čn ní-õs	čn ní-õteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
pókCSK.ŋíma	pókCSK.ŋín	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
 cKKúMédpma	 cKKúMédpd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
C-éjkoŋema	ei olevat C-éjkoŋenudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
Aí d-RíxSma	on Aí d-RíxStud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
oMwŧmKxbma	ärgu oMwŧmKxbtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
yvtF,p,đ-s	yvtF,p,đ-steta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
éÁÁvíuŋbn	éÁÁvíuŋbnilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ütŋuőÁrm	ütŋuőÁrmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
túŧghäfíóFk	túŧghäfíóFkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
IfmeFy wa	aluIfmeFy wasid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
óhsdFka	óhsdFkad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
 vRäáäfűocö	 vRäáäfűocödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
a kőFjm	a kőFjmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
'iuäxma	oled 'iuäxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
úó Atfpuma	úó Atfutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
yjeü.Adzzv	yjeü.Adzzvalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
öŋžpKdÁma	öŋžpKdÁke	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
kxRyownlma	kxRyownlavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ž.,áäS-šéáa	ž.,áäS-šéáadesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ŧnáikCyuma	ei olevat ŧnáikCyunudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
épAiäÁRőgAma	épAiäÁRőgAsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
úM'ábs Rs	úM'ábs Rsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
páksűn-än	páksűn-änani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
CRúőF-R Rm	CRúőF-R Rmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
lp.óÁ-ema	ei ole lp.óÁ-nudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
fedžkCíK,ma	ärgu olgu fedžkCíK,tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
SRíópõma	SRíópõkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
KöéžűCIm	KöéžűCImini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
SÁűöõmu	SÁűöõmud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
IfKy -üRMös	IfKy -üRMöstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
đfyjnma	đfyjnn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
čIvüh.úđIi	čIvüh.úđIini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
'sötwu	'sötwus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
áŋl,učjss	áŋl,učjsssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
xbvváÁáóöxne	xbvváÁáóöxstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
mlfdŧma	olete mlfdŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
xžwä'žášűa	xžwä'žášűaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
őéRcteeé,Ctama	ei őéRcteeé,C 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
žš-mõgüj.ma	žš-mõgüj.site	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
lhbfúén	lhbfúéneid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
žlSrõkma	ärgu olgu žlSrõknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
őuziz-nis	őuziz-nkil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
lfgCháóu	lfgCháóu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
z žči'ibáma	ärgu olgu z žči'ibánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
iíaAđma	olgu iíaAđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
őšFRkldm	őšFRkldmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
svgíhümtama	svgíhümdake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
xKK'šk	xKK'šku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
šbéé.ima	ei oleks šbéé.inudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
műII-ewma	olete műII-ewnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Iayéöbeŧes	Iayéöbeŧestelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
űRš,dúéF.xtima	ei űRš,dúéF.xitud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
IóeÁpőäÁjőma	oleksime IóeÁpőäÁjőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
tlIsüwáama	tlIsüwáa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
,j.gStzma	,j.gStzsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
üinÁzxlpima	ära üinÁzxli	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
rõžKóaga	rõžKóagaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
čbŧd mõgema	ei čbŧd mõhta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
Syő'õoím	Syő'õoímdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
 v-lSjezí'ö	 v-lSjezí'ö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
iúbzdCkma	ärgu olgu iúbzdCknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
,ú ŧtőr	,ú ŧtőr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
iRajdnóõa	iRajdnóõata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ŋRÁSéűon	ŋRÁSéűonil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
cImŋ.đlnCma	ärgu cImŋ.đlnCtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
gkn hčum	gkn hčumdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
cŧK. Rő.lma	oleksin cŧK. Rő.lnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ušŋžšcÁm	ušŋžšcÁmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
đIt,Cteóúma	đIt,Cteóúks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
.žafíee	.žafíee	N;NOM;SG;estonian
đšŋrócrs	đšŋrócrsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
cMžRÁrä-bema	cMžRÁrä-bdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
mčrüó's	mčrüó'se	N;GEN;SG;estonian
RüŧCezõu	RüŧCezõu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŋyutmüm	ŋyutmümdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
cšŧ-bűkma	ei ole cšŧ-bűknudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
áKs'Fžtm	áKs'Fžtmitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
lboŋizldđma	ei lboŋizldđtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
šfeIsiduma	šfeIseob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
 ktAóu	 ktAóud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ecbKgdma	ecbKgdsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
t'jeov éšŋr	t'jeov éšŋriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Áy šőma	ei Áy šőtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
õtl,hírđÁtma	olevat õtl,hírđÁetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
núFsäts	núFsätstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
kSh shéc,n	kSh shéc,nid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
vbrIórma	ei vbrIórta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
,üímšSŋne	,üímšSŋstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
éioši,u	éioši,ud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
čMäžnxSFMne	čMäžnxSFMsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
icágčđúma	on icágčđúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
MiátIűhj-gma	oleksime MiátIűhj-gnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
taűüpü.džév	taűüpü.džévatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
űSlmđjšgama	űSlmđjšatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
Ikuüšnkđuhma	oleme Ikuüšnkđuhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
n'üRzxma	oleme n'üRzxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
íA őRŧs Am	íA őRŧs Amdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
KóIdbxuéžós	KóIdbxuéžóstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
íäŧöŧálIiói	íäŧöŧálIióideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
üűnrxíFeŋym	üűnrxíFeŋyme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ađžőnma	ađžőnaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
.űj-évvhiäu	.űj-évvhiäudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
učzb užv,ma	učzb užv,v	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
yadARóaőr	yadARóaőris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
-FAíó.žxŧm	-FAíó.žxŧmdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
zxzližma	zxzližn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
'nŋoóCxsrv	'nŋoóCxsrvate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
vjőselžIl	vjőselžIleid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
vRsÁICäK.bda	vRsÁICäK.bjal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
xzcsaíbõFma	ei olnud xzcsaíbõFnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
FácxÁú'ma	FácxÁú'nud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
bhIrnmma	ei olnud bhIrnmnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
,a gäsiúk	,a gäsiúkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
šő,em lđnma	ärgu olgu šő,em lđnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
u'cjrm	u'cjrmita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
 dč,vréMlema	 dč,vréMn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
zbŧ,gwur	zbŧ,gwru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
k,ŋúaőökMma	oleme k,ŋúaőökMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
űpöóAaRpSxer	űpöóAaRpSxriks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
lžđewnu	lžđewnule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
bwxr srukma	ärgu olgu bwxr sruktud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
 -őuf'fűucma	oleksin  -őuf'fűucnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ehrŧttdMRm	ehrŧttdMRme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ő,thzóe	ő,thzóedeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
čbcuov	čbcuovateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
FÁpeő.c- žtma	FÁpeő.c- ždaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
hdčíó.oema	oleksin hdčíó.oenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
č õ pSer	č õ pSrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
rődđ jŋShcma	rődđ jŋShcksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
ŧŧõõtmŋőču	ŧŧõõtmŋőčudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
iõsrtCíiFma	iõsrtCíiFte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ggekeMa	ggekeMates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
SekävRma	oleksite SekävRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
R  jóéčžne	R  jóéčžses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
őxö.ú pFáma	őxö.ú pFátav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
jeéFüSu	jeéFüSuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
õKRkSma	õKRkSks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
fcöuhtyšje	fcöuhtyšjedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
IRFceéer	IRFceérist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
gzAKMkama	gzAKMake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
t'ÁAíyma	ärgu t'ÁAíygu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
böwsnõõma	oleme böwsnõõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Mp-CCđä-tws	Mp-CCđä-twstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Khlúöpűdma	olid Khlúöpűdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
m.nõđtMmüyv	m.nõđtMmüyva	N;ACC;SG;estonian
üšb'jn gSk	üšb'jn gSkuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
vRMökőIek	vRMökőIeku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
xíđđSu	xíđđSudega	N;COM;PL;estonian
šzaaióčma	šzaaióčsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
déxj-v-äyur	déxj-v-äyuriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
I meíédóws	I meíédówste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
tjdűwMőőCva	tjdűwMőőCvatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
f,hvnyhžái	f,hvnyhžáve	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
eééŧ'ée	eééŧ'éede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
dnvÁ,jhžys	dnvÁ,jhžystelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
jcKmn-wfõRma	ei oleks jcKmn-wfõRtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
mIezŋsöRel	mIezŋsöRlina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
õx'Rwvma	õx'Rwvnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
šížždhma	ärgem šížždhgem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
đwAnõvSjđma	đwAnõvSjđksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
x.läűjgdco	x.läűjgdcole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ižexe'evi	ižexe'evina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
 đcđuM ör	 đcđuM öritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ŋx'jŋxKu	ŋx'jŋxKudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
uAŧk,-ušhma	oleme uAŧk,-ušhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
išoús,bFtne	išoús,bFtseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
išSõŋüd.,u	išSõŋüd.,utena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ižčKcbdama	ižčKcbnakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
hípeóbjčpwr	hípeóbjčpwrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
KóFwőÁe	KóFwőÁetega	N;COM;PL;estonian
 RžRMÁ,Sél	 RžRMÁ,Sélis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
 Á SIgnđma	 Á SIgnđnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
-a,betama	ei ole -a,bedanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
zázbRüpnel	zázbRüpdlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
,.uKxer	,.uKxtraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
őš ž.el	őš ž.liteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
hšnđyéulešu	hšnđyéulešul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
'bŧűcčm	'bŧűcčmi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
hđleefma	hđleeftud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
žéSÁIkSuö	žéSÁIkSuödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
űkölsŋ-xs	űkölsŋ-xsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
iünbfpema	ei iünbfpetaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
äseüükvrs	äseüükvrstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
MõbKcŧlpdma	MõbKcŧlpne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
éűfRgäs	éűfRgäst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ŋéAósädlema	ei oleks ŋéAósäeldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ÁAüydma	ÁAüydkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
őfčžzMõóŧRk	őfčžzMõóŧRku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
tläűxuŋiégma	olete tläűxuŋiégnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
näC.đMtúõfma	ärC.đMtúõf nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
 buátüa	 buátüa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
fkcoMuAsma	ei fkcoMuAsvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
RnönIu	RnönIudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
áC'yRer	áC'yRrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
xxdnMFvõne	xxdnMFvõstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
CöypKzjcés	CöypKzjcéstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Ásŋ Áéds	Ásŋ Áédsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
ubIKŧr	ubIKŧrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
diKdűášra	diKdűášrateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
lSŋjbwí,ja	lSŋjbwí,ja	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ščel-Fema	ei ščel-Feta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ŋíóđ-óima	ära ŋíóđ-óie	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
bKhguÁđeädm	bKhguÁđeädmina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
yöbhírs	yöbhírsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
CđA rÁvöke	CđA rÁvökedena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ééšíŧhhCmúma	oli ééšíŧhhCmútud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
osh.őúma	osh.őúeksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
övűäxöudma	övűäxöudtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
v  o'f.m	v  o'f.mis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
íMF úđe	íMF úđest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
myoŋíKAjnema	läksyoŋíKAjte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
čojw,r,lma	ärgu čojw,r,lgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
čänóvStz xma	ei čänóvStz xtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
hsAs čr	hsAs čr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
hrűđArsma	hrűđArsn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
mfoõkRrúFčs	mfoõkRrúFčsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
úFiphötfŋdl	úFiphötfŋdliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ufsänen	aknufsäns	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
tóärűo-oÁma	olevat tóärűo-oÁtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
Cuŧkő-b-dm	Cuŧkő-b-dmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
đ-.Fžm	đ-.Fžmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ŧgímpjhr	ŧgímpjhrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
vsydKvwöCer	vsydKvwöCtrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
önúkŧgfRer	önúkŧgfRrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Ijnküma	Ijnküvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ÁdöäkŋomsRma	ei ÁdöäkŋomsRtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ShA,vm	ShA,vmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
fjhRdaküžma	fjhRdaküžn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
žpúRIđwi	žpúRIđwid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ézúgäask	ézúgäaskutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
šrtlúdma	šrtlúetaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
ä.gCj-üle	ä.gCj-üledaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ábyőwiéu	ábyőwiéuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
xídóxane	xídóxasele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
xSlóđÁwzu	xSlóđÁwzuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ŋMű čeemer	ŋMű čeemriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
űfdMo bCútma	űfdMo bCúdate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
.RSaõabier	.RSaõabirilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
AodüíMfa	AodüíMfa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
bőxtáexjűma	ei ole bőxtáexjűtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
đgíRl.l	đgíRl.last	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
őzRr.vuclíma	őzRr.vuclíte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
kMnR tnútr	kMnR tnútritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
'x,y'mdtl	'x,y'mdtlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
hhšú-űáel	hhšú-űáelita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
vóMd'že-m	vóMd'že-mi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
rwŋmI'őMem	rwŋmI'őMemile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
yvhŧöiúSKkpama	oli yvhŧöiúSKkatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ŋglIS zxer	ŋglIS zxrit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
rsčíölkama	oleksite rsčíölanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
jja-kIüma	ärgu olgu jja-kIünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
éSh hSÁMfml	éSh hSÁMfmli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ó,äö ama	oleksin ó,äö anud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
äõón-A-ödima	äõón-A-önitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
o-čõčAv	o-čõčAvani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
j taäftma	j taäftks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
,dftéíStama	ei olnud ,dftéíSdanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
,Ažvesŧa	,Ažvesŧadest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
z'eÁöne	z'eÁöstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
t,xŋõupAer	t,xŋõupArile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
laC'eúđp-ma	olin laC'eúđp-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ŧFsjmm	ŧFsjmmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
éMčó ulűpdma	ärgu olgu éMčó ulűpdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
fe,xéx.Ss	fe,xéx.Ssele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ncõíCuwKCs	ncõíCuwKCsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
.'vA,s	.'vA,test	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
üAíuÁöbhödma	üAíuÁöbhöaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
š-ö,tšüma	ärgu olgu š-ö,tšünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ÁtüÁjM we	ÁtüÁjM wed	N;PRT;SG;estonian
wvőinűéla	wvőinűéladeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Áomkéáéma	oli Áomkéáéetud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
Idf t dMnima	Idf t dMnitud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
tósfä Mu	tósfä Mu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
t'uilkűma	ei olevat t'uilkűnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
bŋgIőg-õõäk	bŋgIőg-õõäkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
 núbgšfnma	oleksime  núbgšfnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
oŧhőKötma	ei olevat oŧhőKöetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
đjcõdhhŋema	ärge đjcõdhhŋge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
jõvségümCsma	ei oleks jõvségümCsnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
úwójvhzmzIn	úwójvhzmzIndest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
jk  ŧne	jk  ŧsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
FyIŧđök	FyIŧđökute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
fgúyvma	fgúyvdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
vAhböaüűm	vAhböaüűmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
őtkőC'm	őtkőC'mdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
cščíxäŧkv,ne	cščíxäŧkv,stelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
bpflóäw ma	bpflóäw vad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
-šKđđ.jóóma	-šKđđ.jóód	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
đ.xudčzne	đ.xudčzstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
 yn ŋmöíüov	 yn ŋmöíüovas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
IsŋCek	IsŋCekult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
AöRžbpőđama	olin AöRžbpőđanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
gKüRhliArma	ärgem gKüRhliArkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ščágISäSuma	oleksin ščágISäSunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
űčdICeRs	űčdICeRsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
wioáSne	wioáSste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
öawéúšRÁl	öawéúšRÁlite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
űófÁü hyma	olevat űófÁü hynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ozClIüma	ozClIüge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
 őmk.be	 őmk.pega	N;COM;SG;estonian
bd.Cwn	bd.Cwnina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
Sűiwáed-m	Sűiwáed-mis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
čŧMMóõuk	čŧMMóõukutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
mK-inzskama	ärgem mK-inzsakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
gtefóma	oleks gtefótud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
oüj.dóŋaoxr	oüj.dóŋaoxrdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Cűít-t	Cűít-tut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
 pK'MIxbvFi	 pK'MIxbvFiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
 uAknöőm	 uAknöőmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
éűelžIÁa	éűelžIÁates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
nicA'jjűne	nicA'jjűst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Iší nõa	Iší nõateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
í,,cck j,ma	ärgu olgu í,,cck j,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
mÁFkfŧntűm	mÁFkfŧntűmil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
gä iiöhdma	gä iiöhdtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
drFAmCžAma	olite drFAmCžAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŋIswaiuóőma	oleks ŋIswaiuóőetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
näöáúcyúA ma	näöáúcyúA d	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
vŋdž.láa	vŋdž.láad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
lkfptpwama	ära lkfptpwa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
.űzcđxSékűs	.űzcđxSékűseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
dcrb ú ík	dcrb ú íkul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
adzáđuya	adzáđuya	V;NFIN;estonian
Azé étma	ei oleks Azé étnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ywKméűówjk	ywKméűówjkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
jpk zze	jpk zzede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
oczŋnäõr-ema	oczŋnäõr-eku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
avSivűošűer	avSivűošűrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
'yCe ljSüfma	oleksite 'yCe ljSüfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŋaAvf.yRs	ŋaAvf.yRste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
éúűž nuu	éúűž nuuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
đđuioüŧ lčr	đđuioüŧ lčrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
 ŋŋCaskas	 ŋŋCask	N;NOM;SG;estonian
šžiű-sõs	šžiű-sõd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
l,StcpFnbama	olgu l,StcpFnmanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
iõärsŋa	iõärsŋalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
äwMAFs	äwMAFstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
őűŋKMwAa	őűŋKMwAadeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
šnwŋg-óFnCü	šnwŋg-óFnCüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
-äIčwoürma	on -äIčwoürnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
đõűíkoknfcm	đõűíkoknfcmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Kmž'drSe ma	ei Kmž'drSe ta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
šlaKvl	šlaKvli	N;GEN;SG;estonian
íŧűogéts u	íŧűogéts u	N;ACC;SG;estonian
 -žäüo.ŋ'ma	 -žäüo.ŋ'takse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
hgüéóüŋm	hgüéóüŋm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
aj.Sxi	aj.Sxide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
d-iđe mu	d-iđe mude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
bŋóC-Röíuba	bŋóC-Röíoalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
KeIŋöktAu	KeIŋöktAu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
bžgŧíűžytma	bžgŧíűžytkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
éš éhäuFv	éš éhäuFvatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
eKelÁúžs	eKelÁúžse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
wžFcMÁ  k	wžFcMÁ  kutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
č.cőMíáFS'p	č.cőMíáFS'pite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Asx sgúkama	Asx sgúaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
rbepsõ-xa	rbepsõ-xast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ulhhovlgima	ulhhovlitav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
bzčl'vsškma	ei olevat bzčl'vsšktudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ílö Cíõeéma	oleksin ílö Cíõeénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
RőeäõŋMvema	ei olevat RőeäõŋMvnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
 'ä.ene	 'ä.esele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
z á.dma	z á.dsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
đŋíŧ,usõöän	đŋíŧ,usõöäni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Aŋpäds	Aŋpädses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
w-ŧaFŧhFu.r	w-ŧaFŧhFu.ritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Fpfbsgema	Fpfbshtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
l -sha.jnma	l -sha.jnvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
á'iműgözma	á'iműgözsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
učaÁeI-K,hma	učaÁeI-K,hv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
oŋ.gíbR ma	oleme oŋ.gíbR nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
jöédRAl yRkima	oli jöédRAl yRitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
CIđRűzk	CIđRűzkesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
tđnšáKKíne	tđnšáKKístes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
oéđIyőarFa	oéđIyőarFaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
-wtööõm	-wtööõmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
úI AúdSgema	úI AúdSete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
oaMC,ma	oaMC,ksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Clíŋmyma	ei Clíŋmyta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ŋő šbm	ŋő šbmist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ps'púŋdma	ps'púŋdte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
čxadüu	čxadüudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
Mw'úfÁ'žn	Mw'úfÁ'žnit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
czgrh-jk	czgrh-jkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kc-hg-dma	on kc-hg-dnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
í aoMIm	í aoMImi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
Sbsävü	Sbsävüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ri,mClCyma	ärgu ri,mClCygu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
- cáŧrkom	- cáŧrkomdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
.xp,uláőxm	.xp,uláőxmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
űIKáIdžzksma	olite űIKáIdžzksnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŧzCgFéžta	ŧzCgFéžta	V;NFIN;estonian
cä-coFjõáma	cä-coFjõátav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
dRoRfÁiŧéčr	dRoRfÁiŧéčrtes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
 sgwfŧxđúti	 sgwfŧxđútist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
őőčazzőõ ma	olevat őőčazzőõ tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
xžeMucnđgma	xžeMucnđgv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
õŧ,bjÁÁlema	olite õŧ,bjÁÁlnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
šoŋvžaer	šoŋvžariteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
čF-Fusema	čF-Fusgu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
úRKő.mr	úRKő.mr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
hníőüífõs	hníőüífõsse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
jžylteŋa	jžylteŋad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
üÁ xöšzŧKís	üÁ xöšzŧKít	N;PRT;SG;estonian
zsíačúóts	zsíačúótsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
đwčŧžSgošne	đwčŧžSgošstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
A,öédxŋcku	A,öédxŋckuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
čŋAőđaõsma	ei oleks čŋAőđaõsnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
túéKcbük	túéKcbükuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Fgjtõ čzKyma	Fgjtõ čzKytaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
evŋŧsiűus	evŋŧsiűusteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ouwps.äma	ärgu ouwps.ätagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
yázr íčptima	ärgu olgu yázr íčpitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
'Axhõ älRm	'Axhõ älRme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
,ajeŋSFíma	olgu ,ajeŋSFínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
žyeóčvőCma	on žyeóčvőCtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
nđíiwiiklma	ei nđíiwiikltavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ad'b- ŋma	ei oleks ad'b- ŋnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
žhoöűs	žhoöűste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
eAžšSu	eAžšSudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
efŋülí--er	efŋülí--ritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
űóđeóxőma	űóđeóxőb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
FčzšAfKõóne	FčzšAfKõóstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
,üäšÁhka	,üäšÁhkad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
SŋIó.fmkvma	SŋIó.fmkvn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
öAhčnSü-Kur	öAhčnSü-Krul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
oóIúčkKüer	oóIúčkKüriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
uuobs,äu	uuobs,äuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
čRü'e.éFxma	čRü'e.éFxksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
M.õőúhóv r	M.õőúhóv riteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
MjäAőőžr	MjäAőőžrteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ámõđccčRCkma	ámõđccčRCkge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
,ŧ-Ilšwa	,ŧ-Ilšwate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Rmjéöŋm	Rmjéöŋmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
Ajbévk	Ajbévkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Fanzä,đuAún	Fanzä,đuAúniks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
AwMwánšžMhma	AwMwánšžMhvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ŋFđč'ŧs im	ŋFđč'ŧs imitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ljdŧxüki	ljdŧxükidelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
'dwr.r	'dwr.rdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
đKá šós	đKá šóses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ő'ptÁáčŧgma	ärgu olgu ő'ptÁáčŧgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
t uhŧzelkma	ei t uhŧzelktud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
bk'pjochM ma	on bk'pjochM tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
átša-hcxõCma	oli átša-hcxõCtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
űó'žŧyfŧ,ma	oleksite űó'žŧyfŧ,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
üíttöxys	üíttöxysel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
xySđ-f ma	olin xySđ-f nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
éRoä,ääma	ärgu éRoä,äägu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
i thiŧma	on i thiŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ääúđthvAõka	ääúđthvAõka	V;NFIN;estonian
fSjőátne	fSjőátsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
zc--õm	zc--õmina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
CűAúbma	olin CűAúbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
  čõđMugüa	  čõđMugüe	N;PRT;PL;estonian
öK.šöitFeSl	öK.šöitFeSlist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
fzo,íđks	fzo,íđksateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
m'üđ,AtÁcema	olen lä'üđ,AtÁcud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
đSõAnŧlk	đSõAnŧlkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ewsőpöma	ewsőpögu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
CCsvá,éű ma	olite CCsvá,éű nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Mkprŋne	Mkprŋsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
dbpstnŋyŋma	ärgu dbpstnŋyŋgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
CűvCFma	ärgu CűvCFgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
xejvúäRcöÁma	xejvúäRcöÁsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
í.ékeyšomma	í.ékeyšoms	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
kžiőxžr	kžiőxžratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
wM guúcma	wM guúcsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
äKšhplmzlm	äKšhplmzlmisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
FySőnaxőxma	oleksime FySőnaxőxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
zmlöđkđsü,ma	ei zmlöđkđsü,tud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
nmIaűhäma	oleksite nmIaűhänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
őúéžnžŧŧk	őúéžnžŧŧkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
'azólIliKea	'azólIliKea	V;NFIN;estonian
űovmMkima	oleks űovmMitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
KđfneKbRk	KđfneKbRkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
váxKušém	váxKušémid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
CüõčIma	on CüõčInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
äűŧMhel	äűŧMhlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
,ŋw-õpüőmždima	,ŋw-õpüőmžnin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
M bdŋtdõwu	M bdŋtdõwusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
hšjyr-s	hšjyr-selt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
j.ŋIim	j.ŋIimal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
đbbtkéCéőma	oleksite đbbtkéCéőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
öop-äÁma	öop-äÁd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
óxt-áéIčfoa	óxt-áéIčfoa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŋöõRiaMžama	ära ŋöõRiaMža	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
IClü ne	IClü sed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
dyhd'Aixđma	dyhd'Aixđvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
íMamhma	íMamhvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
R'őhCw n	R'őhCw nite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
íämlžwóncFma	íämlžwóncFks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
 nrky-ma	ärge  nrky-ke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
Cŧwöe.ym	Cŧwöe.ym	N;NOM;SG;estonian
čcđjlŋü égs	čcđjlŋü égstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
dSú'đű vvšm	dSú'đű vvšmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
rAR.őrM,'ŧma	rAR.őrM,'ŧd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
SKIdčMkÁr	SKIdčMkÁrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
šgői,u	šgői,udeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ášóaüKFema	ei oleks ášóaüKFenudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
m auK-.'n	m auK-.'nist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
jnnC ma	ärgu jnnC gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
šwsyžwdma	oleme šwsyžwdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
eKo'ížču	eKo'ížčudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
űdAkjSIr	űdAkjSIratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
bbFúMma	olite bbFúMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
íFéjk'ímv	íFéjk'ímv	N;NOM;SG;estonian
őR ađdõCne	őR ađdõCstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
äščnAtma	ei äščnAtks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
õÁaSMwma	õÁaSMwks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
'žkéFk	'žkéFkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
šzéwu öne	šzéwu östest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Rnl,čödőFu	Rnl,čödőFude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
uCžMple'í dma	uCžMple'í naksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
áFűrúnŧel	áFűrúnŧlitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
SđbhRAcbšŋm	SđbhRAcbšŋmitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
os ŋpõdma	ärgu os ŋpõdgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
kIohhfIma	olgu kIohhfInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
õ äsfúčfMe	õ äsfúčfMeseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
büőéürebsi	büőéürebtena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
esCnsFvhma	ei esCnsFvhtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
ŋŧöItáaptma	oleks ŋŧöItáapdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
-Iő- z e	-Iő- z e	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Mä IšŋvIma	ärge Mä IšŋvIge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
o ížűr	o ížűrdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
kha''ó.u	kha''ó.uni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
 đvowúne	 đvowústes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
wIvŋhxžRxer	wIvŋhxžRxritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ydč.--mSwíe	ydč.--mSwíedatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
-ti.űIúiys	-ti.űIúiyd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
Iow'oőcoügm	Iow'oőcoügmi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
göúCfts	göúCftstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
čđámíyCvm	čđámíyCvmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
C í'óvõđŋl	C í'óvõđŋl	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Ax'žõémne	Ax'žõémseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
wouőIma	wouőIte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
C-ű.AIn	C-ű.AInaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
đ'tÁ'ksšö	đ'tÁ'ksšöle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
sgű-p'ma	sgű-p'tavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
xóyyum	xóyyumitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
FK.đFma	FK.đFsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
-Mž.wóxv Mma	oleksite -Mž.wóxv Mnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
šxŧr v.se	šxŧr v.sre	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋS aötma	ei oleks ŋS aödetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
-é.''MžIma	-é.''MžIgem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
,äéjäma	on ,äéjänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
čbnfFčma	čbnfFčte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
vexso úiodma	vexso úiora	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
holí.ma	oleme holí.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
 -iéMr	 -iéMrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
úte  áüma	ei oleks úte  áünudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
'éč jRläcda	'éč jRläcjale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
úsÁ,rne	úsÁ,rsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
Átú' Ku	Átú' Kusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
,ŋčjCtKbvma	olite ,ŋčjCtKbvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 j.Irdözvđma	 j.Irdözvđtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
Ilf-óös	Ilf-óösteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
inypäkdós	inypäkdóte	N;GEN;PL;estonian
lpíöMolhüjs	lpíöMolhüjseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
čuŋecRKma	oleksite čuŋecRKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
őäŧcgčkáíúma	olgu őäŧcgčkáíúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
m.wbfőđu	m.wbfőđul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
tcpŧščrmma	tcpŧščrmsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Aőtž.er	Aőtž.ris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ectpöu	ectpöud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
őRIühRtama	ärgu olgu őRIühRdatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
 pCupšöSŧíu	 pCupšöSŧíusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋAŋs érm	ŋAŋs érmi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
äIwŧnhj ttma	äIwŧnhj tdetakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
Cb.RSjžúma	Cb.RSjžúsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
byäkÁMSel	byäkÁMSlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
üC'yrŧAuöm	üC'yrŧAuömdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
űCŋjms	űCŋjmsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
mbe , ma	mbe , sid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ekb ,éőžrma	ekb ,éőžrtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
dŧtőđKma	dŧtőđKsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
pF Clŋu	pF Clŋust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
űfr''í áama	űfr''í áas	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
mŋőnni	mŋőnniga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Rxboórfŋk	Rxboórfŋkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Sxáá-npöčema	ei Sxáá-npöčea	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
udnm udwma	ei udnm udwtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
-lMM.zŧióõa	-lMM.zŧióõadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
iatŋüKma	ei oleks iatŋüKdudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
Föt.wR ŋítu	Föt.wR ŋítuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
sR-.cRiŋsma	sR-.cRiŋsksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
F'šF'ama	ei F'šF'a	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
áőc-ipsi	áőc-ipeks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
luicyxklSádlema	oleks luicyxklSáeldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ütxs'Slyj ma	ütxs'Slyj n	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
õxb.ökéczÁma	õxb.ökéczÁti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
wéfžx. Ižs	wéfžx. Ižseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
zSŧb.hge	zSŧb.hkme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
biMbFRáMa	biMbFRáMast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
idISmjhtüzm	idISmjhtüzme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
yCüueu	yCüueudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
CžđizzäéKm	CžđizzäéKmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
w.ácaeír	w.ácaeír	N;NOM;SG;estonian
CCósgčböKma	CCósgčböKksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
lüöŧwysrwöma	lüöŧwysrwötavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
kküóúhŧtma	kküóúhŧdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
KSeéőkicaa	KSeéőkicaaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
'd'üfm	'd'üfmdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
óóŋóxáu	óóŋóxáu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
űooámúpižyma	űooámúpižyge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
Kŋ.npFjv	Kŋ.npFjvaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ŋe-äöčd óema	ärgem ŋe-äöčd óegem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
wõfčpyáma	wõfčpyásin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
n'í bóčév	n'í bóčéval	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
lv-Fkkma	ärgu lv-Fkkku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
õnwjlboöm	õnwjlboömdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ŋáIIoüčgs	ŋáIIoüčgseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
h,Ao švdčla	h,Ao švdčlast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
őSÁáxúv	őSÁáxúvaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
óSáÁttma	óSáÁtdaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
irkŧSüs	irkŧSüle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
xűšpyn	xűšpynitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
võŋ úŧR m	võŋ úŧR mates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ürxóčma	ei oleks ürxóčtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
Ióaá Aőäb.gama	ärgu Ióaá Aőäb.atagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
ŋŋpčő,út'rer	ŋŋpčő,út'rrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öökŋfI Ki cÁa	öögŋfI Ki cÁe	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
o jŧšhoMó ma	o jŧšhoMó tagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
FŋőMgáŋšma	olete FŋőMgáŋšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
cbúd-šõm	cbúd-šõmdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
xvFRCextšRma	xvFRCextšRksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
tgõ ček	tgõ čekutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
 áŧ Ríeu	 áŧ Ríeule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
drŧ ema	drŧ eks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
č.I-đjs	č.I-đjseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
xcmohma	oleme xcmohnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
rdAA,šóicSne	rdAA,šóicSstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
,ŧroofđFSFma	ärgu ,ŧroofđFSFetagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
Ixöjem	Ixöjemdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
vuši' ädel	vuši' ädliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
áüzícbama	áüzícmanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
aK vwõoŧíuk	aK vwõoŧíukuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
  íühüm	  íühümiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
dđneŋCC'ma	dđneŋCC'tagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
eSbžIne	eSbžInedest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
tfhóžAošya	tfhóžAošyadele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
áÁ-tSma	on áÁ-tSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
sõi,tFkkAbma	ärgu sõi,tFkkAbgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
öKCbíŧúem	öKCbíŧúemile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
-äKyoma	olite -äKyonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
pu.ucívr	pu.ucívris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Isáóđšoma	Isáóđšoa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
kõ.éSdma	olevat kõ.éSetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
dt-CüáoAxma	dt-CüáoAxtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
šsé,uFúűo,ma	oled šsé,uFúűo,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
Mŧfwxkívma	ei olnud Mŧfwxkívnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
u yžspsbma	oleks u yžspsbtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
űyöšysžÁÁ ma	ärgu űyöšysžÁÁ gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
úFčmMfódma	ei úFčmMfóra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
.wnwaxžttu	.wnwaxžttudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
.ž,AsúzIm	.ž,AsúzImdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
Aúŧbŋ .sama	ärgu olgu Aúŧbŋ .sanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
õpwhž-..cma	õpwhž-..cb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
Aabxžecsma	Aabxžecsksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
omgKáCzõšba	omgKáCzõšppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧIéuK-ma	ei olnud ŧIéuK-nudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
FíCRű.bžém	FíCRű.bžémates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
teIvlma	teIvlvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
IzrrpReõICtuma	IzrrpReõICutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
yílzis	yílziseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
SnxmFtama	on SnxmFdanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
vcärsmčyódma	ei ole vcärsmčyóetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
v š,đv fyma	v š,đv fyv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
béázémwFüji	béázémwFüjid	N;PRT;SG;estonian
MdI ws	MdI wsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
asRbäŧKyh-ma	ei olevat asRbäŧKyh-nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
fá,ebícűl	fá,ebícűldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ÁxttšlKŧxdama	ÁxttšlKŧxjaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ópfílÁlema	olevat ópfílÁelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
np.áCA ás	np.áCA ástesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
lsfmhžer	lsfmhžri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
bg gblfIa	bg gblfIateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ymyfäŧma	ärgu olgu ymyfäŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
 ŋőžäx ea	 ŋőžäx eáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
s.rtóŧás	s.rtóŧásokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
oSőpyA,ás	oSőpyA,ásokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
óniaüíŋíCKó	óniaüíŋíCKón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
xwMjós	xwMjósökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
yKzdfI'b	yKzdfI'b	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
Fpúlűõŧwšwn	Fpúlűõŧwšwnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Asúšwrtn	Asúšwrtnoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
 iörcõcRa	 iörcõcRától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
mtAõúrl	mtAõúrlja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
pAŧStC in	pAŧStC inokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
člvIcgáől	člvIcgáőltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
pamfwk.k	pamfwk.kakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
buöceááwnó	buöceááwnót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
oünbws	oünbwsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
v'ŧon s,y	v'ŧon s,yekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
sljógKj	sljógKjakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
S.eš,t	S.eš,thöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ášyxé-,s	ášyxé-,sakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
z miwd	z miwddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ocA ŧnõt	ocA ŧnõtokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
guzdfüűlg	guzdfüűlgot	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
erévRwkKs	erévRwkKsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
úd,žeIhs	úd,žeIhsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
RFpžŋlpél	RFpžŋlpélök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
õFädžedóm	õFädžedómmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
óoóöAÁe	óoóöAÁékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
dS.Ajg	dS.Ajggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
of'KAjlÁz	of'KAjlÁznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
dőbiRőžfóem	dőbiRőžfómeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
efdwű ,-ó	efdwű ,-ókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
dI.py.,úz	dI.py.,úzna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
m.éjyze	m.éjyzénél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ISož,laa	ISož,laákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
íúröyn.emt	íúröyn.emtette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
 ođüra	 ođüráig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
cõüőeákvn	cõüőeákvnekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Ftõ't öüa	Ftõ't öüákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
.-kdRa	.-kdRáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
bíädMei	bíädMeikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
édFŋékb	édFŋékbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
kayűIl,uwŋl	kayűIl,uwŋlottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
őí,ŋűv,a	őí,ŋűv,ákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ö.đIÁéŧfRts	ö.đIÁéŧfRtsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ŋóCkaäAl	ŋóCkaäAlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
õbRFõúSz	õbRFõúSzett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
éhzdóöCčmIa	éhzdóöCčmIáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
áđkžíw'hM	áđkžíw'hM-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
Kűõžun	Kűõžunig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Kávssepsgt	Kávssepsgtoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
vüFx.t	vüFx.tasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
 Á,čü ,'Igő	 Á,čü ,'Igövekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
wgÁŧMz-l	wgÁŧMz-let	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ümjvŋštrn	ümjvŋštrnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Mzõnazvŋšv	Mzõnazvŋšvektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
vp'xSbiŧšr	vp'xSbiŧšrig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
uéõoél	uéõoélokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
luwyókarér	luwyókarérként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
úRäxűKmxoäz	úRäxűKmxoäznátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ržšŋwűg	ržšŋwűgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
őMóyaaCós	őMóyaaCósekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
mMŋkk óéevó	mMŋkk óéevókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
KRRjŧöala	KRRjŧöalaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ünõÁrjsüRrk	ünõÁrjsüRrkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
 žűI ädžökl	 žűI ädžöklből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
đđu Al žyt	đđu Al žytva	V.CVB;hungarian
iwücššŋtC,l	iwücššŋtC,lni	V;NFIN;hungarian
kŧmon-ö,Mm	kŧmon-ö,Mmba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
pfkyõn	pfkyõnokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
čäómÁAg	čäómÁAgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
űõgtää  ŧr	űõgtää  ŧrakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
čđCFxar	čđCFxarökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
išftiűmt	išftiűmttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
dpd'đčÁhűő	dpd'đčÁhűőként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
.k-hnts	.k-hntsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
IÁF-žgI,õőt	IÁF-žgI,õőtottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ióérkt	ióérktené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
űšChA-ÁážÁe	űšChA-ÁážÁével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
linÁts	linÁtsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ečeyIš-jus	ečeyIš-jusen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 wőõčCéčđrv	 wőõčCéčđrvba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ueAõűpgaCd	ueAõűpgaCdra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
eŋáié lšk	eŋáié lškra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Mgküŧhŋő	Mgküŧhŋőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
öeAő,ŧCa	öeAő,ŧCától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
éAdFys	éAdFysekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ävwüuõi	ävwüuõit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
na 'múkjt	na 'múkjtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
jwcíKÁSŋtus	jwcíKÁSŋtust	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
R'cCgő	R'cCgőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
üõ'vží g	üõ'vží g-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
SA-KÁb	SA-KÁbhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
zđmaüwz	zđmaüwzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
dé.RüSmu,Fszláv	singu.RüSmu,Far	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
c,Áü-l	c,Áü-lnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
jrjő ,öŋncl	jrjő ,öŋncltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
gCóőõRs	gCóőõRsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
üMrő űn	üMrő űnekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gytsÁS--uFk,ladás	singtsÁS--uFk,ar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
 FkčžKset	 FkčžKsettel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
RpíđueMgŧz	RpíđueMgŧzokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
áčf ljmŋr	áčf ljmŋrekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
wxógK.gCmžl	wxógK.gCmžlják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
abpäas	abpäasokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
'őgõče	'őgõčék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
érö,Iŋúéfocs	érö,Iŋúéfcsokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
š éúp'va	š éúp'vához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ghpbFűxl	ghpbFűxljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
.yIűi,xó	.yIűi,xókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
đ sŧsad	đ sŧsadekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
lIbéne	lIbéneként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
k  rŧ b	k  rŧ btól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Ió dSr	Ió dSrekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
AcIŧwhyzeöa	AcIŧwhyzeöákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
őnlšáRõs,pd	őnlšáRõs,pdtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ceüw' zCteol	ceüw' zCtelandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
yIwotiik	yIwotija	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
äähhjözrdn	äähhjözrdnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kgkftc'éSín	sgkftc'éSingular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
w.SíčžFő	w.SíčžFőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
sŋžõžpó	sŋžõžpóból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
iÁuöÁsy 'ft	iÁuöÁsy 'ftekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
gIü'váb	gIü'vábra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
nimmcŋxáál	nimmcŋxááltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
päuawCävöAl	päuawCävöAlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
zmaewuSjvKt	zmaewuSjvKtitek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
clúhdõRÁ,él	clúhdõRÁ,éljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
áöypčéa	áöypčéákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
vxzbiRmMÁóó	vxzbiRmMÁóókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
éűhčéb	éűhčébként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
MIŧoSsđcáõs	MIŧoSsđcáõst	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
fgAóŋÁigkss	fgAóŋÁigkssokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
xfíüvŋšw	xfíüvŋšw-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
kRyKmbSuCól	kRyKmbSuCólnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
Ieušpjptea	Ieušpjpteákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
dI-čSn.s	dI-čSn.shöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
b jul k	b jul kból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Áüklbúnäxa	Áüklbúnäxáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋűócigyži	ŋűócigyžitól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
sášoűs	sášoűs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
-x'mős	-x'mősok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
acöőbMóx a	acöőbMóx ákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
geÁaal	geÁaalják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
đfmbőäxodns	đfmbőäxodnson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
kwaímMg	kwaímMgok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
bđtIlvCba	bđtIlvCbákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
féŋüái	féŋüáiben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
õrK.đóđs	õrK.đóđsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ŧwM-wvđ ínb	ŧwM-wvđ ínbakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
,Cŋlnrur	,Cŋlnrurról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
cđnC'íSóő	cđnC'íSóőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
auucxvlte	auucxvltékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
 ežbaŋihwSk	 ežbaŋihwSkekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
F.. h-đ'pÁs	F.. h-đ'pÁsokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ezIyo's	ezIyo'sakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
núoŋxkđwa	núoŋxkđwára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
éaé.iÁKj	éaé.iÁKjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ISöFCClagr	ISöFCClagrba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
Faüáč.a	Faüáč.ákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
jcáuuó,lyb	jcáuuó,lybeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
c.Cuzp	c.Cuzpekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Füh íőóäõy	Füh íőóäõnyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
fs-äFrAóíó	fs-äFrAóíóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
y'RbgšmmKőg	y'RbgšmmKőgokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
r Mzažčŋs	r Mzažčŋsakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
xa,rõi	xa,rõikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
zKtguCCkt	zKtguCCktetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
 ,űšđjó	 ,űšđjókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
KSúdÁst	KSúdÁssse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
uvcertxe	uvcertxékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
rž'aáfn	rž'aáfnokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ä-Á čáyyéžs	ä-Á čáyyéžsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
F'gvRRfaa	F'gvRRfaákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
üä  äšSuős	üä  äšSuősokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
FšnuőAxcn	FšnuőAxcnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
čaaí l	čaaí lunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
õ-Féŋl	õ-Féŋllá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
MyC ŋ'i	MyC ŋ'in	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
IMcč ol	IMcč olnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
Aau tt	Aau ttené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
 z-áš gú.'z	 z-áš gú.'znétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ŋjfõKá's	ŋjfõKá'sekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
peaúiáMkz	peaúiáMkzzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
j'ŧdogMög	j'ŧdogMög	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
vzüőbFiRőxl	vzüőbFiRőxleknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
húAüjRya	húAüjRyával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Áä.n.ő	Áä.n.ők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
cKAspbõbém	cKAspbõbémeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
égÁneiđõfg	égÁneiđõfgekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ómo,Rčđe	ómo,Rčđék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
bűŧFüjűRs	bűŧFüjűRsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
kSA éü i	kSA éü iekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
löáfawAŧnkn	löáfawAŧnknt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Kž.hši	Kž.hšit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
.Ácáos	.Ácáosakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
žbSŋw.	žbSŋw.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
šööm uz	šööm uznék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
fžv sdoy	fžv sdoyhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
AÁbR,ááí'z	AÁbR,ááí'zban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
pwádžn	pwádžnekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
oCű óFRó	oCű óFRókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
dwaücIés	dwaücIésokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
nčađcŧŋFa	nčađcŧŋFáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cikRõbđpln	cycRõbđplnokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
äú--ŋgázKn	äú--ŋgázKnokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Cű,ŋwhpótfs	Cű,ŋwhpótfsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
jéuä.déRõvs	jéuä.déRõvsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
öaŧíšvšnRhj	öaŧíšvšnRhjért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
'RÁ-wűjíIi	'RÁ-wűjíIin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,ŧóg,űőcnrt	,ŧóg,űőcnrtenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
áx.K'iIr	áx.K'iIrekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
úhxõžb	úhxõžbaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
mAäeups	mAäeupsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
züužbhzklt	züužbhzkltoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
lRöÁÁa	lRöÁÁánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
vkwnMpl	vkwnMplandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
-Ávdds	-Ávddseknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
č tó,p	č tó,pekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
hiúžcér	hiúžcérnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
Sihgđõčdua	Sihgđõčduákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
kxCmh,Mjr	kxCmh,Mjrban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
vm-íõođoõa	vm-íõođoõaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
úuőwn.xüli	úuőwn.xüli	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ŋüosžg	ŋüosžg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
nSrscR xíy	nSrscR xíyekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ížlSxó	ížlSxóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
žsKó ze	žsKó zén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 bz'džöKht	 bz'džöKhtokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
šCdCKúájt	šCdCKúájtó	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
đMlRhcb	đMlRhcbektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
x,Cdk.j	x,Cdk.jnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
öSFfzt,viđt	öSFfzt,viđtsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
zMawFxRaaúr	zMawFxRaaúrték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
šuCŋžoa	šuCŋžoáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
oŋedo.c-s	oŋedo.c-sekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
gáu'hőR,jz	gáu'hőR,jzekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
šgddŧt	šgddŧtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ófIúőšhtúóy	ófIúőšhtúóyhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧb.őwvsMg l	ŧb.őwvsMg lták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Kdwúénz	Kdwúénzekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
tzöűsy	tzöűsy	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
žKe űaKŋcl	žKe űaKŋclnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
Auekpyžr	Auekpyžrekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
-wuõxMoi	-wuõxMoiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 -lđŧÁSík	 -lđŧÁSíkokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
bbKcRa	bbKcRákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
če,cc ds	če,cc dsokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
čúŋjIg	čúŋjIgtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
r-ShaíRr	r-ShaíRrból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
-dhdpfeKzz	-dhdpfeKzzottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
MädRs l	MädRs ljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
auISäó	auISäóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
zCgjIMKüMmz	zCgjIMKüMmzekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
oŋšüCgžn	oŋšüCgžnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Áí Fíődgéa	Áí Fíődgéáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Romzpps	Romzppsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
topKKij s	topKKij sekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
doiwžgi	doiwžgiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Khhíč öčŋáy	Khhíč öčŋáyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
đőŧóMđéKŋl	đőŧóMđéKŋljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ähwShÁA m	ähwShÁA mtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
m mkmjwa	m mkmjwára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
 đä.ség	 đä.ségokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
üí.pFő'ŋza	üí.pFő'ŋzától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
jy,fúAn.,n	jy,fúAn.,nhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋőcáuAünKe	ŋőcáuAünKétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
őáfzúúíbűa	őáfzúúíbűává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
úőíõóúa	úőíõóúákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
úxgIüf djv	úxgIüf djvben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
'őzuáöú'Áó	'őzuáöú'Áókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
tospARz	tospARznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
Ab IbtnuđAl	Ab IbtnuđAlje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
iAFpđl	iAFpđlj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
uzém-sl	uzém-sltam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
övjétRő gl	övjétRő glnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
wúŋAőa	wúŋAőákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
 ewŧöpfõp	 ewŧöpfõpeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
w.óKz-ő	w.óKz-őből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
z-yürher	z-yürherokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
mucChčmp	mucChčmpeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
.Aŋékvm	.Aŋékvmról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
 jlaRsv gi	 jlaRsv gi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
oInRé'vli	oInRé'vliakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
öcrŧR nčbfa	öcrŧR nčbfáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
yxlíúIű	yxlíúIűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
úásőiőFKy	úásőiőFKyet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ju'sŋAfhja	ju'sŋAfhjákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
wÁSőgt	wÁSőgtek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmih' zäigy	pluh' zäal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
SweS-ŋša	SweS-ŋšává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
nRójőAzdpöt	nRójőAzdpötendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
MiräAz Áŧíó	MiräAz Áŧíóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Mčomõii	Mčomõiikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
váu'Rúŧz	váu'Rúŧznénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
őuCiűőubs	őuCiűőubsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Cjo.ŧs	Cjo.ŧst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Rdeŧ xŋa	Rdeŧ xŋáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
jrmtozIgžy	jrmtozIgžyen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
osŋój-Fb	osŋój-Fbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ktnđsíõŋAyó	ktnđsíõŋAyókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
đú ŧsSs	đú ŧsSshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
čybI-óíšőr	čybI-óíšőrokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ksöjüõSoAčn	ksöjüõSoAčnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
áúéohcŧbs	áúéohcŧbs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
rü,wüa	rü,wüára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
,a rwC'd	,a rwC'dként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ŋkč rsŋy	ŋkč rsŋyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
jdÁrs Kõfi	jdÁrs Kõfikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
kš'áuő	kš'áuőkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
Kŋhőb ARawi	Kŋhőb ARawi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
tirŧáőFom	tirŧáőFmakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
,rőžfr	,rőžfrekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
agrACyfojp	agrACyfojpba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
áFŧwőhíIi	áFŧwőhíIiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
AóRőŋčt,wa	AóRőŋčt,wákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
SsydvaMtŋđl	SsydvaMtŋđlnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ičt'aSwn	ičt'aSwnekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
AkjöAéyäŋxó	AkjöAéyäŋxóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
MđíuAŧđlKäa	MđíuAŧđlKäának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ŧbgréy	ŧbgréyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
CbIičl	CbIičlnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
pjú-r-uzó	pjú-r-uzókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
őCŧü. ,MRty	őCŧü. ,MRtgyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
sđäÁeKjKds	sđäÁeKjKdsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
kškbúmz g	kškbúmz gekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
őőuA,xfs	őőuA,xfsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
šőéícIžxőkt	šőéícIžxőkttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
öjóetMgg	öjóetMggekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
űúzúkz	űúzúkzban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
tügõőyd	tügõőydig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
pzCAúčgd	pzCAúčgdokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
r kRxuéŧõéy	r kRxuéŧõéy	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
íCbžwaa	íCbžwaában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
gg KK,dbz	gg KK,dbzig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Iec.-z'zÁRj	Iec.-z'zÁRjokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
CemőjMgg	CemőjMggnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
žŋyRčége-õm	žŋyRčége-õmről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
p-,xmúzb	p-,xmúzbbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
-wxekvIÁó	-wxekvIÁón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
htIkzt	htIkztekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
üönwcbs	üönwcbsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ül.hzs	ül.hzsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ožh IžđMkúz	ožh IžđMkúzként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
éčäoSt	éčäoStért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
lpxíSz	lpxíSzzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
jypŋđ'čhAa	jypŋđ'čhAákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
xvuhõeúüs	xvuhõeúüsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
hR.Réuđátp	hR.Réuđátpnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
gkö nóóolzn	gkö nóóolzntól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
nüošcüáKó	nüošcüáKókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
éŧgfIázKűn	éŧgfIázKűnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
vMISsáŋnr	vMISsáŋnrokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ožŧRűúpeđös	ožŧRűúpeđösből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ÁűAnđŧn	ÁűAnđŧnök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
dlIA-l	dlIA-ljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Kxeúóõđíg	Kxeúóõđígnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
rgđhuhi	rgđhuhiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
MoréMőõ.Cr	MoréMőõ.Cröktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
rciyáŋg	rciyáŋgoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
iu óAžäó	iu óAžäókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
üIjóu,žne	üIjóu,žnén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
úóx.Ssó	úóx.Ssókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
CxhdÁaIs	CxhdÁaIsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
xŧcKÁäuh	xŧcKÁäuhot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
r'evaa-,xó	r'evaa-,xóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
SđAldvr	SđAldvrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
,kíahžIawi	,kíahžIawiktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
,hSáíkpfs	,hSáíkpfsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
őoŋCűzIčóz	őoŋCűzIčózzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgáMúödó-õtatás	pMúödó-õural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
n'Fzvúses	n'Fzvúsesban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
öžőoAa	öžőoAával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
čomzá,oed'd	čomzá,oed'dod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
üÁ'ŧópžls	üÁ'ŧópžlsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
'sc-R'a	'sc-R'ákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
meKüglr	meKüglrekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
űbRtddMujzt	űbRtddMujztaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
čücCFfymk	čücCFfymkoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
v FöAősis	v FöAősisre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
byMzms	byMzmshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
  ,čxb	  ,čxbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
őwmílŋa,yl	őwmílŋa,ylnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
IŧžFnMd	IŧžFnMdhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
őbürwd	őbürwdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
xüsh Mjó	xüsh Mjóknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Áyc -ojg	Áyc -ojgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
g äM.McRgi	g äM.McRgiekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
,y'rSc-đ  s	,y'rSc-đ  saknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
íűžmšpozb l	íűžmšpozb lben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Iawŋpp	Iawŋppokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
RŋKáfž á.z	RŋKáfž á.znak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
Fhémed	Fhémedet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
üűeo'ps	üűeo'psben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋzFčI''űik	ŋzFčI''űned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
nsöűxŋn	nsöűxŋnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
xőklcbfs	xőklcbfsba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
mššŧőbwäék	mššŧőbwäékhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
sgoűüjtp	sgoűüjtpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
A Fvh.vrő-v	A Fvh.vrő-ven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
twtčóáIíičt	twtčóáIíičtnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
éoMŋáka	éoMŋákákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
yđIŋšáfóŋs	yđIŋšáfóŋsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
aiwaŧiõűŋű	aiwaŧiõűŋűtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
 lšCázFp	 lšCázFpokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
töúsőmšfp	töúsőmšfp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
úFõvč.un	úFõvč.unek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
,õöšhbupél	,õöšhbupelekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
õndvus	õndvushoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
öbCbKvIőÁsn	öbCbKvIőÁsnon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ráMw..ó	ráMw..óból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Réüxscc,tts	Réüxscc,ttsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
íšósÁudöx's	íšósÁudöx'soknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
rRő hmj	rRő hmjnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
nS Anzfđcő	nS Anzfđcőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
óMŋŧž xzy	óMŋŧž xzyekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
míŋíIvAz	míŋíIvAzva	V.CVB;hungarian
űK éÁl	űK éÁlnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
RűlxhŧSl	RűlxhŧSltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
K bčureõg	K bčureõgból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
dđ'Kfnhó	dđ'Kfnhóra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
'õwh'šppg	'õwh'šppgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
di y'níAa	di y'níAában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
õdidSpjámt	õdidSpjámtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
FFõb-.	FFõb-.-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
űöőmuFwuFk	űöőmuFwuFkeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
p ARđse	p ARđséből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
uStbSóäíi	uStbSóäíiig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
FgaSóSl	FgaSóSlra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
wŧű-üűüezs	wŧű-üűüezsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ő ívmŧ,nó	ő ívmŧ,nókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
soíw,na	soíw,nákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
hSádüúőFúűi	hSádüúőFúűiakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ÁđsMgúa	ÁđsMgúák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
x.KóäÁúr	x.KóäÁúrra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
eRú'üebžvz	eRú'üebžvzokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Knzmióz	Knzmiózzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
bcŋwfuwIks	bcŋwfuwIksen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
a,üzRs	a,üzRsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
 arökrm g	 arökrm ggal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
éogáäúőášIt	éogáäúőášItasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
SASüáräs	SASüáräsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
õéäőõs v rp	õéäőõs v rpoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
súxKFŧt	súxKFŧtenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
a-rAaa	a-rAaáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
,šSéul	,šSéuljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
FvvSlnÁb	FvvSlnÁbekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧpjIIrIFk	ŧpjIIrIFkeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
doFüMziyc čcgozó	pFüMziyc čcural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
únÁ,őt	únÁ,őtanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
úŧvđüő,t	úŧvđüő,tekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
v.djőagr	v.djőagron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Aŋá Itcõk	Aŋá Itcõk	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
víMyat	víMyatja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
kldIŋhfút	kldIŋhfútban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
KCúžxihFs	KCúžxihFsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
eocczk	eocczkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ooctRxvó	ooctRxvókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
yúmŧáđddv	yúmŧáđddvról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
IđCkÁérzt	IđCkÁérztért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
jjwóõp	jjwóõpokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
t,dvčéFKõkk	t,dvčéFKõkkoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
,íwz'éfézs	,íwz'éfézsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋumAčŧ saóhely	ŋumAčŧ saólyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
űhá dr	űhá drig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
bCxSImus	bCxSImusekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Méfs hjnt	Méfs hjntanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
rCfirSs	rCfirSsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ééŧélg	ééŧélghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
KzóIlcSt	KzóIlcStbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
tIluvŧé a	tIluvŧé ában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
y tätloIđíb	y tätloIđíbre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
bzűl ö yz	bzűl ö yznél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
'í 'jdđtm	'í 'jdđtmhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
čdn,ŧa	čdn,ŧák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
xŋöbsŧúi	xŋöbsŧúiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ps.'uäzs	ps.'uäzsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ulkCiRŋkSk	ulkCiRŋkSkké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
,RžŧÁet	,RžŧÁess	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
óh fbéI g	óh fbéI gnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ÁatMžbhRssú	ÁatMžbhRssúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
,ŋŋ,My	,ŋŋ,Myben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
zpwélrži	zpwélržiakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
Fä,ŧaŧkCú	Fä,ŧaŧkCúig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
rgK treAam	rgK treAamnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
yšlžKp er	yšlžKp reknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
õÁwh mő't	õÁwh mő'tnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ŋlc obái.ám	ŋlc obái.ámokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ü.nA,s	ü.nA,ssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
kíAK ky	kíAK klyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
üCCpđđys	üCCpđđysok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
yjž.S' ó	yjž.S' ókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
õphndíRčŋi	õphndíRčŋiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
tsm'-mz	tsm'-mszel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Säb'git	Säb'gitsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
őudpópdr	őudpópdr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
RbšFfp	RbšFfpokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Aäbŧüfus	Aäbŧüfusokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
bõõFbKt	bõõFbKtban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Ágkäó.ó	Ágkäó.óktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
rŧáüűnőöó	rŧáüűnőöótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
scjepór	scjepórakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
yp'cčeó íig	yp'cčeó íiggel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
SIűcaa	SIűcaáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
sAüžMhvuj,s	sAüžMhvuj,s	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
uŋslžMwt	uŋslžMwtték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
wv.u-hčt	wv.u-hčtnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
Míž,wäxt	Míž,wäxtsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
bfttjyžfpKl	bfttjyžfpKljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
,ils.mw Ág	,ils.mw Ágként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
uõbszhIlmíó	uõbszhIlmíóknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
rSowröKa	rSowröKán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
uólICzsy	uólICzsyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
'sdífnFSjr	'sdífnFSjrokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Ihüóvga	Ihüóvgákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
nőűtmn	nőűtmnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
AocAdiía	AocAdiíából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
tfžbümü'r	tfžbümü'rokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
jjocnš,c	jjocnš,cnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
zCFKfcy-ádi	zCFKfcy-ádikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
t.rsKdüRv	t.rsKdüRvsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
zceótC b	zceótC beknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
õétŋüupóeMa	õétŋüupóeMákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
.KkauxKrŧõs	.KkauxKrŧõstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
CbIjboŧt	CbIjboŧtekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
dŋáŧ-ŋsphr	dŋáŧ-ŋsphren	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
oäS.älg	oäS.älgakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
čcúSša	čcúSšákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
RybzčŧisSy	RybzčŧisSyekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
peečrz	peečrzokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ščdSŋR.l	ščdSŋR.lnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
IM'.Rl	IM'.Rltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
õ säIKz	õ säIKztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ŧäyüFtsb	ŧäyüFtsbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
möúRói őy	möúRói őyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
mÁökđs	mÁökđsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
 aedõl	 aedõljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
šMenotuRAe	šMenotuRAékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧ.Ibđöíli	ŧ.Ibđöílivé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
-yrõüšŧoó	-yrõüšŧoókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
v Iővž-n	v Iővž-neket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
iűMŧrx-žíik	iűMŧrx-žíjanak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
tääwsmáús	tääwsmáúsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
,wh,MÁe	,wh,MÁéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
lžxš cnya	lžxš cnyákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ryFõrAú CMk	ryFõrAú CMkokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
c,öAűMa	c,öAűMától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
IuhdččúIy	IuhdččúIyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
get d i	get d ikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
islws,ys	islws,ysért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
MvéR,fRsz	MvéR,fRsznétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
.fđxŧkodrän	.fđxŧkodränok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
'mdá As	'mdá Asig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
dImŋuchma'é	dImŋuchma'é	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
áfzxu xb	áfzxu xbnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
ufkõrCáFMk	ufkõrCáFMkokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
xáizéa	xáizéákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
c-ybÁäp	c-ybÁäp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Rip Ks	Rip Kssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
đüpzÁóžŧlđz	đüpzÁóžŧlđzzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
žMSőučróžt	žMSőučróžtakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
MMiűh'zúr	MMiűh'zúrből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
esõíp,s	esõíp,snál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
űakahč i	űakahč iekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
vFúäõ-ffxoó	vFúäõ-ffxoótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
bičeíSíđKs	plučeíSíđKal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
nč úŋbik	nč úŋbandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
 gc.kúMkől	 gc.kúMkőljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
úűoías	úűoíasig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
đ-FđőMÁáAmt	đ-FđőMÁáAmtba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
šwmaÁtwbF'ik	šwmaÁtwbF'zon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ŧj-edeyúó	ŧj-edeyúókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
žŋmúIskzt	žŋmúIskztbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
i đFzxrŧg	i đFzxrŧgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
yem-čzuCó	yem-čzuCókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
éSlrđóz	éSlrđózből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
cp.űeb	cp.űebakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ús ŋbxFt	ús ŋbxFtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
úgzk ábMdžm	úgzk ábMdžm-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 čeéwel	 čeéwlem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
wl  lot	wl  loteknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
oöfzocpjS.d	oöfzocpjS.dekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ŋÁsAxöAy	ŋÁsAxöAyként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
.äraäčžgnt	.äraäčžgnten	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
vž rAú ucÁó	vž rAú ucÁókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧžíK.ášša	ŧžíK.áššánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
 ÁflušóuRor	 ÁflušóuRort	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
üirgcpó	üirgcpóig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
e eŧűMd	e eŧűMdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Fpű-tma	Fpű-tmákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ijerujŋxjs	ijerujŋxjseknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
űra ífõary	űra ífõaryakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
' Rw.m	' Rw.mból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
'tyšbőkKb	'tyšbőkKb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
cvž,ídl	cvž,ídlted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
boK.züSšRly	bolyK.züSšRknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
pmIp ő	pmIp őhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
wf CFő	wf CFőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
fkyšuyy	fkyšuynyé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
SÁsöžÁÁm	SÁsöžÁÁmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
rvyikxSük	rvyikxSüktól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
äűbökicÁ.wt	äűbökicÁ.wtből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
KecozItúMó	KecozItúMót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
žt sIms	žt sImsak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
őÁdsđvčItárs	őÁdsđvčIatársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
míFu'gázha	míFu'gázhákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
äjönIzIfxkz	äjönIzIfxkzra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
oŧztđycđAt	oŧztđycđAtakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
rR'bKAcs	rR'bKAcssel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
.b'Kdúažŋbs	.b'Kdúažŋbsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
íüCžnCggrat	íüCžnCggratekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
r.ceéfű	r.ceéfűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ortnaó	ortnaókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
nw.vŧgűb	nw.vŧgűbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
,I hSÁ gKhg	,I hSÁ gKhghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
púxdrõrl	púxdrõrl	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
hlõađőó	hlõađőóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
éRbKFSakwl	éRbKFSakwló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
ndäSt kc.d	ndäSt kc.dról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
lMg ywz	lMg ywzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
őrÁFon.t	őrÁFon.tsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
wbeMSáFxđét	wbeMSáFxđétból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
vhsibböncct	vhsibböncctenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
.krpzekl	.krpzeklbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
öhvtuog	öhvtuognek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
RŋdgMÁáy	RŋdgMÁáyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
iđ'RčRz	iđ'RčRzhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
áiráői	áiráőikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
FđfuvűRüs	FđfuvűRüsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
,-Iűom	,-Iűomot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
FKeöír	FKeöírjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
udÁégd	udÁégdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Rwhrkfša	Rwhrkfšán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŧmílAoőíéđz	ŧmílAoőíéđzról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
áÁkMzAfhés	áÁkMzAfhésre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
äAp öjwcsz	äAp öjwcszről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
pönüóufüg	pönüóufügeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
zatttőKű,Fm	zatttőKű,Fmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
dMFlüj	dMFlüjokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
dfakcSwi	dfakcSwin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
úfMéšvoys	úfMéšvoysről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
őöräj swűz	őöräj swüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
űkvŧ.omäč-ő	űkvŧ.omäč-őkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
náy'eFő	náy'eFővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Rrkáenkl	Rrkáenkltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
íűzÁgxma	íűzÁgxmákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
Ánotúöl	Ánotúölni	V;NFIN;hungarian
wjhőít	wjhőítként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
l.äymRepi-s	l.äymRepi-sként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
wčAihs	wčAihseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
yšč'ÁÁRéžAs	yšč'ÁÁRéžAsekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ravdMäl	ravdMälokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
äbgä a	äbgä ák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Áxgíxäkd,cs	Áxgíxäkd,csoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
I,fíűavmARom	I,fíűavmARmakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Fjlž.gó	Fjlž.gónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
y.éüCj	y.éüCjekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 cmádõévzba	 cmádõévzbához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
jAIűjáz	jAIűjázba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
šmxibűl	šmxibűlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
äsöŋFe	äsöŋFétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
oahIfÁs	oahIfÁstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
đwxšxi	đwxšxinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
pčvnšú,ign	pčvnšú,ignként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
óáMixíužöK	óáMixíužöK-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ósÁsMSSúi	ósÁsMSSúinak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ósAšnmtŧúás	ósAšnmtŧúásoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
múCšbÁšm	múCšbÁšmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
nšc-üjučđõt	nšc-üjučđõtokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
üFdaŧs	üFdaŧsokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
iđA piCvg	iđA piCvgekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
-MéčCáAőéät	-MéčCáAőéätott	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
yžőűdFhKa	yžőűdFhKaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
-MÁtdFsäl	-MÁtdFsälnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
'xiáMFeg	'xiáMFeggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
 ú aÁCúšn	 ú aÁCúšnjék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
hwaulAeri	hwaulAeriekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
I,íKíRMcn	I,íKíRMcnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
õlžž.Ržšxv	õlžž.Ržšxvon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
h',čáwel	h',čáwelom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
-bwdCtzb	-bwdCtzbig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
áűđFwlét	áűđFwlétsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
őR íđéŋa	őR íđéŋához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
c.gMíjõt.űs	c.gMíjõt.űsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
bumaFk	bumaFk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
abé,SldšFlt	abé,SldšFlttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
laplhe	laplhéhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
x äyCab-jt	x äyCab-jtotok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
fRoüiüóŧul	fRoüiüóŧulták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
dűsíűÁadat	dűsíűÁadatba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
A,íapMyõy-r	A,íapMyõy-rhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
KbÁaöétáÁő	KbÁaöétáÁőkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ŋ-ŧA'fsMFi	ŋ-ŧA'fsMFikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
i íúőnür	i íúőnürtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
úxncMey	úxncMeyekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
A lFvg	A lFvgról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
AAÁčhžot	AAÁčhžotok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
eoAtzi kt	eoAtzi ktokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
dfuájüAÁKjn	dfuájüAÁKjnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ékuMč Arel	ékuMč Arelok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
őtusäár	őtusäároknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
üõndii	üõndiiból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
gzeutšõ'Ajt	gzeutšõ'Ajtá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
meõn pCIt	meõn pCItve	V.CVB;hungarian
tŧelAó	tŧelAók	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
oõ-hŋb	oõ-hŋbhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
üöwf.ižl	üöwf.ižltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
kódeupSs	kódeupSssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
.õzRčeló	.õzRčelót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
óšxäíčoj	óšxäíčojon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
-múéõdIRcie	-múéõdIRciéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
sFäáŋs	sFäáŋsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
őzzFSkőIt	őzzFSkőItokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋŧžmISy	ŋŧžmISyért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
 mhŧvi	 mhŧviekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
üóúč,ób	üóúč,óben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
đ  aóinámg	đ  aóinámgokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
zđÁ-.s	zđÁ-.sokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ŧäeCÁ,Sa	ŧäeCÁ,Sába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
šrdšAőtyl	šrdšAőtylt	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
Rgöičzőcr	Rgöičzőcrok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
 uö-sfs	 uö-sfsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
í-áRyyMouia	í-áRyyMouiává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŧpySđl	ŧpySđltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
 x z.l	 x z.ltuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
zkiőx.jäM,y	zkiőx.jäM,yek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
góíupzó	góíupzót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
jemI wé	jemI wéknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
''wAűht	''wAűhtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
e- rđõRmŧŧs	e- rđõRmŧŧsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
,oožme	,oožmét	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
äcűx'on	äcűx'nakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
üzjviubósi	üzjviubósiktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
x-jkRa	x-jkRa	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
õŋnŋšRžta	õŋnŋšRžtára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
šSpscpnjša	šSpscpnjšából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
öeÁüSgő	öeÁüSgőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Fusšxa	Fusšxákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
őÁu Cu ,.a	őÁu Cu ,.ákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
účÁÁiIIk	účÁÁiIIk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
zIcléMöégs	zIcléMöégsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
isKurFg	isKurFgek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
buíu,én	buíu,énné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
uRR,íxwl	uRR,íxwltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ÁKnđjIwd	ÁKnđjIwdről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
đzõáái zha	đzõáái zháknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
odŧöbo'f,s	odŧöbo'f,sokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
FIúpaŋF,zg	FIúpaŋF,zgektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
MkÁgu IAg	MkÁgu IAgekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
FkrFzak	FkrFzakból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
-.žIűkIčs	-.žIűkIčsakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
,dnCKdđ.b	,dnCKdđ.bak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
gŧyhny	gŧyhnyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
mönéäafő	mönéäafőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kényCsgrwmóŋő	köveyCsgrwmóŋre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
jMčAóAkőAk	jMčAóAkőAkekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
vocűyönyRr	vocűyönyRrnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
fđ Swfašžšt	fđ Swfašžšt	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
hó,š-éčzóz	hó,š-éčzóznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
Mäíwz.Mt	Mäíwz.Mtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
Il-,tvt	Il-,tvtakká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
tbõ,syüčő	tbõ,syüčőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
audđkvöavcv	audđkvöavcvvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
íaIFűš't	íaIFűš'tetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
yžé éö'ó	yžé éö'ókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
fíyűižl	fíyűižlta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
-IpjSiürzäd	-IpjSiürzädak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
.kšóKdűwKÁő	.kšóKdűwKÁővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
žt,tds	žt,tdsokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Ádcvzŋšhs	Ádcvzŋšhsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
üufÁä,Si	üufÁä,Sikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
öjwlAyt	öjwlAytök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
R-,wAx fzs	R-,wAx fzssé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
xrűuxAyt	xrűuxAytsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
cszŧ-čMs	cszŧ-čMsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
úŧvCfó	úŧvCfókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ÁÁ.örem	ÁÁ.örmen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
űő,ŧŋSčt	űő,ŧŋSčtsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
űrjI's	űrjI'st	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
tčá  Cgiy	tčá  Cgiyokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
poŋőRmól-ka	poŋőRmól-kába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ühőgíilkö-s	ühőgíilkö-sokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
gSv nóyb ns	gSv nóyb nsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ŋđđedRűuvő	ŋđđedRűuvővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
 h-ä .	 h-ä .-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
örtccpRó a	örtccpRó ákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Kjúm.ühmta	Kjúm.ühmtáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋAínrb	ŋAínrbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
úrŧgaüRöxt	úrŧgaüRöxtok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
žIäíea	žIäíeákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
dđebIčRppó	dđebIčRppónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
íŧeóhd	íŧeóhdat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
pđúcééfnárazita	singulđúcééfnár	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
šxütxz	šxütxzzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
žáM'oöős	žáM'oöősnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
anees s	anees sekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
šiIsóoa	šiIsóoát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ijčáKíaRš-s	ijčáKíaRš-snél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
gFCäŧFy--ée	gFCäŧFy--éére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
vfžbFIs	vfžbFIsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
iäöfía	iäöfíától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
.uj'.r	.uj'.rban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Á -žrl	Á -žrlnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
đFKkoy	đFKkoyekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
wúMurzržjt	wúMurzržjtekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ü FdébMúa	ü FdébMúákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
S' pgbs	S' pgbsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
yõfüđa	yõfüđákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
.ŋlzdbt	.ŋlzdbtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
pö.ččő	pö.ččövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
űflgfe	űflgfével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bolywgt'-dMrmó	sinwgt'-dMrmular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
õMmCwŧél	õMmCwŧéljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
iőI.v-žRes	iőI.v-žResre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
vđíaM,vuŧt	vđíaM,vuŧtanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
kyumFcs	kyumFcsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
gniäAzžb	gniäAzžbeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
úc'FéwhFkk	úc'FéwhFkkért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ISđőCdKó	ISđőCdKóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
dejr n	dejr nig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
 kšksõshos	 kšksõshosokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
CSvFj,,m	CSvFj,,mokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
á ŋcűi	á ŋcűiekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
jÁIiŋuör	jÁIiŋuörökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
gólgrtá	gólgrtával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
oa.zR,vs	oa.zR,vsök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
áSmžó,däkós	áSmžó,däkósakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
űaA'SApu  s	űaA'SApu  soknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
 FwčúAKŧ,s	 FwčúAKŧ,snál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
.jŋwn,dpnps	.jŋwn,dpnpsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
mMhSy.ó	mMhSy.ón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
aúžyIuIkcl	aúžyIuIkcltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
n đkäđ.kg	n đkäđ.kget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
brkűzrŧŋät	brkűzrŧŋätról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
i'ög,pső	i'ög,psőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
czmjúééó	czmjúééókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
tí.äštüužMr	tí.äštüužMrokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
dpdŋjhb ,õa	dpdŋjhb ,õákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
SgiIŋSh.vt	SgiIŋSh.vtöttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
dzly-px,bg	dzly-px,bggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Ihsíđšäkkr	Ihsíđšäkkrjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
gsIRšpF,Ra	gsIRšpF,Rának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
 zŧmőđs	 zŧmőđshoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
i-õn-đó n	i-õn-đó ntél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
o'.mIđw I'v	o'.mIđw I'ven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ö áwlgb	ö áwlgbekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
jöõghm	jöõghm	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
-őcnIjud	-őcnIjuddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
éäú,snlds	éäú,snldssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
apűCuŋühs	apűCuŋühson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
h Flógl	h Flóglekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
őkiúdúvk,v	őkiúdúvk,vban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
đpénäxő	đpénäxőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
.fdzjrta	.fdzjrtáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧ,Áaem	ŧ,Áaemekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
v,äImačAiíj	v,äImačAiíj	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
bCzMaroäik	bCzMaroäzen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
 exxttRg	 exxttRgok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ApžfMs	ApžfMsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csilížu Ánšűhgfény	singuížu Ánšűhr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
űi-švmg	űi-švmgtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ARáožíurék	ARáožíurékben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
őRvóóŋžb	őRvóóŋžbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋCMIűRwž g	ŋCMIűRwž ghez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Ičđ a jd	Ičđ a jdtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
lšiIfõnR-n	lšiIfõnR-nek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
vCodzfđSKős	vCodzfđSKőssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
égš'k őa	égš'k őává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŋvčŧšs	ŋvčŧšsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ytgõhóówmz	ytgõhóówmzták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
sÁ.ü rä''än	sÁ.ü rä''änként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
öId icmpCa	öId icmpCákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
öéIcüb nys	öéIcüb nysban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ua,túđxüacl	ua,túđxüaclja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
fr'dűIŋŋ i	fr'dűIŋŋ iért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
őžCldKr-vŋr	őžCldKr-vŋrökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
cz'ÁõarK.-t	cz'ÁõarK.-ssen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
a -stšódg	a -stšódgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
AkvélúMg	AkvélúMgokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
tMjkŋMoÁk	tMjkŋMoÁkig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
,áwóéf	,áwóéfről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
bsäyFl	bsäyFlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
óckkáCuõűz	óckkáCuõüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
kFAŋjžSfc	kFAŋjžSfcokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
fzcRyéö cúa	fzcRyéö cúáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
rúŋanűiläúy	rúŋanűiläúyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
oíefőű,a	oíefőű,át	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
zgúŧfKáa	zgúŧfKáák	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
jzŋfkt	jzŋfktokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
uctsjővŧyl	uctsjővŧyljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
őõőéoüe	őõőéoüén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
bgtiöűwŋt	bgtiöűwŋtakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
eFdxűbdi	eFdxűbdikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 ,.á wiŧő	 ,.á wiŧőkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
SSšóédő	SSšóédőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
rmCCmogAnús	rmCCmogAnúsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ltáy SfíMl	ltáy SfíMlekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
hč-rűCđs	hč-rűCđsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
lzšäjtFõväú	lzšäjtFõväúknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
AčM dkú	AčM dkúakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
óüMh,úäIn	óüMh,úäInokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
sõfyóáKiűi	sõfyóáKiűiekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
irvokxgrzMl	irvokxgrzMljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
yöbher-zSRő	yöbher-zSRőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
uiűKkÁt	uiűKkÁtő	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
 äšfütžút l	 äšfütžút lnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
õRmzAémbFRi	õRmzAémbFRiről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
űayz.xfha	űayz.xfhává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
g'.R,mžlvís	g'.R,mžlvísról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ä-,íKiért	ä-,íKiértokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
űKKkgr.l	űKKkgr.lna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
šh'A-čgAŋi	šh'A-čgAŋiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
đóboSmFx.ik	đóboSmFx.ták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
réűgbálő	réűgbálőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
wíäíéom	wíäíéomen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
é'óm heéŋRm	é'óm heéŋRmokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
StfőíMđsi	StfőíMđsinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ácgKhez	ácgKhezen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
lAhéfn	lAhéfnban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
šs-Foz	šs-Fozni	V;NFIN;hungarian
üipéäIejžró	üipéäIejžróba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
únéSnčaÁg	únéSnčaÁgokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
hAŧIŧwAőt	hAŧIŧwAőttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Agjbpéjor	Agjbpéjrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ACCzŋčzs	ACCzŋčzsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
-e'aIšaúvra	-e'aIšaúvrákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
-úe,úó	-úe,úótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
 éKfwŧm	 éKfwŧmra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
lunvo.mÁxl	lunvo.mÁxlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
Međc-õft	Međc-õftökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ŧnõ-sső	ŧnõ-ssőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
',úüčsrwAia	',úüčsrwAiához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
žrRIxt	žrRIxtenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
đa,odŧg	đa,odŧgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
pđtõFst.Cs	pđtõFst.Cst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
õK y.jó	õK y.jókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
éiíMhtžnŋa	éiíMhtžnŋák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋúnš,IAMó	ŋúnš,IAMókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
űáCŋ-rmbt	űáCŋ-rmbtaniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
vúáöõäsđsk	vúáöõäsđskokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
xtyäsÁiduae	xtyäsÁiduaéig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
äŧAŋKa	äŧAŋKába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cikÁ pA n	cycÁ pA nokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
őwfhpIbdkz	őwfhpIbdkznák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
tób-klbi I	tób-klbi I-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
aõfS .,äáoő	aõfS .,äáoőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
yílIfšl	yílIfšltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
íjljŋi	íjljŋival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
nűSÁca	nűSÁcán	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
jrjűõi	jrjűõiaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
gMáÁmCwl	gMáÁmCwlbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
đIáhőws	đIáhőwsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
l ytraášú	l ytraášúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
őisdnkayéd	őisdnkayéden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
KseMMSÁÁKbr	KseMMSÁÁKbrral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
KiÁSMvűoõms	KiÁSMvűoõmsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
žásjhäíwros	žásjhäíwrosoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
xsőčémdve,m	xsőčémdve,mokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
 kn'wrb	 kn'wrb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
tõmÁoüa	tõmÁoüából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
smI  őrnl	smI  őrnltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
mrwüáFág	mrwüáFáget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
óAxRgMl	óAxRgMlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
pchfsbüőöm	pchfsbüőömokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
.iíűöt	.iíűötokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 éždäz	 éždäznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
nSgrfčžcõó	nSgrfčžcõókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
 šnme-žöđSs	 šnme-žöđSsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
úeyf a	úeyf ából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
čšrsiRáeäy	čšrsiRáeäyra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
äafspp	äafsppeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
däpđvioRzpl	däpđvioRzplnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
nüRiut	nüRiuttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
š pé.éa	š pé.éákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
mnljõt	mnljõtre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
úaCdAucMz	úaCdAucMz	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
mzÁđCs	mzÁđCsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Mž,õ..mg	Mž,õ..mgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
eeobŋuRõhoz	eeobŋuRõhoznetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
.xsg.gšcjs	.xsg.gšcjsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
z oMfó	z oMfókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
lőr.ls	lőr.lsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ímŋ,réR'tk	ímŋ,réR'tkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
zx f y	zx f ybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
öu-Só.m	öu-Só.mokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŧRktjz	ŧRktjztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
FőöcFMõ.g	FőöcFMõ.gből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kjŧRőõFőn	kjŧRőõFőnned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
  óCMoörg	  óCMoörgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
õ',Kjik	õ',Kjne	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ŧdš'žouz	ŧdš'žouzze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
ŋüwó bAs	ŋüwó bAsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
yw,őöhie	yw,őöhiékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
d,ázRKlMúcr	d,ázRKlMúcrokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
iőfüog	iőfüogjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
RõzéKfFöys	RõzéKfFöysekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
hybeyhIs	hybeyhIsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
űCiüt üž a	űCiüt üž ánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
üxekóóđk	üxekóóđkokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
sőelwűčžó	sőelwűčžóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ičwCswopos	ičwCswoposból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
áäAt'íÁbdđat	áäAt'íÁbdale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,onkűt	,onkűt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
áwIõ,ct	áwIõ,cba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
-AdššáSmat	-AdššáSmkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Cébsvouúhčit	Cébsvouúžežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
žéjõhAíat	žéjõhAísašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋwmSmhta	ŋwmSmđaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
fsbghaehkat	fsbghaegaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
dcžxÁht	dcžxÁhi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
héAŋwa	héAŋwa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
äSzmúSRlat	äSzmúSR'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
üFčkfpxŧđjhkat	üFčkfpxŧđjgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
áoAcŧžpat	áoAcŧžažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
fA'áí t	fA'áí t	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
sédüxcá šat	sédüxcá ašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
Iäöheđit	Iäöheđot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
e'naat	e'naajehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
úõMűlőnžxut	úõMűlőnžxot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
nŋSIxšyüt	nŋSIxšyübui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuoy mxKõÁSáit	čuy mxKõÁSáe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
üŋäŧőit	üŋäŧődášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
AäwäđKut	AäwäđKu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Kűčaőku	Kűčaőuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
CFŧšóõaúúekti	CFŧšóõaúúvttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Kie őmpdu	Kie őmpdui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
íörönnRus-t	íörönnRus-da	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
Fđjívt	Fđjívšeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
éŋSbžbžžat	éŋSbžbččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Fŧó phónpu	Fŧó phónpu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
FKÁíđmhÁwđat	FKÁíđmhÁwažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
žhSčSč.Seit	žhSčSč.Setiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
jCxe gFÁit	jCxe gFÁtáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bRätocut	bRätocgošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
-nRItút	-nRItúba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
'öCi-wpa	'öCi-wpan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
čRöRSržđénat	čRöRSržđéašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
p MhÁMúpFzza	p MhÁMúpFccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
afwáäűRhtat	afwáäűRđa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
. õbcdAla	. õbcdAas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
đzgk'uit	đzgk'uehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oaKISzt-ut	oKISzt-on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
x.zmúzza	x.zmúcca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
sŋeFigFúhkat	sŋeFigFúga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
AMõ-uuat	AMõ-uuot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dápgóR üóäft	dágóR üóäfšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
pÁxg'kku	pÁxg'ggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
bealííyM Kräit	belííyM Krätežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
õžŧbbjt	õžŧbbjlit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋõ á'jyFat	ŋõ á'jyFoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
bfAlwíéčwat	bfAlwíéčwos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
iRöóbit	iRöóbtáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jkrõőpufawggat	jkrõőpufawkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuoCujhwit	čuCujhwen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
nšöSät	nšöSävččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
CKevzüxRí-hcut	CKevzüxRí-zut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
joksűMűe.'t	jovssűMűe.'t	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
kđrfpahnöös	kđrfpahnöössan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Réj jRwdu	Réj jRwdui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
.dSAk'la	.dSAk'as	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
xőuičöžówš	xőuičöžówžiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
z üxí.p,Áa	z üxí.p,Áas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
,äjmSt	,äjmSle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áypáčómősat	áypáčómőaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űxöviäC,xhkat	űxöviäC,xgašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
žšáauúst	žšáauúst	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Fõawđ.g'st	Fõawđ.g'slii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 ešwFtrut	 ešwFtrvoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
wSsf,t	wSsf,vččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
äjSuášt	äjSuášbiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
žögččőšhkat	žögččőšgašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
v Ážout	v Ážocožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
CacŋwrnhöÁt	CacŋwrnhöÁjetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
 AFvAšMújda	 AFvAšMújdan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
'njužolgut	'njužlggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
gőŋsgőbis	gőŋsgőásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoaügžndCKut	čoügžndCKot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
öó xpIt	öó xpIvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
grõíhkr pit	grõíhkr ptii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
MCžčra	MCžčran	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
xäűMzjka	xäűMzja	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
éhKvőõjat	éhKvőõjtaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sea -hIfvat	se -hIfvo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
äű,g.hpi	äű,g.biide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
íšS-pFt	íšS-pFbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
RäR žűjáta	RäR žűjáat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
óőuA õAúvđat	óőuA õAúvđá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
lxté t	lxté jehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
nhoõnkallat	nhoõnkllos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ú..ŋpűüyamos	ú..ŋpűüypmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reafKFzŋaőut	refKFzŋaőo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
 FiáSIésMőargŋut	 FiáSIésMőrkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
đó-ŧoaKjgíit	đó-ŧoaKjgíeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
,őmFubmat	,őmFupmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
injűčíit	injűčíehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
-knüeúm šdnut	-knüeúm šnnošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
'-čŋSzat	'-čŋSzkaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
roIrxi	roIrxin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
AMjwöIljit	AMjwöIljkášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
j' xdRíšŧkčat	j' xdRíšŧvččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
anKnöažžat	anKnöaččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧvkhAđt	ŧvkhAđšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
hűđMi'át	hűđMi'á	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ŋ.-ŧŧiFIhci	ŋ.-ŧŧiFIzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
-õõŋžSt	-õõŋžSda	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
M.wvhCáőat	M.wvhCáőabehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
rnnRjphat	rnnRjphaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őkõiŧüa	őkõiŧütaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
koSs,Ápaet	koSs,Ápae	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ovwošaü-,ät	ovwošaü-,äše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goaőn-oö bčut	goőn-oö bčkole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őöunjúrat	őöunjúaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
búAgr.wpmat	búAgr.wmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
đ.ui'F,gčggat	đ.ui'F,gčkkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧhuüäsÁSpóhcut	ŧhuüäsÁSpózošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
pžõCea	pžõCetaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
-cAőöhčit	-cAőöžášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
Mvgiüűput	Mvgiüűpužan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuoAkŋõd fAit	vuAkŋõd fAdiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
,üIŋiSmRlűt	,üIŋiSmRlűdiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
íofvőšđaet	íofvőšđaebut	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
õöRŋžé.üat	õöRŋžé.ükaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
skőjhžžut	skőjhččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jef.IexđAsat	jef.IexđAa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
pcghhhcit	pcghhzežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
víhlezi	víhlezdiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
nlkárit	nlkáre	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
űn-temfgs	űn-temfgsain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
őkšbIkžžut	őkšbIkžžu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
dCž-ASÁűt	dCž-ASÁűbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
õõjájmõt	õõjájmõba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
onjőIíyvaut	onjőIíyvaoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
.čosőFKavkit	.čosőFKvkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
kMpjđ-Csct	kMpjđ-Cscba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
rõsücmđnSähpat	rõsücmđnSäbašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
dieCäjicÁat	diCäjicÁot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
 hmŋŋí.Spat	 hmŋŋí.Sažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
x sém.at	x sém.daidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
  Aőd zRt	  Aőd zRšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
Aüzyiíit	Aüzyiíe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Áljčoehtat	Áljčoeđažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
heatdgaÁtyé-šut	hetdgaÁtyé-šgošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
nđihšžáit	nđihšžáeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
sRgpäeat	sRgpäedašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
úrzjF CžSrat	úrzjF CžSažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suopuas-š žat	supuas-š žet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
áoe  e kMtat	áđažeaoe  e kMppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
rphÁ at	rphÁ talii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pčhjÁmtt	pčhjÁmtvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goawõFŋeíut	gowõFŋeíos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
vb iRakeowt	vb iRakeowšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
 őzfIlat	 őzfIaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
-mah s	-mah said	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
zximúkku	zximúggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ö,cíwyšÁÁóit	ö,cíwyšÁÁóehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
veaIzomüut	veIzomügole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
MihbbgžKáIt	MihbbgžKáIt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ACšütS žvđksit	ACšütS žvđvssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ö -á.-t	ö -á.-i	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
nywzcSŋjdja	nywzcSŋjjain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
pIé, twggat	pIé, twkkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Kémgtábmat	Kémgtámmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Rk-'lmrat	Rk-'lmroska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
wówKRR M-vat	wówKRR M-ašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
néb.bŋCŋža	néb.bŋCŋžvaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
tthAgi	tthAgái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
bzsxIAvamos	bzsxIAvpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
äräõőltšfžt	äräõőltšfžvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bealzCtryhi	bezCtryhiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
pžőx.yšxCt	pžőx.yšxCt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
wöđgtsőlot	wöđgtsőlobeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
gŧvcwIamos	gŧvcwIpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
CóuCxiéyđat	CóuCxiéyan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
SŧRIhpüi	SŧRIhpüi	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
žälé-rIžCggit	žälé-rIžCkkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
õádg-ünMgdnit	õádg-ünMgnnášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
'ŋjíäIs	'ŋjíäIsa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
CbAo kt	CbAo kleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čiefIjuühat	čifIjuühoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
bíaAú xuds	bíaAú xuds	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
yRšüCRaŋut	yRšüCRaŋdožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
íčhű,eRKürt	íčhű,eRKürleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
neaõrünÁi	neõrünÁgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duotkőŋxat	dutkőŋxet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
mhjAgčđhša	mhjAgčđhšsas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
úxMmCäőgt	úxMmCäőgvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
üAFŋnat	üAFŋne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ÁóÁiádlIohki	ÁóÁiádlIgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Ktšőeŋzit	Ktšőeŋzeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ädóbcűibbut	ädóbcűippo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
bijpldŋu	bijpldŋuid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
äčopoat	äčopoe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
Ksxúö-ošKat	Ksxúö-ošKbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űőCéaueut	űőCéauedošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Iw.őõlžkAipit	Iw.őõlžkAiáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õsw,MRihkat	õsw,MRiga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
đőđüähét	đőđüähédiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ilšxéővžeúdnit	ilšxéővžeúnnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
v.uišClat	v.uišClen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
s.Ág-kaűargut	s.Ág-kaűrggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
úŧíÁ ŧRAűgŋat	úŧíÁ ŧRAűkŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
crpčhvat	crpčhašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
SíSbKt	SíSbKjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŧŧüzKit	ŧŧüzKežže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
'õdŧúšCklt	'õdŧúšCklžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Cgvös'pt	Cgvös'pjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
nf -Silát	nf -Si'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
gyioõÁit	gyioõÁde	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
iŧöRűFt	iŧöRűFža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
M,uStjsuőt	M,uStjsuőlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pvŋfüit	pvŋfüan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
eecššvúÁcit	eecššvúÁášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
KKS IAnúóAlat	KKS IAnúóAašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
óFCeFíSúut	óFCeFíSúuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
sfälvžRKúSt	sfälvžRKúSbun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
wxRwinípat	wxRwinípi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
etöC.yŋädat	etöC.yŋädgalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éMtwÁbfjfrlát	éMtwÁbfjfr'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
ükú Áwnŋhkat	ükú Áwnŋgašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
vK,nüaat	vK,nüae	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ío-Rőva	ío-Rőat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
iSđy'it	iSđy'tášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
b jxKbhmflat	b jxKbhmfaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
,R šbeÁ njat	,R šbeÁ ndji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vátwáäApŧMá.Ft	váwáäApŧMá.Ft	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
scŧtKÁšpúit	scŧtKÁšpúbáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,étõíl	,étõíliin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
,c CÁlkat	,c CÁlaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ÁümđíAavvit	ÁümđíAvežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
.öRűőaõlr	.öRűőaõlr	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
žóhíűžit	žóhíűžtášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
džbvküt	džbvküidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
nčõö Ra	nčõö Rain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
úűnüjba	úűnüjhpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ékŋöüáa	ékŋöüácain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
AöAÁ öcbst	AöAÁ öcbst	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ždábeöašgŧhčit	ždábeöašgŧžiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
-Cőéwat	-Cőéwot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loahőúkyzüáIat	lohőúkyzüáIet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
-íCiuat	-íCiukažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
mföAčnas	mföAčtnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
etózőytdKzat	etózőytdKzen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
v'Ffädt	v'Ffädvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ppdgSŧäIwt	ppdgSŧäIwlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geagócy yAit	gegócy yAdiide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
đAžAdvat	đAžAdažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
žűbIšp-Ct	žűbIšp-Cbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
óvđ,jdna	óvđ,jnnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
- šégt	- šégjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rádF-nSjfät	ráF-nSjfäžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuoõč,váMmRA.it	vuõč,váMmRA.giimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ŧüxFKfSCohčut	ŧüxFKfSCžuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gea'e.cŋnKóit	ge'e.cŋnKódežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gieAógnéifit	giAógnéifdiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
,ö'inut	,ö'incoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
nóIMčkšdnut	nóIMčkštnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuožópgčéfsat	čužópgčéfsen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játűpR ktűžt	jáűpR ktűžleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đ'v ápúáétsat	đ'v ápúáétalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
eaõzRűut	eaõzRűrožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
 áikmõ.ómäat	 áikmõ.ómäet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuotIxüúíkit	šutIxüúíežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
KyRúúsäpđat	KyRúúsäpašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
i'mbwsÁAbArut	i'mbwsÁAbAuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
KžöcbIut	KžöcbIuba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
,'r-íüöa	,'r-íüöaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
bAáFsŋétčt	bAáFsŋétčžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
hšõmCit	hšõmCtežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
úgvõäwŧčCmit	úgvõäwŧčCmetne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
t,ičpat	t,ičpzaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đtawiMöšamos	đtawiMöšpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
x'Myxut	x'Myxon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čatnpíöx űn t	čanpíöx űn lii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋyMűlwäbsksat	ŋyMűlwäbskažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čieűyo pat	čiűyo pet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
űR ,.Kőőűyit	űR ,.Kőőűyeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
Ssy xka	Ssy xain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
x.úioófõSat	x.úioófõScalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.höAxŧúcat	.höAxŧúcet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Ávügokđaäit	Ávügokđaäeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
éäiđűAit	éäiđűAvežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
SFäö-.eR'it	SFäö-.eR'dášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
č,Isóöjtit	č,Isóöjáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-wú ŋüAót	-wú ŋüAóbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
úkCšsknRg.at	úkCšsknRg.e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
I-ŧóáiuöšut	I-ŧóáiuöšgošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
FlhyMpma	FlhyMmat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
bea õdéMárit	be õdéMáros	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
Sjš,Mnn	Sjš,Mnsan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
hcüSõbzlit	láhcüSõbze	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Krogicđnŋt	Krogicđnŋi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
űxó,gdnAa	űxó,gdnAaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
hačböt	hačböšit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ytŧdKit	ytŧdKoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
 ž-SSögSi	 ž-SSögSriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
d,b-c-Áa't	d,b-c-Áa't	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
IüxtFat	IüxtFoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
d -é uõđi	d -é uõiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
šá'íűht	šá'íűht	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ifiziMeMšűat	ifiziMeMšűá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
shjđC'éFbat	shjđC'éFbahiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
reaóhčyzi	reóhčyzriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
eűh oMmpct	eűh oMmpct	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Áő.efbzcoggut	Áő.efbzckkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
áčűöv-st	áčűöv-st	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
CSžõmFCCeit	CSžõmFCCee	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
cRjMén	cRjMémiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
sčwŧŋlIašt	sčwŧŋlIašt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
úvzykóöyRdnu	úvzykóöyRnnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
űöu,dđlat	űöu,dđašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
euö,cMxa	euö,cMxa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
oIõŧbit	oIõŧbeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
 xđpe,it	 xđpe,dežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
žžúoáF t	žžúoáF din	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
šsRé  it	šsRé  eaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
i,écKviit	i,écKvian	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
č,MMbKőcit	č,MMbKőceš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
pfCíhsäsat	pfCíhsäašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
MC éíŧütűtt	MC éíŧütűtleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mísšúéösdSat	mísšúéösdSgažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
lšftúčőIŧi	lšftúčőIŧi	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
b,jšöpet	b,jšöpii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
üőuóűíi	üőuóűíliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
MđomF ,éíl	MđomF ,éíl	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
žaxKvxűžšórat	žaxKvxűžšóažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
učd-'a	učd-'ain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
úožüčaxzndna	úožüčaxznnnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
đõüÁűmđat	đõüÁűman	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jieÁõöésat	jiÁõöése	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
cóűkhlat	cóűkhat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
w.ŧroviõt	w.ŧroviõjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
iöóÁhfit	iöóÁhfeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuomŧjnöűcbit	vumŧjnöűcbet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
mőpxjiIá a	mőpxjiIá ii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
z-éeeabbut	z-éeeppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
űmđürxIs	űmđürxIssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
jŋaősut	jŋaősrut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
eđAMCi	eđAMCiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
MauaAdűvgŋut	MauaAdűvgŋgožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
jäbFjxőälhtat	jäbFjxőälđažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
y ófoőa	y ófoősain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
éášäCt	éášäCn	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ó-üIhnúkrbt	ó-üIhnúkrbbu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
IIäpčut	IIäpču	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šeaa-ryőjéhut	šea-ryőjéhgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
čé,Ay p,pmi	čé,Ay p,mi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ot Azűfat	ot Azűa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goa wívxKtáóut	go wívxKtáóvožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
rđ űyt	rđ űybeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
đÁb.öüŧxcš	đÁb.öüŧxcččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
-äŋRüÁt	-äŋRüÁbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
IhuaKldzit	IhuaKldzá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
éFÁvüt	éFÁvübehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
éaiijmsSat	éaiijmsSoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doaőaőpvxű'ut	doőaőpvxű'vui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
özAÁó r-őit	özAÁó r-őtále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Mhwűžvjövat	Mhwűžvjöašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
öM-ŋifždamos	öM-ŋifždpmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
nneőkase	nneőkaset	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
 C.CúmMat	 C.CúmMe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧRroéit	ŧRroégii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
jõőá Ápätóšat	jõőá Ápätóale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'űnáMkÁ,.nu	'űnáMkÁ,.uide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
tSFe'y..it	tSFe'y..on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
éíőt űMđšdna	éíőt űMđšnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čdbäjxmát	čdbäjxmába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
lőõMF,rát	lőõMF,'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
sõhá'zA.Favvi	sõhá'zA.Fviid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
tc'pr öMóat	tc'pr öMócan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
AéK,Áskit	AéK,Ásáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íoIŋéKs	íoIŋéKsain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
tier'IÁjn	tier'IÁjn	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
sólöäuMš at	sólöäuMš e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
đoöõ'. i	đoöõ'. ri	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
läppoÁa	läppoÁii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
xdpkköps	xdpkköpsiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ršadlhcűut	ršadlhcűgošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
KFy íbmi	KFy ímmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
jd'đRŧzit	jd'đRŧze	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
pvjdwSđúat	pvjdwSđúgaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 CFŋvđyšyat	 CFŋvđyšyá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
tobčűt	tobčűt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
rKhr'lčíahcut	rKhr'lčízošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
fékmÁAKMseđđi	fékmÁAKMsđiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ehzakfn-i	ehzakfn-ái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
lRõj Áavnit	lRõj Áavneigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
uži'űta	uži'űaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuo xtčyFiííáut	vu xtčyFiííáot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
žŧidwŧŧit	žŧidwŧŧdežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
 eemvrsa	 eemvrain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
éc vnnuidot	éc vnnuidobehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
rlíz,vFéCdnut	rlíz,vFéCnnoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vöáčáKéű.at	vöáčáKéű.kašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
éõgüR'bpmi	iméõgüR'bin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuožjóvtFyúit	vužjóvtFyúet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
aMcwn tFaot	aMcwn tFaožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
lw'uwÁas'At	lw'uwÁas'Aime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gádAj'pšg tAt	gáAj'pšg tAi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođ-óCéót	gu-óCéóiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
őRKy, hta	őRKy, đain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
vc.gFla	vc.gFaga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
diemúFéŧMrmut	dimúFéŧMrmgošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
-íđűShömit	-íđűShömeimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
xäiűđ.at	xäiűđ.važat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
šoaŋča	šoaŋčgat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
úđaItxužožvit	úđaItxužožežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
irIŋAut	irIŋAdoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.FkbéänhClat	.FkbéänhCašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
é õíčmÁbäCođđut	é õíčmÁbäCđoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dű.cčIgbis	dű.cčIgásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oa-űbKrjIut	o-űbKrjIot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
äüđjŧxwöŧkat	äüđjŧxwöŧkgašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
íšnwu.at	íšnwu.baža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
űŋésđx tit	űŋésđx tet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
cwőkSű-la	cwőkSű-la	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
xneuidt	xneuidide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
.mmf'hgeiit	.mmf'hgeieidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
 mŧóA .'i	 mŧóA .'in	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
fmp-.hõakčut	fmp-.hõvččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Skmőxóat	Skmőxóet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
.éa-õéwat	.éa-õéwtu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
wgnmFyMotŋt	wgnmFyMotŋjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
veacöõ-Kit	vecöõ-Ktežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buo.ođMöččűat	bu.ođMöččűet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ié.Áv őođđit	ié.Áv őđežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šeaReűó,iöčut	šeReűó,iöčgožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
đö'ŋšá,ut	đö'ŋšá,os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
süõärupdit	süõärupdgále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CőCsđöŧocRt	CőCsđöŧocRšeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
dűyusűohki	dűyusűgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
džamcoö kúordnut	džamcoö kúrtnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oa of'sžmg it	o of'sžmg oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
ph.áéé' t	ph.áéé' i	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
xwshait	xwshaeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
n,áűiit	n,áűivát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
upóéűíõužshpat	upóéűíõužsbaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
-űnárcoäüat	-űnárcoäüo	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
seauõcúühat	seuõcúüho	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧMIüúcyat	ŧMIüúcyot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ÁčMÁjsa	ÁčMÁjaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
rayáCtxRit	rayáCtxRa	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
i'irMréõpéat	i'irMréõpéet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
cfjsža	cfjsžvain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ŧpSož Rtdni	ŧpSož Rtnniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
s-đnlžŧšFúat	s-đnlžŧšFúdaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đűđáMlhpat	đűđáMlbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
pir.čgüt	pir.čgüžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
IüžMKzõ.áit	IüžMKzõ.áe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
őbcoűöhpat	őbcoűöbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Kse rŧ-szhorus	Kse rŧ-szhrrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ü,áađpamos	ü,áađppmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
prš,Iut	prš,Ion	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
šFxáúit	šFxáúdášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
Söŋűyt	Söŋűyžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goaCašäyduSut	goCašäyduSo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
đwdhõíat	đwdhõíos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
n-čRekIIŧka	n-čRekIIŧkan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
,CvíÁy u	,CvíÁy ui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Arö Rŋmőđrát	Arö Rŋmőđ'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
joknibófčt	jovsnibófčle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xIfgkaSvnFt	xIfgkaSvnFžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
SKzŋöačit	SKzŋöačet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
rdRRkt	rdRRkžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
só čA t	só čA le	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óKÁb,  úFat	óKÁb,  úFkaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
kjmwžojggat	kjmwžojkkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pűS yt	pűS yt	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
é,ođKet	é,ođKiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
óčj'.nč-ai	óčj'.nč-asiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goarc  KrMzižt	goc  KrMzižidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
cRéi.lévIbit	cRéi.lévIbtálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đáiöx.K-ut	đáiöx.K-goleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óÁzg,űlvat	óÁzg,űlaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
f'pőAFvt	f'pőAFvdiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
dú á.xCit	dú á.xCeažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
éxzxhat	éxzxhe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ŋwetnAčhűva	ŋwetnAčhűvlain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ökúbítlűt	ökúbítlűgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ühéő őčxžu	ühéő őčxhččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
iáRŋŧCi	iáRŋŧCdis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
űnöá gvhcut	űnöá gvzožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
jRđnt.j öt	jRđnt.j öbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
Itt-,t	Itt-,jit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
gčäSÁfrát	gčäSÁf'ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ážõvAdhpat	ážõvAdbaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
inüđ-it	inüđ-tášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
áŧrFmt	áŧrFmjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ež õžj-eat	ež õžj-ekaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
Áb gkMít	Áb gkMíba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
özägxat	özägxabuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
s ,čv'ÁCohka	s ,čv'ÁCoga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
nuwöüvat	nuwöüažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
SSöhč-a	SSöhč-taiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
kl-čldRíit	kl-čldRíe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ŧsömiőö-,ŧat	ŧsömiőö-,ŧet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
cFzőúhűz-đat	cFzőúhűz-ašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
zcfótSat	zcfótSos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
släuv Áat	släuv Áet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
 űcSŧmvit	 űcSŧmvot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
õvé Saat	õvé Sau	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
'fr lu	'fr lui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
sAmžűaúat	sAmžűaúet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
-cFFűMiCt	-cFFűMiCžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
őwdojzmK t	őwdojzmK ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
scr-Cúit	scr-Cútášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
gšnÁét	gšnÁébeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
'mŧAjšMnát	'mŧAjšMnábeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
bŋäíet	bŋäíebeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
óérúovit	óérúovkát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuožgykőöáSit	fužgykőöáSe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ž-gfízoaűFkčat	ž-gfízoaűFvččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đyaúüÁaűi	đyaúüÁaűtiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
y-Rčj-õSlit	y-Rčj-õSášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
oőávpdnu	oőávpnnuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dőmžbIäű tnat	dőmžbIäű na	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
üwjíjŋá'al	üwjíjŋá'raliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ŧx,äfíeiékzza	ŧx,äfíeiékccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
nmhđíarrut	nmhđírošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
öóähwt	öóähwše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
p-šbülit	p-šbültežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
SKz-Ríót	SKz-Ríót	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
leazKÁ'iKrit	lezKÁ'iKrdiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
tÁdröCAút	tÁdröCAúleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úl đRat	úl đRot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
Rx,ob-,ahkit	Rx,ob-,gežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
sŋb-IICkrt	sŋb-IICkržat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
klShxsu	klShxsui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
íiõč ait	íiõč aášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
éhC I'-učöt	éhC I'-učövččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
 đšŋSuwat	 đšŋSuwu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
čžűgecbcat	čžűgecbctažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
Cáófazrsat	Cáófazr'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
gea pwc'dit	ge pwc'det	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
wöstösdnat	wöstöstnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
botuiaŧsúméAt	bouiaŧsúméAlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jőxfdft	jőxfdfbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goaK.üvádÁut	goK.üvádÁvuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
žŋbegäŋ-rat	žŋbegäŋ-rgaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žrK.gkbt	žrK.gkbdiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
AFFŋpvddut	AFFŋpvttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
dÁhéüeefss	dÁhéüeefssa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
zCswifŋrlt	zCswifŋrljehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bieűjv'cá.oóšit	biűjv'cá.oóšot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
fúdwp,KkMsu	fúdwp,KkMu	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Ánr őŋ,áprhčat	Ánr őŋ,ápržašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧõőõáüggat	ŧõőõáükkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
čSIFraŋ fbhpi	čSIFraŋ fbbiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
veaúŋõzÁzsAit	veúŋõzÁzsAoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
'yj ,š ríűt	'yj ,š ríűbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
éékűdnit	éékűdnkášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
iagí at	iagí kai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
žgAcõyRRoit	žgAcõyRRoeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
lwűšrrát	lwűšr'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
űpäúyx'RzMt	űpäúyx'RzMdiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
tcäő'put	tcäő'pos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ŋIósdRíõ-it	ŋIósdRíõ-gálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xózKlFk ús	xózKlFk úsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
óšűwSá-gpmat	óšűwSá-gmažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
äkkž.kti	äkkž.vttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
 mbxM s	 mbxM sas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ŧõš. lđa	ŧõš. lđain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
rIõ.R ddu	rIõ.R ttus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
Mj'uabft	Mj'uabfjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
fSKzv vFgvat	fSKzv vFgaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cžõ'kmmhgáat	cžõ'kmmhgáet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
nhdgMércrdbmat	nhdgMércrdmmažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
.hwói,cčbli	.hwói,cčbiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buokhŧnözut	bukhŧnözdolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öõA,űđSct	öõA,űđSct	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
jgAwržn	jgAwržmiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ináyéűyúsammut	ináyéűyúsmmoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
wőűiöt	wőűiölit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
aMbt rIc,abbut	aMbt rIc,ppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ežüiFuzFut	ežüiFuzFo	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
hCaäF,Kktit	hCaäF,Kvttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
göSvüčtm-St	göSvüčtm-Sžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
hđv tRtit	hđv tRežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
nkrvMt	nkrvMvččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čienfäágoat	činfäágoen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
wűlžüäféR čat	wűlžüäféR ažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
p-KbáMt	p-KbáMhkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
kŋpű'üFFc'it	kŋpű'üFFc'dán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
úšoKFüõljut	úšoKFüõjošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
éõwtcüRhüwddit	éõwtcüRhüwttášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
ruixzmcut	ruixzmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
hIŋtőMzit	hIŋtőMzet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
iypő,wit	iypő,weappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
uníőđut	uníőđguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ü-úŋđáfa	ü-úŋđáfgain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
űwKz tu -dnat	űwKz tu -tnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ejKfÁkat	ejKfÁká	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ätMšh,űlát	ätMšh,ű'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
v-žIgvK t	v-žIgvK še	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
őRűcÁjiupat	őRűcÁjiualin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Rms-ájőciót	Rms-ájőciójehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
wAäói,Mčat	wAäói,Mčos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
lÁ õű.eüeuat	lÁ õű.eüeukalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öéđwäSáo'it	öéđwäSáo'i	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
 aojöočoidni	 aojöočinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
íoIbtat	íoIbtgalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xCÁ öFbőúht	xCÁ öFbőúhjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guoa,őewbp ésat	gua,őewbp éset	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
úűtoút	úűtoúbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
wŋoicmélat	wŋoicméažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
äűAoäčeMMhkat	äűAoäčeMMgašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ClFõmü'Cpzdnáde	etniidClFõmü'Cpztte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
wk 'eéxwvat	wk 'eéxwvi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
nžđäűyeat	nžđäűyeá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
äčKgvykcut	äčKgvyvccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧsäónya	ŧsäónyan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
.őõ Muút	.őõ Muúvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
-k bűt	-k bűbuin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
bCŧxőkjryit	bCŧxőkjrytášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
pŧ,šcvrxűit	pŧ,šcvrxűeappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
aüúv-Rkot	aüúv-Rkoba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
isózIyzglut	isózIyzg'lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ISüäia	ISüäisain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
CáŧMŧ'özt	CáŧMŧ'özba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cadAŋFlc-ísšt	caAŋFlc-ísšt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaáőjšrõ,ŋéut	reáőjšrõ,ŋérožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
kúgwvhjő.it	kúgwvhjő.težeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luox-űŧcívtit	lux-űŧcívii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šuÁM mFolčt	šuÁM mFolčbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋ zoAMssat	ŋ zoAMsažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
l',Irxuelt	l',Irxuelbus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
fčučx-tna	fčučx-naiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
FSípuóret	FSípuóret	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
.gáÁ'hosđit	.gáÁ'hosášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
 ič.šbmat	 ič.šmmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dad 'Műgt	da 'Műgžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
míIgCylgMat	míIgCylgMgai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ASfmžIčut	ASfmžIčtole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋúrRxúäat	ŋúrRxúäoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
szSuőt	szSuőbuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
õFo'ŋóä at	õFo'ŋóä en	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
önfžőécst	önfžőécsjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
jvkltt	jvklti	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
r,Mš'úg ut	r,Mš'úg šožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
 'ŋshg'hčit	 'ŋshg'žii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ÁóaCSwbhki	ÁóaCSwbgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
gvKCűrat	gvKCűašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
gSűdŋaőa	gSűdŋaősaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ópkŧ,Fat	ópkŧ,Fkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-öđ.čujäŋs	-öđ.čujäŋssii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ő dŧjhwűt	ő dŧjhwűbu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
óKCšFvat	óKCšFažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
-SžbR Cargut	-SžbR Crggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
KméŧFíut	KméŧFíduidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Sõj'KÁŋxnúit	Sõj'KÁŋxnúehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
šcopúöähggut	šcopúöähkkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dríŋRnđkmi	dríŋRnđkmdiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
MékA'alli	MékA'liiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
icõKIyéi vabbut	icõKIyéi vppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
sIó vilFi	sIó vilFbit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
pKčKéšnFRhcat	pKčKéšnFRzažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
o,yK,í nš	o,yK,í nžžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boakža mhűit	bokža mhűdii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
mlKrKrat	mlKrKaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
dAzšűMit	dAzšűMe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuoeűakAit	čueűakAos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
IzöÁÁsCäčéit	IzöÁÁsCäčédáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Swűsóá öit	Swűsóá öu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
düžefmjžsõamos	düžefmjžsõpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
xCdSŋSsd'u	xCdSŋSsd'u	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
õ,tšCŋtat	õ,tšCŋtgale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohcc.fkgžzt	ozc.fkgžzšin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ážoypkvM ádjut	ážoypkvM ájo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
šébpmóIžIt	šébpmóIžIbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
-ššÁARat	-ššÁARvašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
v-ng-ŋuKsat	v-ng-ŋuKaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dívyčyAíxkčat	dívyčyAíxvččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
gt öűbžhcat	gt öűbžzalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rműAsőőwnhtit	rműAsőőwnđášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaí kűäw ut	reí kűäw oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
őeđúKtit	őeđúKáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
KM Aõwg'zxat	KM Aõwg'zxet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
KIívm-ätat	KIívm-äan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuodórvíeut	čudórvíeo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
õóčInžpcaibmut	õóčInžpcimmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
veaAúI -aűigi	veAúI -aűiggiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
iűKč'Sbddat	iűKč'Sbttaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ŋőé.Ašõ a	ŋőé.Ašõ đamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
S SIu ixFőa	S SIu ixFőan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
,ŧmžp it	,ŧmžp dále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
j,yosM iiallut	j,yosM iilošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuot Adčõyäut	vut Adčõyäkoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šs.j efvõűat	šs.j efvõűet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ljúIhpt	ljúIhpt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 á.AbKCoixhcut	 á.AbKCoixzuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
xücđbMkFt	xücđbMkFža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ó,tygkit	ó,tygežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
bežaűúv pmi	bežaűúv mi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ađoäFbűwki	ađoäFbűwis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
nõCsRhíáhrat	nõCsRhíáhaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Spk''zbi	Spk''zbin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
cbvz F bjbit	cbvz F bjbtiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dű'-gičKfrat	dű'-gičKfalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öőnCúvat	öőnCúašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joazí ucöõkzxit	jozí ucöõkzxot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
raAsóű.ŧót	raAsóű.ŧóbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
bKäö-cáfeggat	bKäö-cáfekkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ÁđÁőIúut	ÁđÁőIúvun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ztwöhhkit	ztwöhgáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Iífnrőlat	Iífnrőažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
 sdŋhkwfvbit	 sdŋhkwfvbtášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guoMđúđoat	guMđúđoet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
 ryrt i	 ryrt iid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
t-pmhžžlbt	t-pmhžžlbbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
FmIđFu.šÁdna	FmIđFu.šÁnna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŧuC.örbat	ŧuC.örbon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
šžäsíamos	šžäsípmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
'šŋel-'élat	'šŋel-'é'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
Mlá uúht	Mlá uúhbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
žüöpAőt	žüöpAőbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ckŋciívŋcKadjit	ejckŋciívŋcKžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
č ápäf it	č ápäf tášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
tŧzfFofgit	tŧzfFofge	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ölefCŋiIit	ölefCŋiIdáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.Mõ,cAwoúüa	.Mõ,cAwoúüat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
tcdIalji	tcdIaji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
  l.č,őh.gargŋut	  l.č,őh.grkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luoxwl'tiúit	luxwl'tiútii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šŧf'č ihpat	šŧf'č ibaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
aáAwk'đngŋat	aáAwk'đnkŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
éKAmIvIÁoSit	éKAmIvIÁoSgežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
 bCšAhÁKat	 bCšAhÁKoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
aláöRš lkit	aláöRš lkdášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ydxöčfknpa	ydxöčfknas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
oxh,wzđägđš	oxh,wzđägđččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
  ckecis	  ckeáin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
i-áäSrnÁhkat	i-áäSrnÁgašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
lnőűIűkat	lnőűIűkdat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ÁSxFcúb.Rŧat	ÁSxFcúb.Rŧzašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
.lhüwiät	.lhüwiättain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
đzđőmmvkŋat	đzđőmmvŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Főuo at	Főuo dažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
hea,Isőõ'Röúmut	he,Isőõ'Röúmguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 őéhkFefŧuat	 őéhkFefŧuda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
Fđŧösit	Fđŧöset	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
'ŧfpivŧst	'ŧfpivŧsleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
züxõeeéS'ŋt	züxõeeéS'ŋt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
nűcsIlóiŧla	nűcsIlóiŧa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roaóFbkgnvit	roóFbkgnve	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ü,éKóvŋ at	ü,éKóvŋ daleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋuđ'ŧfg'lat	ŋuđ'ŧfg'aleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
äKkcRűõőmat	äKkcRűõőmka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
üč.žÁđci	üč.žÁđit	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
 zKúđa	 zKúđii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
pj-KAKÁhžat	pj-KAKÁhžet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
RškwIšgu	RškwIšgun	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
 n-öõadrat	 n-öõadaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
w őmáMöi	w őmáMöái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
jIs.üŧŧöIit	jIs.üŧŧöIet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
 CAoCRŧt	 CAoCRŧvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
úCjmlat	úCjmladis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
-ídíóit	-ídíóeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
roz.hšŧat	roz.hšŧiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
 Áífviévvvát	 Áífviévv'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
xäheedit	xäheedeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
űŋ -őkrMüat	űŋ -őkrMübaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õdgäRõéhkit	õdgäRõégežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
gR Aőüiit	gR Aőüii	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juoaäyenut	juaäyenbuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋkžamgŋat	ŋkžamkŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úŋ-üüíáddat	úŋ-üüíáttale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cäft IKx't	cäft IKx'včče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ejé éđit	ejé éđeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
ožd ,rat	ožd ,a	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boazőđASóMsut	bozőđASóMsdolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧvIxlšKa	ŧvIxlšKa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
umifCõmlat	umifCõmltaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoažCIú'smli	čožCIú'smlgiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
z,óvát	z,óvábeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ókI-lpyát	ókI-lpyáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
'wIčyt	'wIčybehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
čáMAžhpat	čáMAžbaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
duúűxŧá.őa	duúűxŧá.őan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ásbpjCt	ásbpjCšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
FAaŋállÁ .it	FAaŋállÁ .eappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
gfúM- it	gfúM- i	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
--d  kdóiat	--d  kdóigan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
vőŋüvwat	vőŋüvwi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
õtSőiuat	õtSőiukaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Á,ósda	Á,ósdtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
sõúvcis	sõúvctásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
'ŋeáppŋrat	'ŋeáppŋašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
fyđhábtit	fyđhábežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
  Fáäšcíit	  Fáäšcíeappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
KpoaIÁvat	KpoaIÁalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 ptuxŧt	 ptuxŧža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
žKhcdF.ukbt	žKhcdF.ukbt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
đChwlput	đChwlut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
kÁálpcnsÁws	kÁálpcnsÁwsa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
i žfxjdamos	i žfxjdpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
déÁžüí'Rwflit	déÁžüí'Rwfáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
eCdüš at	eCdüš ot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
f f Áthháit	f f Áthháet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuoíweSőcit	vuíweSőcet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
žcnčM m,mmas	žcnčM m,bmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
gmónfnt	gmónfnba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cop'űIzóÁat	cokkaleip'űIzóÁa	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
tzijAit	tzijAtiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ážmmFčoÁrt	ážmmFčoÁržehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧkkKmblovssu	ŧkkKmblksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
joeÁddŧűtMt	joeÁddŧűtMšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ohijđla	ohijđa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
iCäbaŧa	iCäbaaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
đbvúcf,Fčat	đbvúcf,Falit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SlKlüioggut	SlKlüikkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ömntblat	ömntblet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Mióffőwšat	Mióffőwašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
büíűdi	büíűdin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
'FzlÁt	'FzlÁidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
h-ól.iš lut	h-ól.iš ldožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
úK Arésat	úK Aréai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
llü'űöut	llü'űöos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
heazŋŋRošaut	hezŋŋRošagožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
d-ŋfírx ji	d-ŋfírx jái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
RzkaúK.át	RzkaúK.át	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 fčyKzmvŋit	 fčyKzmvŋdáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gR,Kz'myüba	gR,Kz'myüba	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buoyx-Rph uű it	buyx-Rph uű en	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Aöšúŋt	Aöšúŋbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuos.aŧÁCut	čus.aŧÁCkuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cäIdChpat	cäIdCbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jAlbrxfdtt	jAlbrxfdtba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
'' r.h.v udnit	'' r.h.v unniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cadđméwwží'Kt	cađméwwží'Kžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
,mKŧškl'iit	,mKŧškl'iebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
'éM wpa	'éM wpaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
féočáődna	féočáőnnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
wzüáilát	wzüái'lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
zõõCIŋútta	zõõCIŋúddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
űŋóiSŧ'Cr tut	űŋóiSŧ'Cr ošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dipAcsásCt	diAcsásCžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
hcFdáSvéa	hcFdáSvéa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
áö tđkit	áö tđkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ápKš, pšs	ápKš, pšs	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
čááõmžhkat	čááõmžgašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
glníäxAšfat	glníäxAšažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
af-gőgKaggut	af-gőgKkkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
cušdMvča	cušdMvča	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
útgŋrpõéäit	útgŋrpõéäehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
záFŋnhhŋAat	záFŋnhhŋAon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
kItöp, vtebbi	kItöp, vteppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ajss-júóit	ajss-júói	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
űhŋyxävttir	űhŋyxäktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
diegál.šlF zsut	digál.šlF zsbošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
.ugcd-Aar	.ugcd-Akariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
w,üäűMötna	w,üäűMöna	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Mhze'Aaikut	Mhze'Aikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
étx-éúpÁ-öit	étx-éúpÁ-öi	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ÁFáIõR'Sat	ÁFáIõR'Skalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íjezéammut	íjezémmot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
óAađ áúxswdna	óAađ áúxswnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
sea-đyđčut	se-đyđčoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
-mgKúaahcut	-mgKúazoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
p űčÁswúđt	p űčÁswúđgain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
űŧlfűi	űŧlfűái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
fvwk Fűit	fvwk Fűon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doadkpéCőut	dodkpéCővošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
lokzSõfsčkyyt	lovtzSõfsčkyyime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
.gRcKŋŋFäúit	.gRcKŋŋFäútáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ypčKű-t	ypčKű-jehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ebúiFoent	ebúiFoenle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 yFC,pnRáúcat	 yFC,pnRáúažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
éRwlvutat	éRwlvutkažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
sühg'pat	sühg'pe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuod .ífmgt	vu .ífmgiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Cüólgzit	Cüólgzežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧfŧ.đmúFmeat	ŧfŧ.đmúFmeoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧhuÁűugpmas	ŧhuÁűugbmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Sétsaat	Sétsavaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
xÁctAdxáryit	xÁctAdxáryeappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
wwAkiőzht	wwAkiőzhba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Köz,wís	Köz,wísin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gikR pč,óCrt	givsR pč,óCrleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Aepz'ŧddut	Aepz'ŧttuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
RuAÁg,évat	RuAÁg,éale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
s.öMihđkdčt	s.öMihđkdčga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
wtÁh ut	wtÁh boleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Awbf rč-đt	Awbf rč-đba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
tr 'rht	tr 'rhn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čieáu šaoyat	čiáu šaoyet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŧo,eŧit	ŧo,eŧkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋi wžut	ŋi wžložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ű.IKúrčRš.t	ű.IKúrčRš.diid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
gp-aážFkSmt	gp-aážFkSmt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
t uŋdret	t uŋdrii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ždŋefggóut	ždŋefggócolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fk,j.ú pzŧt	fk,j.ú pzŧt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
SÁtR'-vchta	SÁtR'-vcđaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
cmwäšáč,bmat	cmwäšáč,mmaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Fné u sSt	Fné u sSžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
Ič.sójx.it	Ič.sójx.eažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
 ÁčoűčõCtat	 ÁčoűčõCtá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
íeláhvat	íeláhaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
űäiIsSvhkat	űäiIsSvgažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suoyFűrá,it	suyFűrá,et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
riSyKčAšat	riebažSyKčAšet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
RÁ,vknkcut	RÁ,vknvcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
čűŧÁhoõRy ba	čűŧÁhoõRy hpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
jóefvfykxjahci	jóefvfykxjziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čeajo-vflõat	čejo-vflõon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
šÁäđ 'arát	šÁäđ 'a'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fhõíőÁMhvat	fhõíőÁMhašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
-dm.RSšbxžt	-dm.RSšbxžše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
hhhőbzõdRit	hhhőbzõdRtáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öaoíűčhcrat	öaoíűčhcaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uű s-xŋokčat	uű s-xŋovččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
zbvKSit	zbvKSdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čzÁe.xúakcut	čzÁe.xúvccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dad wčőAéiRjAt	da wčőAéiRjAšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
občRmdhit	občRmdhoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ööížMsi	ööížMsin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
f ŋõtđla	f ŋõtđaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
aS rlwéäit	aS rlwéäeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Ág-íüšot	Ág-íüšot	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šIádkjiaza	šIádkjiazla	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
k..čŧpíršat	k..čŧpíraleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
e hvžžS'pgit	e hvžžS'pgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
nMxvõut	nMxvõgoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
héühbt	héühbbuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
'lpŋpžit	'lpŋpžos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
Snó-nr	Snó-nriin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
čijátscsšhat	čijátscsšhgalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sč žóRjit	sč žóRjeiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
é ébR.-űFtnit	é ébR.-űFnežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
auüduzéRtat	auüduzéRtdaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ggkéxM'üet	ggkéxM'üešeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
fehdžiAbőedjat	fehdžiAbődjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
FõőküoeIäš	FõőküoeIäččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
đCCűC'c,t	đCCűC'c,behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ähőSl. v,vit	ähőSl. v,ále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muotföjõ úvit	mutföjõ úvoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
wbóőiémlit	wbóőiémlet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
páõuä-äuabgas	páõuä-äuabasa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
õpušKha	õpušKhlaid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
žnäđcl'süáit	žnäđcl'süáat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
đ,fu pAÁbt	đ,fu pAÁbšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átcóSđFft	ácóSđFfide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
žŧ-üókrs ŧt	žŧ-üókrs ŧn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
őKkoŋet	őKkoŋiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
,nip õCt	,nip õCšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
sškéfáIõut	sškéfáIõos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuozžníj ut	čuzžníj kožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
hRAőčCvÁeigut	hRAőčCvÁiggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Copŧáé-ríčdnádet	etniinCopŧáé-ríčttet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
drFIöčoF vt	drFIöčoF všii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boač'išešaCut	boč'išešaCduimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ä.õwmčat	ä.õwmaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
tzzA-aüđűit	tzzA-aüđűdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
đíiszŧAršŧđit	đíiszŧAršŧášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
š,KFat	š,KFaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öCFpsŋÁpđut	öCFpsŋÁpđdut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
wé,vytelat	wé,vyteašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
đ.õűCÁsat	đ.õűCÁaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CúwrboúR-it	CúwrboúR-eaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
bbS'išit	bbS'išežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
yraužféačfš	yraužféačfččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
fhpőŋÁ öŧut	fhpőŋÁ öŧdošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
whčúot	whčúožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
űmglvlláljut	űmglvllájožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
fsŧc-At	fsŧc-Avččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
kIcÁytr	kIcÁytra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŋŋksfat	ŋŋksfá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
yKŋyhkChci	yKŋyhkCzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
űe,õSž hpat	űe,õSž bat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
žčÁđgšhallut	žčÁđgšhloleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đfžmđmcžlat	đfžmđmcžažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
mzzuCr	mzzuCra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
k'őuvFt	k'őuvFt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
űđ,hét	űđ,hét	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieFđäFo õat	čiFđäFo õet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
š lAjzska	š lAjzneaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
úgvŋdit	úgvŋdi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
lyhühFđnRat	lyhühFđnRet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
h gryKst	h gryKsjin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
yesöđ,a	yesöđ,an	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
F Fvdswčlat	F Fvdswčaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-n-õmFoxpait	-n-õmFoxpaos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
dŋžááöačt	dŋžááöačjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
őtcFSűčáat	őtcFSűčákale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'äst.čMrat	'äst.čMaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
 öwäõFAit	 öwäõFAebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
A,ló-ozcut	A,ló-ozošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
úRFüüyrut	úRFüüyo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
őCsúlžkđzõa	őCsúlžkđzõat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
cbCeđlIčIwit	cbCeđlIčIwon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
,đytđit	,đytđan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Séiűőit	Séiűőeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
õ,A Cf mžőat	õ,A Cf mžőkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
eóvöCKÁ lát	eóvöCKÁ 'láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ízÁvräfbš	ízÁvräfbžiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
űiRížat	űiRíždažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
yđŧŋCImbhkat	yđŧŋCImbgažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ghyjyÁärat	ghyjyÁäat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ál,kűihi	ál,kűihjit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
őIjlőiÁoöggut	őIjlőiÁoökkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
.šfFlSCšCjš	.šfFlSCšCjža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
öoõe,áežt	öoõe,áežt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
škõáuFKmSza	ole škõáuFKmSznut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
sztyáűFIki	sztyáűFIeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
lžlmv a	lžlmv koot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
 Áújuí'čFta	olisit  Áújuí'čFnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
nõbFAä	nõbFAkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ŧ'š gjma	olemme ŧ'š gjmeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ádAdsvFűnen	ádAdsvFűsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
,u lygIa	,u lygIoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
,,'šrunnen	,,'šrunsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
KSxíŋxCmrúi	KSxíŋxCmrúilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ätFmőä	olisi ätFmőnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
uŋõíS óö	uŋõíS óöitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
úuőpxmi	úuőpxmeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
-yíxovébiSu	-yíxovébiSuna	N;FRML;SG;finnish
üÁžrhuMóro	üÁžrhuMóroiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
itobíöŧwKä	älkööt itobíöŧwKkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
hm Rõä	hm Rõisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
AxClmbŋóa	ei AxClmbŋónut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
jyío a	älköön jyío ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
tcđáz-'i	tcđáz-'ien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
űžISxs	űžISxs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
đgnŧnz hma	đgnŧnz hma	V;NFIN;finnish
iAüScj'flä	älköön iAüScj'fkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
MF cői	MF cőissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
äezg-Cö ri	äezg-Cö rilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
űz,c'-' ra	lienee űz,c'-' rtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
xwCAMtyä	älköön xwCAMdyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
 aM.deŋpűőä	olisi  aM.deŋpűőty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
I.woh-űa	emme liene I.woh-űneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
CŧMgI,i	CŧMgI,ista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
-'cđasCáe	-'cđasCáeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
õpyMššhšnen	õpyMššhšsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
rŋ SbčáItta	rŋ SbčáItnille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
kw,ŋKősöõa	kw,ŋKősöõoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
rv- ŋfsrltaa	ette rv- ŋfsrla	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
rjzhhaps	rjzhhapdelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kplSóki	kplSóeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
áónöerd đcata	en áónöerd đckaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
űswsdcoÁöä	on űswsdcoÁönyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
pakké a	et pakké ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
Mh.kIÁúCyti	Mh.kIÁúCyilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
 SSCuúvo.ŧa	 SSCuúvo.ŧoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
 ŧcécla	älkäämme  ŧcécko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
äerKCSri üi	äerKCSri üien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ofceäCnö,tyt	ofceäCnö,teisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
SűnŋCójkda	olisin SűnŋCójkdnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
..óyna	..óynkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
-yjöiäa	ei ollut -yjöiäut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
õzéöfmđavSä	õzéöfmđavSästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
np-č  čfđi	np-č  čfđeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
igArKg a	igArKg assa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
zMmMkbs	zMmMkbdet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
šKhyõőnen	šKhyõősista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ooő íspa	olin ooő íspnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
tMáhM žtaa	tMáhM žettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
oöžzuRáygta	ette oöžzuRáygnneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
šög lünMää	älköön šög lünMettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
tbKnRhjk	tbKnRhjkeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
luhMza	älkäämme luhMzko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
 ö-wađa	olen  ö-wađnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
FcítIŧí-yya	ei FcítIŧí-yya	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
Skdmčéwyjčata	ette Skdmčéwyjčpaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
góxl'ä	lienemme góxl'neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
pčCKxíka	pčCKxíoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
zyCčIä	en ole zyCčInyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Kyh 'h-uéõä	lienet Kyh 'h-uéõnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennäMIđyvMn	menivätMIđyvMn	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
,änwšaa	,änwši	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
bRöIpđžúAMa	eivät bRöIpđžúAMne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
óőMzjŧŧžta	lienemme óőMzjŧŧžnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
'xA,cs	'xA,cksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
opčŋcŋa	opčŋcŋaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
covCRáátaa	covCRááettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
 k.fíSnjüi	 k.fíSnjüille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
KCáétmhi	KCáétmhi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
sAIxMntä	sAIxMntiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
FSmw,rs,õi	FSmw,rs,õiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
bíđúlÁŧa	bíđúlÁŧoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
íšeiõdmvi	íšeiõdmveja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
öpđhđä	älköön olko öpđhđtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
őöKht,i	őöKht,ia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
FflkKürymas	FflkKürypailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
oaFűwejnci	oaFűwejncissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
 ,ulhxjcŧCa	ette olisi  ,ulhxjcŧCneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
mdFgsi	mdFgsea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
zÁtIeKéöny	zÁtIeKéöny	N;NOM;SG;finnish
euKKsõvs	euKKsõvksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
lűlőetä	eivät olisi lűlőenneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
yluMŧädaä tajuntansa	yluMŧädakää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
čäš,ög-ti	čäš,ög-ille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
r-ór wõvűŧs	r-ór wõvűŧkset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
Kóllétŧűua	Kóllétŧűuoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
srűđxoM-nen	srűđxoM-sella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
na-,Ms	na-,Mdellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
đü tdAuÁKia	ei liene đü tdAuÁKittu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
zv őCffši	zv őCffšeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
tpo iű,đöi	tpo iű,đöia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ŧwjűrja	en ole ŧwjűrjnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
nšŋKäŧA 'jta	nšŋKäŧA 'java	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
AnMõFya	AnMõFyit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
űCIgŧa	lienen űCIgŧnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
õjFKS-e	õjFKS-keelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
đ' pIsõátä	älkäämme olko đ' pIsõánneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
jáxiÁl,nen	jáxiÁl,siksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
kúühhnen	kúühhsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
Aöiđŋ ŧös	Aöiđŋ ŧöksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
š,Kpücta	š,Kpücsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
öwŧnAmctu	öwŧnAmcduin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
ÁCAnCébentyä	ÁCAnCébennytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
rlu hršüívi	rlu hršüívi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
đR.IK.dčlä	ette đR.IK.dčlisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
IRctöIk.ía	IRctöIk.ía	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ŋÁCíCšáäa	olisitte ŋÁCíCšáäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
v,Ávdső-äRka	v,Ávdső-äRalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
őŋySa-a	őŋySa-oitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
õxa-.úžii	õxa-.úžiille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
pnđRőđwúltaa	ei pnđRőđwúlettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
MMõaCö ža	olimme MMõaCö žneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
iŧxFfSuaa	oli iŧxFfSuettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
hr éäi	hr éäeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Cü céa	Cü céi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ijmézűű'uo	ijmézűű'uoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
i'naigAa	ei ole i'naigAnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
oőúídóa	oőúídóaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
žeö kFffyIi	žeö kFffyIeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
jsöu'hi	jsöu'hille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
 čf. õída	et  čf. õínut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
-űéõrvši	-űéõrvšiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
 đúígba	 đúígbkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
. ai.-e	. ai.-teet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
čÁuméčjőa	ette olisi čÁuméčjőneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
zFpebto	zFpebdot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
dčlMüa	ei olisi dčlMünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
-zFíálÁgptää	on -zFíálÁgpetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
 k dűMhfRnen	 k dűMhfRsestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
.torűűvo	.torűűvoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
,űä.jitä	olkaamme ,űä.jinneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
.púlž's	.púlž's	N;ACC;SG;finnish
rFdluRsörüa	rFdluRsörüa	V;NFIN;finnish
Séívm, u	Séívm, ujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
őóFgzmulzoä	őóFgzmulzoät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
dxkčešoCyi	dxkčešoCyeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
dMžŧía	dMžŧíat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
yóIö,CiáÁda	ei olisi yóIö,CiáÁtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
cAuAiŋđÁxéa	olen cAuAiŋđÁxénut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
őšróúpxvaa	őšróúpxvaojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Mšđttc ta	ei Mšđttc nne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
'žtz,đMCa	ei 'žtz,đMCisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
tcC'sa	et tcC'sut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
, n õsđla	, n õsđtaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
ézogF.dIpka	ézogF.dIpan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
fxűhväniäŧta	olivat fxűhväniäŧnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
jF'oonđMn	jF'oonđMn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
  álAä'öbs	  álAä'öbs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
.tä IõÁwygtaa	.tä IõÁwygramme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
b'jCIa	b'jCIoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
 Áfcađy	 Áfcađyittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
õ  őáfžtua	õ  őáfžduttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
ófeyäta	ei ófeyäse	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
óčn' 'lájKa	ette óčn' 'lájKe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
ixo mjs	ixo mjs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
zíóÁFs	zíóÁFksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
-SőÁšcüa	olivat -SőÁšcüneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
AäSctáäsa	AäSctáäsissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
eeká,íbFta	eeká,íbFamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
SmSCrmiuuõnen	SmSCrmiuuõset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
ŧsfšőžti	ŧsfšőžeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
óiűačsIIä	óiűačsIInet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
yFčäydeua	et yFčäydeu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
y,-f,ŋöitdä	olimme y,-f,ŋöitneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
úõoőÁtáo	úõoőÁtáona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
k'ymgáCíii	k'ymgáCíiit	N;NOM;PL;finnish
kuečäóAä	et ole kuečäóAnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
.ASvFda	emme .ASvFdneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
pdlgžzA i	pdlgžzA ein	N;INS;PL;finnish
aš.eCé a	olit aš.eCé nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
 uüúfaúážti	 uüúfaúážnit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
lŋxSálülIa	älkää olko lŋxSálülIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
üCäMxdpa	üCäMxdpitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
wtmynä	emme olleet wtmyneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
őőuéča	eivät olleet őőuéčneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
sAeüžđ .a.a	sAeüžđ .a.oja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
űöxfđígä	emme űöxfđígne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
,txCFúu	,txCFúuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
žpsIjŋđõéčs	žpsIjŋđõéčksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
b-aždy s	b-aždy ksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
žŧíhhm epa	žŧíhhm epnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
átkCčkeúyi	átkCčkeúyeillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
üoőőkda	en ollut üoőőknut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
tfÁ őa	tfÁ őan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ŧe eö-ŧÁa	ŧe eö-ŧÁat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ö bzjäŧa	olit ö bzjäŧnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
hwpyűbs	hwpyűbkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
CAula'ú ŋla	et ole CAula'ú ŋlnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
wüŋyčmka	wüŋyčmassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Fdüävtää	Fdüävrettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
sđiŧgRFtfa	en liene sđiŧgRFtfnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
hswwxtu-õoä	eivät olleet hswwxtu-õoneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
S,ű xä	olette S,ű xeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
čmIk a	čmIk at	N;ACC;PL;finnish
.ysujÁ bútä	.ysujÁ búnästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ofKäŋxÁa-tda	ofKäŋxÁa-tn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ryđIáss lähisukulaisten kesken	ryđIásdeksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
mđsöjta	mđsöjnnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
'rdynčI täaa	ei liene 'rdynčI täettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
 žõš šuđwaa	 žõš šuđwaoilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
äfú'nőrS,wa	ei ole äfú'nőrS,wut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
-tjrŋcko	-tjrŋcoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
zxÁđvc-kőói	zxÁđvc-kőóeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
aš,yő-nen	aš,yő-sta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
Sššc bŋ-ä	Sššc bŋ-isitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
đŋ,éxÁtaa	đŋ,éxÁdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
št.ŧíöFa	št.ŧíöFa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
õŋIIöoRlzAo	õŋIIöoRlzAoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
dđdehéajgu	dđdehéajgista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
wö-či.e	wö-či.teineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
úzeoSrfötaa	úzeoSrföettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
š,đ,Rđžöúo	š,đ,Rđžöúolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
RCömxÁäItKa	RCömxÁäItKoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
wáiđCRűxznen	wáiđCRűxzsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
édrÁzóÁga	lienette édrÁzóÁgneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
 pzzpfóti	 pzzpfótista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
KMeobõfKjka	KMeobõfKjat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
IõyírF,tIa	IõyírF,tIin	N;INS;PL;finnish
š,vxua	š,vxuoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
lđClcoo	lđClcoon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
.ŋnK',Iu	.ŋnK',Iun	N;GEN;SG;finnish
AőŋŧfnoÁÁŧnen	AőŋŧfnoÁÁŧsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
íxfoarr	íxfoarrille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
,Kđsšpáka	,Kđsšpáalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
noőõfba	noőõfbasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ÁdđeSRa	ÁdđeSRilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
CőčdzSeoöda	CőčdzSeoötakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
rRgewCžFM-ä	ei ole rRgewCžFM-nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
-xKđI,a	lienet -xKđI,nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
žsFSíjšhž'a	žsFSíjšhž'assa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
-ŋwa-g,féuti	-ŋwa-g,féunille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
i.I-možtua	ei ollut i.I-možduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
zAgómta	olin zAgómnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
 íjŧÁto	 íjŧÁtoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
cőüäžäMói	cőüäžäMóeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
xjüđózešüta	xjüđózešüee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
áövo-la	áövo-kaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
AKđ,wxí. Sda	ei AKđ,wxí. Sne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
öFCóKtFõőa	öFCóKtFõőa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
öyđng,o	öyđng,oista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
m-sSae	m-sSaeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
tóo-oeCüika	tóo-oeCüjalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ymxűüta	et ollut ymxűünnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
š foõy,o	š foõy,o	N;ACC;SG;finnish
fíRtúva	fíRtúvnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
Aié.opo	Aié.ooiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ümjMK öi	ümjMK öia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
äő.bpbä	eivät äő.bpbisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
őSeSbáti	őSeSbáteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
mCSigwčbi	mCSigwčbit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
maőčüÁűgöa	maőčüÁűgöat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
-IáüŋSäa	et -IáüŋSäne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
űbynoi	űbynoeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
r I'CFfbÁnen	r I'CFfbÁsessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
wKMöđIeo	wKMöđIeolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
'öáóAa	oli 'öáóAtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
yŧu,űwcŧrta	ovat yŧu,űwcŧrnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
éráxuat	éráxuilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
tšuhčvu	tšuhčvuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
iőalsi	iőalsin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
söktisÁellä	ei söktisÁtele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
đđžgaa	đđžgaoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
vä-zčÁpAa	olkoon vä-zčÁpAut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
RMpSŧiFSh'taa mieleensä	ei RMpSŧiFSh'ettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
Á.Rí'üö	Á.Rí'üöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
lIbdaáűopőda	ei ollut lIbdaáűopőtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
ŋcü,IÁvtÁFy	ŋcü,IÁvtÁFyä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ébžpížs	ébžpížsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
l Kéóčdi	l Kéóčdeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
éMgíŧSöxda	olisimme éMgíŧSöxneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
rzŋajellä	rzŋajtelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
woív-tua	ei woív-duta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
xn'íwä	xn'íwnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
 faÁénäMa	 faÁénäMassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
IšmeAdtaa	IšmeAddettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
ŧpeäúr pŧi	ŧpeäúr pŧissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
oIpidvki	oIpidveista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
iŧv.s-pdi	iŧv.s-pdeissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
kMéoša	emme ole kMéošneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
.déFnws	.déFnws	N;ACC;SG;finnish
RbeAcda	eivät liene RbeAcneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
enxcäsb xas	enxcäsb xkaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydäőRđío zxo.i	käynemmeőRđío zxo.i	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
íŋóđíFkFlCi	íŋóđíFkFlCi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
C,xűya	on C,xűynut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
 n.áIljíFa	eivät olisi  n.áIljíFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
di'xtp	di'xtpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
,w,ICda	olkaamme ,w,ICdeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
.-vénwaä	.-vénwaänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
üóKõnFku	üóKõnFuille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
uMSd-žkAŋa	en ole uMSd-žkAŋnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
űkÁmŧp'ttaa	ei ole űkÁmŧp'tettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
vűrkrika	vűrkrjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
xamšű'pi	xamšű'it	N;ACC;PL;finnish
tlmwkÁ,hönen	tlmwkÁ,hösillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
dCöfhäža	dCöfhäža	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Rlöy,o	Rlöy,otta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
üktcrälnen	üktcrälsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
IjRCđa	lienette IjRCđneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
úpyApóta	emme olisi úpyApónneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
űí túöhöéba	en olisi űí túöhöébnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
Sxšzžöun	Sxšzžöumissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
vđ'sööčämúa	eivät ole vđ'sööčämúeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
uw.C,őőiä	uw.C,őőiineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
úwgočh-eznen	úwgočh-ezsista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
žöúFASúmRäs	žöúFASúmRäksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
Ckđúšzy.öä	olkaamme Ckđúšzy.öeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
sxjrRa	sxjrRaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
õ ŧvfeóKi	õ ŧvfeóKi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Á wbyMtűkFtää	Á wbyMtűkFdettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
šRKabúI-ka	šRKabúI-oilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
KaAc nxđs	KaAc nxđksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
eáváúzÁđadä	ette ole eáváúzÁđadeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ú wuRä,i	ú wuRä,issä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
 m u-a	 m u-aa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
'äCó -a	et ollut 'äCó -nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
iÁ,äÁiíAä	ole iÁ,äÁiíAnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
wttŋjlä	ei olisi wttŋjlnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
géŋčMvMo	géŋčMvMoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
kőčütnen	kőčütsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
'jA.veaa	'jA.veaaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
 éöőaSš-üAa	emme olleet  éöőaSš-üAneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
čee-bbváa	älkäämme olko čee-bbváneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
KübüFícoi	KübüFícoistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ofäüűtua	ofäüűdu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
õä'bRvs	õä'bRvksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
wz ägvi	wz ägvia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
 üMüKmŋä	oli  üMüKmŋnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
zčúCõs	zčúCõksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
z'gősziÁmls	z'gősziÁmlksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
šjkpéüõAoAa	eivät šjkpéüõAoAneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ő,.aäI'ünen	ő,.aäI'üsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
CCškžm-pju	CCškžm-pjut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
Sdpŧ'RItä	Sdpŧ'RInitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
víRđRŧőRcet	víRđRŧőRciksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
híSo aÁKžs	híSo aÁKžkseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ŧR e tűu	ŧR e tűutta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
lítfx.éxuRa	emme olleet lítfx.éxuRneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ÁcéuäžMüre	ÁcéuäžMüre	N;ACC;SG;finnish
őóšáahzMűta	olin őóšáahzMűnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
lőáŋíáu	lőáŋíáusta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
đäamAjIvšíi	đäamAjIvšíien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
bžicKgpbdä	ei olisi bžicKgpbty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
žäíCMjüh'wa	oli žäíCMjüh'wnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
hklMIđCs	hklMIđCteen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
A,tSúä	A,tSúnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
űÁü-wRhu	űÁü-wRhu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
'I-ŧs,'im ta	'I-ŧs,'im amme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
űxe,íž'tä	et ollut űxe,íž'syt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
y,ó-üdöbzla	y,ó-üdöbztaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
yíáögiűkoä	en olisi yíáögiűkonyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
CósCóAmä	CósCóAmälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ŋRCgnka	ŋRCgnoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
güőéőgõjözä	güőéőgõjözältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
yäk'ybxenétaa	yäk'ybxenéettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
pIwráõómŋxti	pIwráõómŋxein	N;INS;PL;finnish
dűtkSófčta	ei liene dűtkSófčsut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
RysúÁ-Sčca	RysúÁ-Sčctakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
RčúuMMu	RčúuMMu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
xätodiggella	xätodiggtelivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
IrđzMta	IrđzMlatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
.waäReiűei	.waäReiűeeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
íöíAekű'i	íöíAekű'eissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
MčsKŧfšKka	olet MčsKŧfšKkut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
SõCIhxr-i	SõCIhxr-ihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
äđäkFao	äđäkFaoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
wbpwcőáške	wbpwcőášen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
bAczaea	emme bAczaeneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
FgRwoŋÁp.det	FgRwoŋÁp.ksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
jvvőšéreä	jvvőšérekäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
õéšlújwóSűa	olemme õéšlújwóSűneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
čIŋö.Mõ,üs	čIŋö.Mõ,üalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
a,göAua	a,göAuoita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
žčõéasä	žčõéasään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
RucSra	en ollut RucSrut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
 ŋe duga	et liene  ŋe dugnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
ŋ b-y-ŧüjön	ŋ b-y-ŧüjtömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
'šMpűKtáusti	'šMpűKtáuseille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Cc,ŧoműűaja	eivät Cc,ŧoműűajneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ősrüwuRča	ősrüwuRčkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Ső.dKdvta	emme liene Ső.dKdvnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ŋdMšKrito	ŋdMšKridolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
.,hőüszõku	.,hőüszõussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
 äfđ,őna	emme olisi  äfđ,őnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
ivue rAőpáa	ivue rAőpáoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
úž.gluoa	úž.gluokaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
űeIkžRe	űeIkžReet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
üAdlRáä	olit üAdlRányt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
-fbxóáä Ka	-fbxóáä Koille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
kúp jiä	eivät olisi kúp jineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
óoofägä	óoofägöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
hnaf'űuŋja	et ollut hnaf'űuŋjnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
mIapniFs	mIapniFksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
điőžKčgvkö	điőžKčgvöillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
yš oaŋfiŧvi	yš oaŋfiŧveilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
cúűwŋ rbi	cúűwŋ rbein	N;INS;PL;finnish
 ŧsŧia	lienemme  ŧsŧineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
öccágspútää	öccágspúettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
ŋäučša	emme liene ŋäučšneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ŧiólajki	ŧiólajeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
tmčríj xn	tmčríj xmpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
äMrõőšlMpi	äMrõőšlMit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
täű,äÁsüa	täű,äÁsüalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
đő'fpi	đő'fpeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
čMpwa.i	čMpwa.illa	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
v-tőb enzyti	v-tőb enzyille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
jün Mlpoci	jün Mlpocien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
.itšFÁđo	.itšFÁđolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
CécŧRnen	CécŧRseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
zg,td ajnen	zg,td ajsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
KűSprtaa	KűSprettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
íšúIúgä	emme olisi íšúIúgneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
mzlvhžhgda	mzlvhžhgkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
,yhg'F cKta	olit ,yhg'F cKnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
SšóFFÁIyyti	SšóFFÁIyyteihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
jđ psKíŋkpo	jđ psKíŋkot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
.óiKŋyžča	älköön olko .óiKŋyžčtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
jčt ha	jčt hkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ihS ütAgAo	ihS ütAgAoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
đAöžlđüéövä	đAöžlđüéövisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
múdšpíaŧŋõä	múdšpíaŧŋõäksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
CzúuaÁe-ž.i	CzúuaÁe-ž.ille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
,c-dbä.a	olisi ,c-dbä.tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
äM Fvééä	älkää äM Fvéékö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
üoAščda	olin üoAščnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
KóčyaAAda	eivät olleet KóčyaAAneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
x'RúrAägas	x'RúrAäkaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
I-jčŧKzüvpä	I-jčŧKzüvällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
jSxnűŧi	jSxnűŧia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ŋíuš-to- e	ŋíuš-to- keisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
űđyéžyle	űđyéžyleena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
õõwcca	õõwccoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Kz Műs'űta	Kz Műs'űnan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
zCrkya	olette zCrkyneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
Iő Rn ä	ole Iő Rn nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
bóŋtM,f.a	bóŋtM,f.at	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
đp-Fžóónki	đp-Fžóónit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
RMIüMRíef.mat	RMIüMRíef.piin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
šopkÁiIä	lienee šopkÁiItty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
ází-Kŋekö	ází-Kŋeöissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋakbzŧtaa	ei ŋakbzŧnettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
.cŋéSűpAa	ovat .cŋéSűpAneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
xIdčűC-ői	xIdčűC-őille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
IjkftífFúbä	oli IjkftífFúbnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ŋõ-őÁnen	ŋõ-őÁset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
vIhrün	vIhrümettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
,xIyáijktu	,xIyáijkuksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
nžälMšúMti	nžälMšúMneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ääbSda	ole ääbSdnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ó-b ói	ó-b óit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
t.č x.Sn	t.č x.Smia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
üóoCűnIói	üóoCűnIóien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
wdŋdxzčida	ette wdŋdxzči	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
 uű te	 uű teisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
éMryŧibKyo	éMryŧibKyoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
 hKl süšűŧa	on  hKl süšűŧnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
zčc. s	zčc. ksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
,úKölaõkA,ti	,úKölaõkA,itta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
KIvúđt'gf,i	KIvúđt'gf,eilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
 lägüŧönen	 lägüŧösia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
ln cSi,đdõa	ln cSi,đdõoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
mäpv taa	mäpv at	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
äíIjÁŋfa	älkää olko äíIjÁŋfneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
 Ibŋžõä	 Ibŋžõältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
 üčasÁršfa	 üčasÁršfttu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
cxFŧyiúnen	cxFŧyiúsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
p ž üžIŧa	en p ž üžIŧsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
mbkÁža	mbkÁžaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
žxecŋáiúcõla	žxecŋáiúcõtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
 ühŋúđmáčõa	en  ühŋúđmáčõne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
őözÁöŧjčgä	őözÁöŧjčgien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdäžajvxRi	ette olleet tehneetžajvxRi	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
dIÁfslA,hda	olemme dIÁfslA,hneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
AéMpžn	AéMpžneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
adj éiÁfóa	lienet adj éiÁfónut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
-céűšyiä	-céűšyiä	V;NFIN;finnish
vš.,õa	ei vš.,õnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
fá õöúa	fá õöúa	V;NFIN;finnish
zwŋjžeerw'a	emme zwŋjžeerw'isi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
dbAMsoüRnen	dbAMsoüRselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ejIekwŧää	ejIekwŧää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ógđšti	ógđštiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
C m,,đa	olette C m,,đneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
maÁ.íđn	maÁ.íđn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
KFygéu	KFygéua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
rűú'é'čti	rűú'é'čein	N;INS;PL;finnish
csó,ni	csó,neitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
đd-éMixáo	đd-éMixáona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
,ómSAsa	ette olleet ,ómSAsneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
áfRzõa	älä ole áfRzõut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
dŋžkapázika	dŋžkapázjoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
nwöérfio	nwöérfiotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
MvSxoä	emme MvSxoneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ekzrR zúűüs	ekzrR zúűüksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
K.őM.tko	K.őM.toille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
óMžzmgőŧbda	emme óMžzmgőŧbneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŧspžsbčsjía	ŧspžsbčsjíana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ámgáőtää	ámgáőit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
ikéaÁvyys	ikéaÁvyyksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
anhčFsõŋ-Atyä	anhčFsõŋ-Ayttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
áríčöda	ei liene áríčötu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
R'Aülžv ,ŋti	R'Aülžv ,ŋissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
öÁ'ŋéŋ,ta	ovat öÁ'ŋéŋ,nneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
byMđca	lienemme byMđcneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
-öšsr gida	-öšsr gidana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ÁkCófpi	ÁkCófmalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
.ÁSjMlCä	.ÁSjMlCtty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
ŋrmsŋa	en ŋrmsŋnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Iy öddä	Iy öddä	V;NFIN;finnish
aužyütä	aužyüet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
sípluõktyda	eivät sípluõktysi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
A'őfőkű'ky	A'őfőkű'yltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
xáo,KäRo	xáo,KäRona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
AŋäläaKűf	AŋäläaKűfeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
fSmuúioÁci	fSmuúioÁceineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
gáuüyđiö	gáuüyđiöön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
büžzáóli	büžzáólein	N;INS;PL;finnish
dúIŧÁgsöűznen	dúIŧÁgsöűzsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
đánfäna	đánfänkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
főmíäčŧSa	főmíäčŧSaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
dM'äü'a	dM'äü'oin	N;INS;PL;finnish
đhfRMwika	đhfRMwjalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
íFšmxäoha	íFšmxäohalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
'vyčS a áŧn	'vyčS a áŧn	N;NOM;SG;finnish
KkhR ta	lienevät KkhR tneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
rnŋCti	rnŋCteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
õvőíls	õvőílksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Kozfbfvűpíi	Kozfbfvűpíilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
kŋo'üu,ü ta	älkäämme olko kŋo'üu,ü nneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
yMŧSkŋ.'ää	eivät yMŧSkŋ.'ä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
AízõfKKa	ei AízõfKKnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
Rfűrvi	Rfűrviksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
đšbűÁMata	đšbűÁMpasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
-Cü-wi őä	et liene -Cü-wi őyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
FđCvAprla	emme FđCvAprisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
iŋžoúežKüa	iŋžoúežKüttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
áms fv-ä ä	áms fv-ä käämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ájáIxšõnen	ájáIxšõsen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
.MõMŧyd,a	älä ole .MõMŧyd,nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
w''žŧiwd-nen	w''žŧiwd-sten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
u-béegÁnen	u-béegÁsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
õonáuowso	õonáuowso	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ždáSúcŧIa	olkoon ždáSúcŧInut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
zžx.šiiKõõta	zžx.šiiKõõnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
F,tóou	F,tóoulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Ci,ów ytaa	ei Ci,ów yettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
ypjíúsFÁcpi	ypjíúsFÁceitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
őžéulMa	őžéulMaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
KSeä,s	KSeä,s	N;ACC;SG;finnish
IčjKlápIüűs	IčjKlápIüűtena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
öCkígčuAráti	öCkígčuAráin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
wSÁ,.vwűáa	älkäämme wSÁ,.vwűáko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
u,bSSigtnctä	olin u,bSSigtncnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
žua eõáella	žua eõátelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
xM,aósnen	xM,aóssista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
bM.főkŧíIzda	älkööt olko bM.főkŧíIzneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
hó'čSön	hó'čStöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
dbíáofŧc,dä	älköön olko dbíáofŧc,nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
bőéóäSlFge	bőéóäSlFgeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ž-íedMhcxki	ž-íedMhcxeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
űuuü ka	olin űuuü kut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
s,hj-sde	s,hj-steesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ŋéfúáAŋKniä	eivät ŋéfúáAŋKnine	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
p ÁKSaa	on p ÁKSettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
piŧű Átää	piŧű Áetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
ű'š-zutáa	ű'š-zutáat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
Fűŧowto	Fűŧowolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
nSlpŧa	nSlpŧassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
aápwKűŧõda	aápwKűŧõkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
aotöyö-zeata	et aotöyö-zepaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
M ü.ŧCh,ío	M ü.ŧCh,íoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
b'íiíőŋCxŧlä	b'íiíőŋCxŧisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
hkđöma	hkđömilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
wKK ŧtta	en olisi wKK ŧtnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
íőzútofa	olimme íőzútofneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
žz iRõŧi'a	olisit žz iRõŧi'ut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
ó,hwžáüőtä	en ó,hwžáüőä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Ađiútta	ei olisi Ađiútnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
lt-ađõsőFŋa	lt-ađõsőFŋaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
,põkCü-nen	,põkCü-selle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
čsIžké.šti	čsIžké.šti	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
tÁähőčaCža	tÁähőčaCžaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
lxSđg'rpÁRpo	lxSđg'rpÁRoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ulőgávski	ulőgávsgin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
áÁKKeÁi	áÁKKeÁeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
IŋRhyda	ei olisi IŋRhytu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
jlúelSŧjwa	jlúelSŧjwttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
űšn. lAa	älkäämme űšn. lAko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
i šiKR-ofŋa	ette i šiKR-ofŋneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
byóđíäžda	lienette byóđíäžneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
xöKőckiä	xöKőcin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
žfeáđÁjšeža	emme olleet žfeáđÁjšežeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ktõAcjőida	ette ktõAcjői	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
iAŋnwrcMuda	iAŋnwrcMudatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Cjywutüdpi	Cjywutüdissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
 ŋíek'pSái	 ŋíek'pSáesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
wl éŋa	emme ole wl éŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
bAhkŧuICä	älkööt bAhkŧuICkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
xfIK-nv .uua	ei xfIK-nv .uu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
S,íšjčaba	älkää olko S,íšjčabneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
-čz'uIa	älkää -čz'uIko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
óőMmeiđöede	óőMmeiđöetein	N;INS;PL;finnish
 puüMűfí.ns	 puüMűfí.nksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
,ASI,ai	,ASI,aillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
pASA.Cu	pASA.Cuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
éhühőä	älkää olko éhühőneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
de õáüngéđnen	de õáüngéđsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
üđäklgokRge	üđäklgokRge	N;ACC;SG;finnish
zúőriiűki	zúőriiűeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
.mozoydä	eivät .mozoysi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
MjÁŧű.y ta	älkäämme olko MjÁŧű.y teet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
lhSKfhya	lhSKfhykoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
-MÁžhtfä	-MÁžhtfällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
mkS,eRöda	mkS,eRövat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
pmfdggxei	pmfdggxeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ubIdMC a	ubIdMC sitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
FnRššški	FnRššškien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
x ŧCcg. mpi	x ŧCcg. mman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
fújSgökfäta	eivät liene fújSgökfänneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
vzhrkyöti	vzhrkyöit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ŋöűChtä	olitte ŋöűChnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
dúCöxs	dúCöxksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
čFShyra	čFShyrille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
kxőÁ'tnä	kxőÁ'tnä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
.üaAIča	.üaAIča	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Srŧ 'yMmAn	Srŧ 'yMmAmmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
jRđk,xwíxMs	jRđk,xwíxMkselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
péuđtűcaizi	péuđtűcaizeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
Ikäd ža	Ikäd žoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
vdmkw.Kk'õda	olisi vdmkw.Kk'õnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
köčzéŧáIa	köčzéŧáIaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
dclmIlbnuda	älköön dclmIlbnuko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
-ž-jáMyrkya	en -ž-jáMyrkynut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
čruyíAöžŧi	čruyíAöžŧinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
vő üstua	vő üsduttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
íMüMAwdn	íMüMAwdn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
t-üée-tää	t-üée-än	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ažúšbcÁta	en olisi ažúšbcÁnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
IxŧziđRrAŋu	IxŧziđRrAŋuun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
CróéCŋrda	ei ole CróéCŋrnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
gdaif a	gdaif at	N;ACC;PL;finnish
õáíögaIa	olisi õáíögaInut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
b dRdx A,s	b dRdx A,ksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
lwghcMto	lwghcMnoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Mov -đÁŧi	Mov -đÁŧit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
uš,üőüglFpi	uš,üőüglFpein	N;INS;PL;finnish
.äčpšxöMa	.äčpšxöMoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
az.Ku-ŧäštaa	on az.Ku-ŧäšnettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
 fŋiMa	ei olisi  fŋiMnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
wCn.ŋkäSđa	olen wCn.ŋkäSđnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
uo uSfnen	uo uSfsesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
IAf,üái	IAf,üái	N;NOM;SG;finnish
vödŧFä	lienevät vödŧFeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
ggóŧoti	ggóŧoissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
SCFuC.ü own	SCFuC.ü own	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
MlxčIcwoa	MlxčIcwoatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
mäžžkõdä	olkaa mäžžkõneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ŋnŋS'iűrvda	olisi ŋnŋS'iűrvnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
ssSÁnú SS ta	ei ssSÁnú SS sut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
pŋ'yxfhcyta	pŋ'yxfhcyroissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
yamu a	eivät olisi yamu neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
čmžxíkaoö	čmžxíkaoöjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
éÁöS ö'tua	éÁöS ö'dutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
nűvmaRa	olisi nűvmaRttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
šŧg,fCtua	šŧg,fCnun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
še,uAzógói	še,uAzógóien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
yMslwa	yMslwassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
S'a,ŋfoä	S'a,ŋfoässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋCnufÁcxfki	ŋCnufÁcxfgein	N;INS;PL;finnish
üx xáöR,nen	üx xáöR,sissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
č Cyja	ei č Cyjttu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
ö-yaS,aíwä	ö-yaS,aíwältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
űIá,ó wŋa	ette űIá,ó wŋisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
Kötm úÁé'i	Kötm úÁé'ilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
áiKcl.'i	áiKcl.'ien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
öÁjčMRfu	öÁjčMRfuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Alpűja	Alpűjat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ei.tlIMwčä	ei.tlIMwčät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
djSÁÁŧüi	djSÁÁŧüein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
frumóS-fča	frumóS-fčiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
jymŋfjáojpa	et olisi jymŋfjáojpnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
ÁisáiúKa	emme ÁisáiúKne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
lKwáodyö	lKwáodöiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
oűSsúa	olkoon oűSsúnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
tómfa'úta	tómfa'únnee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
uun toda	uun tomme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
adšöAúfõa	olin adšöAúfõnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
.eé cRa	on .eé cRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
fóhómÁtä	fóhómÁsevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
kóõtjCőtyä	kóõtjCőnyttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
črnFeđa	ette črnFeđe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
áSygž,bŧőfa	áSygž,bŧőfat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ú,uIMčIda	olisimme ú,uIMčIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
xž mmaűotää	ei xž mmaűoetä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
RdA hžAAvs	RdA hžAAvksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
jzSCss	jzSCssta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
tzüüxŋe	tzüüxŋkeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
vú'cbuSőmi	vú'cbuSőmeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
zctIi,la	zctIi,tava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
MšdõMcra	MšdõMcrat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
SéCCűwđa	SéCCűwđalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
érmastaa	älköön olko érmasettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
rkáénM'o	rkáénM'oon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
áwu.wa	áwu.woista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
űAze,FeÁ.Co	űAze,FeÁ.Coista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
tühvžđőetä	tühvžđőkenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
őxFÁnõöšla	őxFÁnõöšlalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
tjFexha	älköön tjFexhtako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
áée'R'oä	áée'R'oöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
efyhžrjyíúe	efyhžrjyíúeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
Kmbpŧnen	Kmbpŧsesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
čédüxä	emme čédüxeet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
FőFpđpi	FőFpđpeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ađčeykšáíö	ađčeykšáíössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädääÁySmi	lienevät jääneetäÁySmi	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
t ,áSuää	ei liene t ,áSuetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
đtjxkóüla	on đtjxkóütu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
SŋAdFö-ščta	SŋAdFö-ščnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
.šcúSuta	olin .šcúSunnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
oöeeákFbia	et oöeeákFbine	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
útpšvóži	útpšvóžin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
úwaűŋüs	úwaűŋütena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
f 'žmüzv-li	f 'žmüzv-leistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
e nFŧja	e nFŧjoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
vűŋwAiä	et ollut vűŋwAinyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
 yypétä	emme olleet  yypénneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
pwtjdäita	älkää olko pwtjdäinneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
üxpnculúa	olkoon üxpnculúnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
jcnnS ju,,i	jcnnS ju,,eiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
eFõíe a	eFõíe ina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
gdčFáfCzeüda	gdčFáfCzeükaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
íäeávycnä	íäeávycniä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
žáŋűIA,Áfsku	žáŋűIA,Áfsuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
hč,ííčéFtaa	hč,ííčéFimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
AhI'snen	AhI'ssille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
űtKp zKmaua	emme űtKp zKmaune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ö ól.-uča	ö ól.-učoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
hg õmas	hg õmkaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
fIÁnzä	olkoon fIÁnznyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
leFCefšnen	leFCefšsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
K'xbimn	K'xbimn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
abMúéäđti	abMúéäđneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
eKawdähnen	eKawdähsiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ÁwAšäa	ÁwAšäisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
ö.őe,SšxRi	ö.őe,SšxRi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
 rčašőa	 rčašőoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
uwúféAŧxä	ette liene uwúféAŧxeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
CõšlKka	CõšlKat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
if.ŧ xunen	if.ŧ xusissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ápánucIa	ápánucIttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
C,tpcä	olin C,tpcnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
AőõSvÁghnen	AőõSvÁghsina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
l Iđü,Cmycpi	l Iđü,Cmycmissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
úgiRŧŋŋuoáä	en úgiRŧŋŋuoáisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
äkkSáoja	en liene äkkSáojnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
uMd.čmkwää	uMd.čmkwään	N;GEN;SG;finnish
úpáksoüön	úpáksoütömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
 b-ö'bKgÁwtaa	eivät  b-ö'bKgÁwa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
hemóóAdŋča	hemóóAdŋčisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
wmđäŧyőri	wmđäŧyőrinä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
üöevgkpylMa	üöevgkpylMisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
efAogé aa	efAogé aoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
pMéoégAafŋa	pMéoégAafŋatta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
aÁMősC Főhä	aÁMősC Főhällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋ cSFvž-Iáo	ŋ cSFvž-Iáoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ŋíbgKa	ŋíbgKoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
mdSúKÁűžIta	mdSúKÁűžItvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
šŋž .õMa	šŋž .õMista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
í,žr.aKčMSo	í,žr.aKčMSoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
jhán,čšao	jhán,čšao	N;NOM;SG;finnish
nóőKAáwjoa	olivat nóőKAáwjoneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
-üKmõMlta	olimme -üKmõMlnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
úíäđzáúšdä	úíäđzáúšnevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
főMkđüa	főMkđütakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
yz-õeÁúeŋö	yz-õeÁúeŋöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
MS -á-Áŋo	MS -á-Áŋoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
űbúKöv'ta	űbúKöv'ralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ouővÁbxznen	ouővÁbxzsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
óvmđeä	óvmđeä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
gSMeyú ővin	gSMeyú ővtimilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
aíösfcáflnen	aíösfcáflset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
a.scõFAa	ei a.scõFAtaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
SbzbŋíxFi	SbzbŋíxFia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
végFCCäŧa	végFCCäŧilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ŧlwöoafuAeet	ŧlwöoafuAeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
emeKõgőpbtä	ei ollut emeKõgőpbnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
đkí ŧ.ttkäs	đkí ŧ.ttkkäillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Fcvvwbta	Fcvvwbtalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
 šykeállä	ei ollut  šykeálty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
ücõaR.ac.s	ücõaR.ac.ksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
 õŧ'Föđtda	älkää olko  õŧ'Föđtneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
n-rűöí'jáityä	n-rűöí'jáilyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
ölÁámo	ölÁámoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
rsücápõi	rsücápõeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
prúR.ugkta	ei prúR.ugknnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
fúÁR i	fúÁR ein	N;INS;PL;finnish
s.á'sbMFtyä	on s.á'sbMFrytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
írŧhCe	írŧhCein	N;INS;PL;finnish
 hsiARdŋn	 hsiARdŋmmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
n, RSa	n, RSiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
lwhárrrhűga	ole lwhárrrhűgnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
bc-zmä	bc-zmnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
ŋnjŋóőCRnen	ŋnjŋóőCRset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
CzMcÁ-rpi	CzMcÁ-rmaksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
I,áiótsn mda	en I,áiótsn mne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
űiduiiúta	űiduiiúnnevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
CfKyhxs	CfKyhxksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
šMčsšŋIóIa	eivät olleet šMčsšŋIóIneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
kyaiüõunila	kyaiüõuniloihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
sđžsso	sđžssoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ÁFÁFldo zúon	ÁFÁFldo zútomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ŧÁlsätua	älä ŧÁlsädu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
úRrdäčxa	lienen úRrdäčxnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
šKwIoKži	šKwIoKžia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
áe,trwu	áe,trwuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
bKtwbö'clä	älköön olko bKtwbö'cty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
üőaauotkä	olen üőaauotknyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
riđoyúyođtaa	ei ole riđoyúyođettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
rSbvdyús	rSbvdyúksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
Ič-aSčIika	Ič-aSčIjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
Ažfí ŋAmygata	en Ažfí ŋAmygkaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
forčähyce	forčähyceelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
tdl läa	lienette tdl läneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
Iö-ŋztaa	ei ole Iö-ŋzdettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
g fIRy.ss	g fIRy.sksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
FICŧždagnen	FICŧždagsiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
aSCRíclkta	en ollut aSCRíclknnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
lžgžgíStää	ei liene lžgžgíSetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
ÁKIáčAíűüä	olkaamme ÁKIáčAíűüeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
kMMt'íéIöi	kMMt'íéIöina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
SCceaéRinen	SCceaéRisten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
xAgtC ošŧa	älä ole xAgtC ošŧnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
AIőlŋfčüa	AIőlŋfčüitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
t,.äha	t,.ähaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
sóÁčFy.lfCtä	en olisi sóÁčFy.lfCnnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
CI zS,Kklä	CI zS,Kki	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
 ssdtóKlä	en liene  ssdtóKlnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
Fyđkjó'Stää	lienee Fyđkjó'Setty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
-l'Iúp. i	-l'Iúp. eilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ÁüKh,m'äne	ÁüKh,m'äteen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
šá.aSéei	šá.aSéeenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
fKžfá-čAűFs	fKžfá-čAűFksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
íőúhüIlRä,e	íőúhüIlRä,eet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
IFlr.nMköza	IFlr.nMköztiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
hűhzúbdöä	hűhzúbdöillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
väAiéžyci	väAiéžycia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
 Cđx-urűli	 Cđx-urűlin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
'ÁKoKu	'ÁKoKuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
,úđ.rxta	,úđ.rxatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
üzüegs	üzüegs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
 žA,jpAuta	olimme  žA,jpAuseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŧ c čto	ŧ c čoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
űőŧéAi	űőŧéAillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
néišCbxaa	oli néišCbxettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
efúxčjđŋwda	olkoon efúxčjđŋwnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
clűkgÁeSbia	clűkgÁeSbiitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
-füázda	en -füázsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
tR'zveŧata	tR'zveŧtaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
rCé'jtűva	olitte rCé'jtűvneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
dčiŋóíkős	dčiŋóíkős	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Iüyacűcda	ei liene Iüyacűctu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
õSKRia	eivät liene õSKRineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
žrpaC.iiwlö	žrpaC.iiwlöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
-ugkKKto	-ugkKKoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
z.kaímRCnen	z.kaímRCsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
FAoaélCfsgta	en liene FAoaélCfsgnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
Kyzó čSpÁém	Kyzó čSpÁémiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
oIđMőfgta	älkäämme oIđMőfgko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
müóSA'őRr,a	en liene müóSA'őRr,nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
ööKŧC a	ööKŧC ana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
pRrso-Ađi	pRrso-Ađeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
,öó.õata	,öó.õtaisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
hyőwéŧtaa	oli hyőwéŧettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
hnžrđo	hnžrđot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
MeruóáCsés	MeruóáCséksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
úx.léŋri	úx.léŋrista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
éčonRajFuxti	éčonRajFuxeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
FőfKõSRö	FőfKõSRössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
u,lck'pjo	u,lck'pjo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
wvrižntä	emme wvrižnseet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
auSzIeáža	auSzIeážkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ŧAđMűxata	ŧAđMűxkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
oŧ öMi	oŧ öMeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
őđštzuđci	őđštzuđcittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
aCŋóóKä	on aCŋóóKnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
üoixäŋÁvrpä	üoixäŋÁvrästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
zűvópžIfä	ei zűvópžIfnyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
úkz'õta	úkz'õaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
ttSnu šjaa	ei ollut ttSnu šjettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
uApoFpo	uApoFossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
,cpMcžšuIúä	,cpMcžšuIúöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
asSMpbtMõta	olisimme asSMpbtMõnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
huž ca	huž cnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
ž ywfűi	ž ywfűien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
lFéčíi'árda	olisimme lFéčíi'árneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
áéwépdnxm	áéwépdnxmiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
fnéAäöCőčts	fnéAäöCőčtksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
 jewüáa	 jewüán	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
iFámméä	olisi iFámményt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
ošáőüöso.e	ošáőüöso.en	N;GEN;SG;finnish
áčfŧwIéčežtaa	älköön olko áčfŧwIéčežrettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
CoSflSža	CoSflSžissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
f nšcí rõnen	f nšcí rõsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
ógipj'ta	ei olisi ógipj'nnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
fzűjőSmđi	fzűjőSmđeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
zmuChn',a	zmuChn',aksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
oFMbohi	oFMbohista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
 Rúyuhsa	 Rúyuhsi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
'kFaKi	'kFaKetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
btRAfRŧüfda	ei btRAfRŧüfnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
SstgI'óűon	SstgI'óűtomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
I hi vžűa	emme liene I hi vžűneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
žúküxiAp.i	žúküxiAp.ein	N;INS;PL;finnish
öčgro,őüvi	öčgro,őüvi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
dCkáivvŋu	dCkáivvŋuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
yeóCAőžps	yeóCAőžpdeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
š-jIta	lienen š-jItut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
vdnvđa	olkoon vdnvđnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
íseöMhi	íseöMhilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
cöl.ej,da	eivät olisi cöl.ej,neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
uÁS.äviéAa	olemme uÁS.äviéAneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
RóMMzčÁs	RóMMzčÁksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
A  zAta	eivät olleet A  zAseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
épg äRonÁáa	épg äRonÁáa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
íú-ŋúka	íú-ŋúatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
õupAäõe	õupAäõkeitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
be,o oci	be,o ocia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
w,štüčpi	w,štüčilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Áwkpécŋaä	en Áwkpécŋanyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
élf xíőoo	élf xíőooja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Cx'ožmlŋuva	oli Cx'ožmlŋuvnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ypÁšaóuä	ypÁšaóuvä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
cfwkhä	cfwkhisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
efóoyfósžtaa	ei efóoyfósžettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
ŋ.ŧRxbä	ŋ.ŧRxbiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ánälRCŋÁi	ánälRCŋÁien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
,ŧvđfAŧäda	ette liene ,ŧvđfAŧäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
óhr,ŋčSi	óhr,ŋčSeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
õKdezySŧa	õKdezySŧisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
RüÁczwŋIta	ette RüÁczwŋIa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
IetSeä	IetSeään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ázúS,ŧdygyä	ette liene ázúS,ŧdygyneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
kdŋÁAžaűjnen	kdŋÁAžaűjsiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
őežaúö,öFe	őežaúö,öFteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
đhwš sAőMpde	đhwš sAőMpteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
nwüKtÁ a	nwüKtÁ alta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
űđksbMÁä	ei olisi űđksbMÁtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
nžSŧFá a	en liene nžSŧFá nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
phzexõrs	phzexõrkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ernhÁoÁSös	ernhÁoÁSöksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 űvžSta	 űvžSnisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
ŧ-äbbgtaa	ŧ-äbbgettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
xdon a	olkoon xdon tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
t.ađaöä	älköön t.ađaöttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaaíüorőb-i	olet antanutíüorőb-i	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
kwíöIžSFguta	kwíöIžSFguisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
opénŧka	opénŧiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
lxíreyKi	lxíreyKeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ŧ bä,šCőhit	ŧ bä,šCőheilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
.RíSCMŋta	olen .RíSCMŋnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
oÁŧ,šđäŧgxs	oÁŧ,šđäŧgxdetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
íöcbécswybs	íöcbécswybksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
khndnhrFCCs	khndnhrFCCs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ydhfűói	ydhfűóeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
u'fKR-wga	ei u'fKR-wgnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
wdtdÁys.i	wdtdÁys.in	N;GEN;SG;finnish
öjcvRhka	öjcvRhalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
 fbvylžydä	olisimme  fbvylžydneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
RlšIC,xőFi	RlšIC,xőFiksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
óŋüylššs	óŋüylššhittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
S.ő ,ä	S.ő ,ä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
-đctíčya	emme ole -đctíčyeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
čSežđáčwta	čSežđáčwnoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
õkFRvIji	õkFRvIjinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
KA'žomkhn	KA'žomkhmpien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
bdovA cuta	älkää olko bdovA cunneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
xűCéznen	xűCézselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
jKFŧdbđä	ole jKFŧdbđnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
cä.vnASgä	cä.vnASgä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
uxéxCmlä	uxéxCmlin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
šd-ültwínen	šd-ültwísta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
r,CÁüi	r,CÁüeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
m üöpcs	m üöpcksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
đö-eža	en ole đö-ežnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytääFhõFrnvki	ei ollut pyydettyFhõFrnvki	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
é,ŋsRuío	é,ŋsRuíossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
MFFyMčAőko	MFFyMčAőoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ásypCCrpói	ásypCCrpóein	N;INS;PL;finnish
denMnäoÁ.tää	et denMnäoÁ.ä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
eAõAóAüSMŧa	lienee eAõAóAüSMŧut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
,M.  úfakiä	emme ,M.  úfai	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
áfž.gä	áfž.gty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
ójüaÁbei	ójüaÁbeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
b- üpõFio	b- üpõFiolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Mŧ,ptrpma	Mŧ,ptrpsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
x,'k m	x,'k mi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
sézär  ŧúgm	sézär  ŧúgmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
,,űrI F äima	,,űrI F äisid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
tRŧõb đuxkama	olgu tRŧõb đuxatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
hMšCžm	hMšCžmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kÁčsõMeša	kÁčsõMešades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
eá,ömfmMa	eá,ömfmMa	V;NFIN;estonian
õkuŋaúäa	õkuŋaúäates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
vlčlf'äe	vlčlf'äed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
.FCbaxm	.FCbaxmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
FÁweRüzidma	ärgu olgu FÁweRüzidnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ÁúRFFža,.ma	ei ÁúRFFža,.tud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
búđRb Fne	búđRb Fstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
e'ŧMsüeer	e'ŧMsüeril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
doovšyäRúüma	doovšyäRúüame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
nvRmúčsne	nvRmúčsseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
a.vAo'ő-úma	a.vAo'ő-úsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
yij,űRr	yij,űRris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
RažRnFph As	RažRnFph As	N;NOM;SG;estonian
gjsžIntŧCnma	gjsžIntŧCntud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
 űđőpfFúčv	 űđőpfFúčvana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
tf Fđtđžka	tf Fđtđžkas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
 čõüúaer	 čõüúarisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
A'všüvnama	ära A'všüvna	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
KmccúRK yós	KmccúRK yóstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
Rtéckxõdíma	ei olnud Rtéckxõdítudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ä A da	ä A dateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
úűbéIm	úűbéImdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
K.mé-ítdčma	K.mé-ítdčti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
őüírrcđóma	őüírrcđótakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
zxófAšSŧhu	zxófAšSŧhus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
žrwdásó,ma	ärgu žrwdásó,ku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
zoxjk,hma	oli zoxjk,hdud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
šxcxA,l-gs	šxcxA,l-gsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
.c üI' va	.c üI' vale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
Ršgvžávičme	Ršgvžávičmedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
izf'ašema	oleksid izf'ašnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
 űgõŋfgčéõdama	 űgõŋfgčéõnaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
aáchAs	aáchAst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
yhšüden	yhšüdnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ŋRtdlcxwjn	ŋRtdlcxwjnid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
RšvztvyuCÁn	RšvztvyuCÁnasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
 zgügűžbK,v	 zgügűžbK,vasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ó KáÁm	ó KáÁmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
óöÁ eÁkőjma	ei óöÁ eÁkőjvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
blSkhdáőu	blSkhdáőutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
õIw-'šRCSzs	õIw-'šRCSzred	N;NOM;PL;estonian
áxdüxdImžma	áxdüxdImždav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
fbŧđšsn	fbŧđšsnile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
.Sđtđnäöbe	.Sđtđnäöbe	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ehRzűma	ehRzűb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
'ybKKulűí ma	'ybKKulűí tavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
RbŋžÁxjama	RbŋžÁxjaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
mulđFűxüüma	mulđFűxüüksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
xővekIőűma	ärgem xővekIőűkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
RõänäÁđÁžr	RõänäÁđÁžrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
 itelma	 iteltakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
, -.IvÁta	, -.IvÁtana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
yüFxŋŋv	yüFxŋŋvatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
uSegM yőtma	uSegM yődavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
őäIuđuen	őäIuđuenite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
.IsőđháIne	.IsőđháIsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
üjkpoáts	üjkpoátseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
bemhhŧüíma	bemhhŧüíad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
élyóRma	élyóRksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ŋdcőigk	ŋdcőigkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
íswsáöüMäma	ei olnud íswsáöüMäetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
đojhüma	đojhüsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
.MRjašma	olevat .MRjaštud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
 őo.Ms	 őo.Mstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ivđŧFe dóma	on ivđŧFe dónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ŧozčióma	ei olevat ŧozčiónudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
sFöŧnébpama	sFöŧnébaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ŧalCűöxdogs	ŧalCűöxdogstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
KxRönríu	KxRönríuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
äxűújéúr	äxűújéúrid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
žl,Fáma	oli žl,Fánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
t,ksŧma	t,ksŧksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
.kjuaAk	.kjuaAku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
MoRaSAta	MoRaSAte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
fúd.iäIn,šk	fúd.iäIn,škutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
v.tAvŋa	v.tAvŋatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
FlbőóőKčma	FlbőóőKčeksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
rpŋMC us	rpŋMC usele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ólzhSne	ólzhSseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
'öõ wír	'öõ wíri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
 čõoIxdma	ei olevat  čõoIxretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
-óúü i.Ku	-óúü i.Ku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
giMpwđIđMõr	giMpwđIđMõriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
đfrjúma	đfrjúaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
mAúmő Co'év	mAúmő Co'évad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
žžétóéRé s	žžétóéRé sena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ŧžymáMöyu	ŧžymáMöyuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ŧää- fšm	ŧää- fšmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
tfÁé'őõvs	tfÁé'őõvs	N;NOM;SG;estonian
őMŧ.xma	őMŧ.xtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
űhá.čs	űhá.čga	N;COM;SG;estonian
čÁv,lo.uma	olite čÁv,lo.unud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
mtiüouma	olin mtiüounud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
RižsKma	ei RižsKtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
éaíú,ma	éaíú,taks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
ŧcMb,õhsnŋma	oleksime ŧcMb,õhsnŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
use-íša	use-íšas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
äxúKúéžyma	olin äxúKúéžynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
Kgtü'sKüFMe	Kgtü'sKüFMedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
šSlfI'kalt	šSlfI'kaltuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
óIijhSma	óIijhSks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
žKrlukvmAŧer	žKrlukvmAŧritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
kđfÁűRma	oli kđfÁűRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
yõéčúK vaűk	yõéčúK vaűkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
őpüó ŧđőpi	őpüó ŧđőpi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
Sŧälõüema	Sŧälõüesite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
gFoéŋaeŧma	on gFoéŋaeŧtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
-eúwMäzrwzma	-eúwMäzrwzksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
kgAcvórner	kgAcvórdrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
tsjtStzču	tsjtStzčudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
i-Kmgma	ei i-Kmgvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
'mcŧÁšjüdu	'mcŧÁšjüduga	N;COM;SG;estonian
rssődScoma	rssődScoan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
öaéúsnšbu	öaéúsnšbuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
'-wŧtedIma	'-wŧtedIsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
eSin'bjüffne	eSin'bjüffsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
ŧ-fđéčbűŋk	ŧ-fđéčbűŋkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ézwđRkama	oleme ézwđRanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
brCõđdús	brCõđdústest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
xmA isákÁr	xmA isákÁriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
äőjč,ga	äőjč,ga	N;PRT;SG;estonian
üétáŧaáSđu	üétáŧaáSđuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
fpöböš sđel	fpöböš sđlatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
wI Scjama	ära wI Scja	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
nÁiíŧhöaa	nÁiíŧhöaa	V;NFIN;estonian
fMKmí-eówik	fMKmí-eówiku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
'círÁÁöAma	ärgu 'círÁÁöAku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
SAsoIytma	ei SAsoIya	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
nu,k.Kzbd	nu,k.Kzbdast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Átõf'đüma	Átõf'đügu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
dxbŋwRkvma	olete dxbŋwRkvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
I hÁ fjuhhma	ei I hÁ fjuhhtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
IÁMüđComa	oleksid IÁMüđConud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
Á.ppgoRcvzma	ärgu Á.ppgoRcvzgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ü'žébäímärma	ü'žébäímärnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
 űtr ogma	 űtr ogks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
f-õwŋhCxésr	f-õwŋhCxésrita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ŧÁáóđrFma	olid ŧÁáóđrFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
MCcpõŋIma	ei olevat MCcpõŋInudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
lfnp'wúeežr	lfnp'wúeežrtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
-õmáims	-õmáimks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Cnüzzgema	Cnüzzete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Áyó ršŋkoõma	Áyó ršŋkoõtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
én.öa. ma	én.öa. ksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
SbűpđúCe	SbűpđúCetel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
őžŧöžÁüma	őžŧöžÁüvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
äéđpC.á,Kl	äéđpC.á,Klile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
xúMsA-óvma	oleme xúMsA-óvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
yčohC bős	yčohC bősteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
oCšCKup.čma	oCšCKup.čtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ŋm xžuom	ŋm xžuomdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
öih'űn	öih'űnites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
f jodm	f jodmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
hjübg,u	hjübg,uni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
'  Cxma	ei olnud '  Cxnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
.bŋäts	.bŋätsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
jóŋŧvšdtm	jóŋŧvšdtmitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
gšõkSssŧxIkima	gšõkSssŧxIgiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ÁõiC'űAne	ÁõiC'űAsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
AÁhélu	AÁhéluna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
su.áCcvagugi	.áCcvagugoega	N;COM;SG;estonian
--i bvüMlmm	--i bvüMlmmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
giyygwŋnCs	giyygwŋnCst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
őpv-lőüma	olin őpv-lőünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
bžčŧkMs	bžčŧkMt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
-Ašöwbcbma	-Ašöwbcbvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
špárubku	špárubkuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
tóŧőÁKr	tóŧőÁKritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
Ktkdwde,u	Ktkdwde,udeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
wđFv,FšFma	ärgu olgu wđFv,FšFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
éó'Ayskör	éó'Ayskördeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
w Áv.fír	w Áv.fíriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Ánŋ d,Cma	ei Ánŋ d,Cvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
šfy' kfóžöv	šfy' kfóžövas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
šó-ágcgläne	šó-ágcglästest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
óAöFgCma	óAöFgCev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
 Stŋnohpma	ärgu olgu  Stŋnohpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
üx šő'mčxom	üx šő'mčxomiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
bCAŋyeűŧCŧl	bCAŋyeűŧCŧlid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
vőžđaÁs	vőžđaÁse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
zÁl'cMbbma	olete zÁl'cMbbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
SoSöžn	SoSöžnast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
awCaÁošama	ärgu owCaÁošu alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
FRé,mk	FRé,mkuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
aoeűőgoIgm	aoeűőgoIgmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ÁRKrCŧóSür	ÁRKrCŧóSürini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
,,xwjűma	olin ,,xwjűnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
Cd.A zne	Cd.A zsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
ŧj Krn ak	ŧj Krn akuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
 ,t's,ma	ei ole  ,t's,tudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
wKppx.äbõsma	olevat wKppx.äbõstud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
aűRígg ma	aűRígg v	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
Áőfžŧ-uoudama	Áőfžŧ-uoujatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
kyoe's	kyoe'selt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Kŧősz-s	Kŧősz-stelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
AMxéjóőma	AMxéjóőksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
öpöíoo	öpöíoole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
FS bI ís	FS bI ís	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ä.zóyeúŋacma	ä.zóyeúŋacs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ŧAyyšxma	ei olevat ŧAyyšxtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
dűKayma	ei olnud dűKaynudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
SCl ,Kma	SCl ,Kvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Kŋ-ÁvA.zõ'r	Kŋ-ÁvA.zõ'r	N;NOM;SG;estonian
fuáäKw.tkima	ei oleks fuáäKw.titudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
öcAwcwdáa	öcAwcwdáa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
íC'č -űčar	íC'č -űčrast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
hčÁmašyer	hčÁmašyrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
xčgi,Kõi	xčgi,Kõi	N;NOM;SG;estonian
nŧušlaóma	nŧušlaógu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
cAkwÁFama	ära cAkwÁFa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
FjíäMäK-šzu	FjíäMäK-šzudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
äSüycg.ver	äSüycg.vrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
nwjäöaŋrÁm	nwjäöaŋrÁmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ŋ g-weõma	oled ŋ g-weõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
vMnabaÁma	ei ole vMnabaÁtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
rvöAwáfroma	ärgu rvöAwáfrogu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
nj i,édma	ei olnud nj i,édtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
aobepčűrt	aobepčűrtuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
žAAóól	žAAóólatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ySKäđ rhzRma	on ySKäđ rhzRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
 švsőűs	 švsőűstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
äõtgelŧgmma	äõtgelŧgmnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
ŧ,fb -éd, äma	ŧ,fb -éd, id	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
öia--šu	öia--šudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
IrKčüFAma	on IrKčüFAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
oCzŋyvma	oCzŋyvsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
űókõvtma	ärgu olgu űókõvdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
pw-őcfi	pw-őcfiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
FípépyFkys	FípépyFkyst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
hKažau	hKažault	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
lčúdAšwe	lčúdAšwesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ávItűmok	ávItűmokuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Áwsűfima	ei Áwsűfi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
úšős,tcCu	úšős,tcCusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
SbgrRőcjma	olevat SbgrRőcjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
Á aúõoMCws	Á aúõoMCwstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Mu mRa	Mu mRa	N;GEN;SG;estonian
kí Fiéb e	kí Fiéb e	N;ACC;SG;estonian
éIršRčm	éIršRčmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
rúüíIs	rúüíIstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
yFšíÁdma	ärgu olgu yFšíÁdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
a wőyŋš,ne	a wőyŋš,seks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Fbóŧđe	Fbóŧđedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
p .MFjma	p .MFjksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
Sgoksu	Sgoksudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ckzFőäm	ckzFőämid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
oŧúCCpzwe ma	oli oŧúCCpzwe tud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
 űpvvn	 űpvvnisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
áyč vüuma	on áyč vüudud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
úöŧIf-đúFőer	úöŧIf-đúFőtratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
žhóä,hõIAn	žhóä,hõIAnates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
wöy-rvSéma	oleksite wöy-rvSénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
fRééö'ŋsi	fRééö'ŋelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ö.óxtK-sjgema	ärgu ö.óxtK-sjhku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
yáK, õuma	olite yáK, õunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
čŧwAíõvRzav	čŧwAíõvRzavast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
rKsjfÁma	rKsjfÁnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
kéöéA üčbŋma	oleme kéöéA üčbŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
hžrččRima	olevat hžrččRitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
KAbbudAőjma	ärge KAbbudAőjke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ízóaő.,.a	ízóaő.,.ateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
š-ő,žRgma	olen š-ő,žRgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
žéäÁam	žéäÁamid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
aačp,er	aačp,rini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
'õukyAma	'õukyAtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
cuCšFCma	olgu cuCšFCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
MoSžuma	oli MoSžutud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
jđjŋvAõűaima	jđjŋvAõűaisid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
uRAŋx Fas	uRAŋx Ftast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
goóžCbšma	goóžCbštud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
šuhčbKdga	šuhčbKdgadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
äd'trma	on äd'trtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
vpűía'äybwma	ei ole vpűía'äybwnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
RiápÁzm,xcma	oleksite RiápÁzm,xcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
óbsõtk	óbsõtke	N;GEN;PL;estonian
yCIRlma	yCIRln	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
đCur.Köene	đCur.Köesteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
horhõőetvpma	ärgu olgu horhõőetvpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ídivüóyAdma	ídivüóyAaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
,íoéwICđSp	,íoéwICđSpid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
rAeeICne	rAeeICseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
dhcKékma	dhcKékgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
žđyčdvma	oleksin žđyčdvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
döKkbŧwma	döKkbŧwis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
jšŧMnma	jšŧMnvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
rű-,eRs	rű-,eRste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
kewnlwÁma	kewnlwÁsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
jőwp  đKžk	jőwp  đKžkutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
jcúaúózhe	jcúaúózhedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
imgüeŧack	imgüeŧackule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
bűólláeúäma	ei olnud bűólláeúätudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
jtöMzhűSne	jtöMzhűSstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
f'iiđ,bűne	f'iiđ,bűstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
óS'wIdkűk	óS'wIdkűkuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
žõySfne	žõySfsi	N;PRT;PL;estonian
rKuxŧne	rKuxŧst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
gScFzi.s	gScFzi.stel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
 uénŋlŧ ma	olgu  uénŋlŧ nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
žS'ügüóer	žS'ügüórites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
lüočäSfiuu	lüočäSfiuudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
éfC'pwõŧóűa	éfC'pwõŧóűateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
űyőcgdšwgAne	űyőcgdšwgAstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
kM. une	kM. ustele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ŧõeőŧujne	ŧõeőŧujsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
éõrš,m	éõrš,mdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
,-đéŋma	,-đéŋtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ckKShŋe	ckKShŋesel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
gűč,ráđšäéi	gűč,ráđšäéi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
IáópMőnmma	olgu IáópMőnmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
úõäA'őm	úõäA'őmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
úAISűk,i	úAISűk,ide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
íÁcaKnma	olid íÁcaKnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
KSwšfgCeyäma	KSwšfgCeyäaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
m žžpma	ei olevat m žžpnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
cKpŋoks	cKpŋokteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
,CCyŋüma	,CCyŋün	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
äKs,ua- íma	äKs,ua- íd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
bbeéühKma	ei olevat bbeéühKnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
á'eürma	on á'eürtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ŧzdM űoma	ärgu ŧzdM űotagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
éoFt.ezmfÁs	éoFt.ezmfÁsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
đőrbMűön	đőrbMűönilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Cc kvÁs.kvm	Cc kvÁs.kvmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
FšbxaÁák	FšbxaÁákut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
,Ázfxgsa	alu,Ázfxgsasid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
hml,bSa	hml,bSad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
tnüébäö	tnüébäödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
üšIA'ű jžjm	üšIA'ű jžjmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
oõíŧíR,šma	oled oõíŧíR,šnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
šžöiepuma	šžöieutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
iü,zoođkmv	iü,zoođkmvalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ú,fõ,íma	ú,fõ,íke	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
éécüÁčžšma	éécüÁčžšavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ASRzja	ASRzjadesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ódđaaŋužp ma	ei olevat ódđaaŋužp nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
yyA'čalcma	yyA'čalcsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
r-őryúrs	r-őryúrsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
lčpwtFoõbn	lčpwtFoõbnani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
tŋ đgyđm	tŋ đgyđmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
zSmdwaSMema	ei ole zSmdwaSMnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
öžeCkämma	ärgu olgu öžeCkämtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
g čy ézóSŧma	g čy ézóSŧkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
üefÁteunsfm	üefÁteunsfmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
fóhóö.nfeu	fóhóö.nfeud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
.žyär'ms	.žyär'mstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
eígõÁCé,wfma	eígõÁCé,wfn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
iogMhőđASi	iogMhőđASini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
Mŋíáhéshu	Mŋíáhéshus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ätáõzsms	ätáõzsmssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
üIríóne	üIríóstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
đtđMáma	olete đtđMánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
űímspn.a	űímspn.aga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Róóásgtama	ei Róóásg 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
i ččšhrtőđma	i ččšhrtőđsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
tMtkőón	tMtkőóneid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
lkstsnCRőlma	ärgu olgu lkstsnCRőlnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
oŋS'čMéeis	oŋS'čMéekil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
đC õhűu	đC õhűu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
bi'Fuökma	ärgu olgu bi'Fuöknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
eFsõkÁKIxđma	olgu eFsõkÁKIxđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
gg gCKm	gg gCKmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
fébF'slatama	fébF'sladake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
yi yiöjk	yi yiöjku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ünöütma	ei oleks ünöütnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
uzóbfo,Kjhma	olete uzóbfo,Kjhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
R'FzIiühÁs	R'FzIiühÁstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
cwoš,kđtima	ei cwoš,kđitud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
uS'ŋdma	oleksime uS'ŋdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
wyRalvdama	wyRalvda	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
-čõr đanoma	-čõr đanosin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ö-ú--pima	ära ö-ú--i	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
x RjfKfõa	x RjfKfõaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
á,gŋMgema	ei á,gŋMhta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
 š,őfK Aím	 š,őfK Aímdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ž,uxaö	ž,uxaö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
'äúõpazÁäfma	ärgu olgu 'äúõpazÁäfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
SgbKšÁküér	SgbKšÁküér	N;NOM;SG;estonian
lúÁluű-ta	lúÁluű-tata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
votkümdnítn	votkümdnítnil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
wIKpúf'õma	ärgu wIKpúf'õtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
sőpu-gcđIm	sőpu-gcđImdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
čdučŧšešma	oleksin čdučŧšešnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
iröččCam	iröččCamdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
óŧbvíma	óŧbvíks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
 óA.M xöÁze	 óA.M xöÁze	N;NOM;SG;estonian
uIlSts	uIlStsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
 eíbSžema	 eíbSždaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
 ÁrFjs	 ÁrFjse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ráüõiúrägúu	ráüõiúrägúu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
IRKbőđAr'ŧm	IRKbőđAr'ŧmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ŧűŋõAznyÁma	ei ole ŧűŋõAznyÁnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
tbázn'cIšŧm	tbázn'cIšŧmitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
hóđubrFréjma	ei hóđubrFréjtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
' modFiduma	' modFeob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
 yp-vdču	 yp-vdčud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
afCõ ma	afCõ sime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
äű,pŧčiMđ r	äű,pŧčiMđ riga	N;COM;SG;estonian
kMžčvfjCõfma	ei kMžčvfjCõftavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
Ábe ŧđtma	olevat Ábe ŧđetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
woúõCks	woúõCkstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
rmd Iičxőn	rmd Iičxőnid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
xxűnõma	ei xxűnõta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
óecsIöne	óecsIöstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ahíč,u	ahíč,ud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
oghRđžzžne	oghRđžzžsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
jnyslma	on jnyslnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
-íõSŋFäiRma	oleksime -íõSŋFäiRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
bih'őä v	bih'őä vatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
úíčpSygama	úíčpSyatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
FőjžbžIma	oleme FőjžbžInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ŧkőw'oma	oleme ŧkőw'onud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
.AFúlmRmm	.AFúlmRmmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
dócőA's	dócőA'stele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
jŋäókpkõ.i	jŋäókpkõ.ideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
h-éűwökK-m	h-éűwökK-me	N;PRT;PL;estonian
doä-Rma	doä-Raks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
 MySoju	 MySojudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ošFAyma	ošFAyv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
páAFípjrr	páAFípjrris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
íFóiMm	íFóiMmdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
äIčđbSCjbŋma	äIčđbSCjbŋn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Rnükđüõv	Rnükđüõvate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Mgirxol	Mgirxoleid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
šüŋI cárRda	šüŋI cárRjal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
zäCywtma	ei olnud zäCywtnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
úSoídšma	úSoídšnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
õuűőnFInmma	ei olnud õuűőnFInmnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
smIđgtenó k	smIđgtenó kutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
tSMSx-tK.ma	ärgu olgu tSMSx-tK.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
űcéürmn dm	űcéürmn dmita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
kä  ŋnóŋlema	kä  ŋnóŋn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
páaf üát-cur	páaf üát-cru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
főŧ-zđ kwma	oleme főŧ-zđ kwnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
fä mhöer	fä mhöriks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
őüőakeáűi,u	őüőakeáűi,ule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
iõbűíímma	ärgu olgu iõbűíímtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
r.mäűszäma	oleksin r.mäűszänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
bmRMđm	bmRMđme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
Áŧcfhúeärze	Áŧcfhúeärzedeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ŧčghlv	ŧčghlvateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
cRóÁ,mtma	cRóÁ,mdaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
dMuÁÁFžema	oleksin dMuÁÁFženud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
í gvš-zer	í gvš-zrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
hz,méž sűma	hz,méž sűksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
zanxõu	zanxõudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ohau-ma	ohau-te	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
xnbcpIkmša	xnbcpIkmšates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
dhöpueürma	oleksite dhöpueürnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
cőgKImérrKne	cőgKImérrKses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
bRpMžma	bRpMžtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
 Rdw đu	 Rdw đuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
éAlšyó ma	éAlšyó ks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
kSzu.Ke	kSzu.Kedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
fxjwhnŋaer	fxjwhnŋarist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
wl--íIkekama	wl--íIkeake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
eÁí žűma	ärgu eÁí žűgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
t upróõma	oleme t upróõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
éäaőujzŋ,s	éäaőujzŋ,stes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
önŋx.őčsma	olid önŋx.őčsnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
őéűá,rŧv	őéűá,rŧva	N;ACC;SG;estonian
 Cbcöík	 Cbcöíkuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ŧŋwcóvžk	ŧŋwcóvžku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
 Iáéhoplmóu	 Iáéhoplmóudega	N;COM;PL;estonian
kSm'vóFFzma	kSm'vóFFzsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
KŧeusR ,r	KŧeusR ,riteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
 őCíkmps	 őCíkmpste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
SäđAgweia	SäđAgweiatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
lylwri	lylwrve	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
šÁxMoxse	šÁxMoxsede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
,fnöFs	,fnöFstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
číúŧdma	ei oleks číúŧdtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
CKRljsMögel	CKRljsMöglina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
áűslwčžma	áűslwčžnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
aczŧáöb.xSma	ärgem aczŧáöb.xSgem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
jočđSxíéama	jočđSxíéaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
öíóhCso	öíóhCsole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
pFbžk-hí-hi	pFbžk-hí-hina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
códúlwár	códúlwáritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
úzvb- Cö-Iu	úzvb- Cö-Iudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
áõsygöaŋma	oleme áõsygöaŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Myérjne	Myérjseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
CSRröčbšu	CSRröčbšutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
piré,frredama	piré,frrenakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
.óđIvüóyhr	.óđIvüóyhrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
főkKplpe	főkKplpetega	N;COM;PL;estonian
.óhpől	.óhpőlis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
vaűõőc õíma	vaűõőc õínud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
xeväÁtama	ei ole xeväÁdanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
oyKáoAMRnel	oyKáoAMRdlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
'ä-ifahoó,er	'ä-ifahoó,traid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
nžarSel	nžarSliteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
kFAjšIüSu	kFAjšIüSul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
õiMđ-m	õiMđ-mi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
aré-béuvK,ma	aré-béuvK,tud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
yémwkö	yémwködena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
íI,xümps	íI,xümpsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ÁpMžirima	ei ÁpMžiritaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
p-ppyŋíjs	p-ppyŋíjstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
sűF bvdma	sűF bvne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
lbcwđwCnőgs	lbcwđwCnőgst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ruKáŧndlema	ei oleks ruKáŧneldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŋáõjMma	ŋáõjMkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
esáaS.ő k	esáaS.ő ku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
,úIuíäCCma	olete ,úIuíäCCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
näőeRnrčxcma	ärőeRnrčxc nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
dkd-äa	dkd-äa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
úűz.,éma	ei úűz.,évat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
öoRrR u	öoRrR udeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
SéočFáF.xer	SéočFáF.xrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
dKíõíIne	dKíõíIstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
žmõű.wns	žmõű.wnstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
xáK.'jšÁs	xáK.'jšÁsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
,gsSččpIr	,gsSččpIrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
aFCzSõóua	aFCzSõóuateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ÁmxaeáSa	ÁmxaeáSa	N;ACC;SG;estonian
-IđARegöma	ei -IđARegöta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
kéšeksŧma	ära kéšeksŧe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
íwÁrRwaŋm	íwÁrRwaŋmina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
étiű.ŋ,F,s	étiű.ŋ,F,sel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ű'fžm,őnée	ű'fžm,őnéedena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
íyoöžucma	oli íyoöžuctud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
c,.öír.mma	c,.öír.meksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
šíiRtSwSma	šíiRtSwStagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
sgŋMõtüxŧhm	sgŋMõtüxŧhmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
 Müžä.éne	 Müžä.énest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
mám.ŧ,űüág nema	läksám.ŧ,űüág te	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
vđ'Sx,ma	ärgu vđ'Sx,gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
lžžAz'ma	ei lžžAz'taks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
k,óűđmsr	k,óűđmsr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
v.ÁpfÁxžFäma	v.ÁpfÁxžFän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
üjšAähŧkFs	üjšAähŧkFsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
-šxőlúúl	-šxőlúúliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
Cesjőhŧten	aknCesjőhŧts	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
žcs.aäma	olevat žcs.aätud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ótéwfõáyŋxm	ótéwfõáyŋxmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
R'üŧvošfm	R'üŧvošfmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
űbv rl r	űbv rl rid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
snnŧyzŧržŋer	snnŧyzŧržŋtrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
uhőjCR Sčer	uhőjCR Sčrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
úõo,ő dcma	úõo,ő dcvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
zmfúűfaama	ei zmfúűfaatud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
AziíMAš m	AziíMAš mdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
cčAzÁéma	cčAzÁén	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
õléévuKäi	õléévuKäid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ŧmc íc-č-ík	ŧmc íc-č-íkutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
 dncyR.Fdma	 dncyR.Fetaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
iŧm,gű  e	iŧm,gű  edaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
cM čKixu	cM čKixuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
žmŧuKšane	žmŧuKšasele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
pzpőcdu	pzpőcduga	N;COM;SG;estonian
űCyMäKCIker	űCyMäKCIkriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ŋaóRa,Mtma	ŋaóRa,Mdate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
űžmAmer	űžmAmrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Ržítž.öó a	Ržítž.öó a	N;NOM;SG;estonian
g nxÁážtfbma	ei ole g nxÁážtfbtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
Mčfxoíűznll	Mčfxoíűznllast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ädpÁIema	ädpÁIete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
FSžéxjoxr	FSžéxjoxritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
SüŧfŧaeMõžl	SüŧfŧaeMõžlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
 cnkKoSSl	 cnkKoSSlita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
 I,MFőoSm	 I,MFőoSmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
f  ukm	f  ukmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kőósúŋ-'ípama	oli kőósúŋ-'íatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
fReŋf.er	fReŋf.rit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
všák kama	oleksite všák anud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
éóőCÁMma	ärgu olgu éóőCÁMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
nSóõémtuzl	nSóõémtuzli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
oušó ma	oleksin oušó nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
gio.eéöűdima	gio.eéöűnitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
íúM žomév	íúM žomévani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
oäüF kClma	oäüF kClks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
žljeašzvtama	ei olnud žljeašzvdanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
čoet,Crm a	čoet,Crm adest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
 ,jkSCáne	 ,jkSCástena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
cydűeer	cydűerile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
lő u ma	olin lő u nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
 azéšim	 azéšimdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
'Rpűhúkgzbma	ärgu olgu 'Rpűhúkgzbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
Ačmtöxm s	Ačmtöxm sele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
.KhAkrúbwös	.KhAkrúbwösest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
iFrÁdäüzxts	iFrÁdäüzxttest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ö,'t-dma	ö,'t-aksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
uew,M õma	ärgu olgu uew,M õnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
faprrlúxče	faprrlúxčed	N;PRT;SG;estonian
'eA'šžäpüča	'eA'šžäpüčadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
-'eõfowma	oli -'eõfowetud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
Mčšõkdí-éma	Mčšõkdí-étud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
ŋkkuIIxMeu	ŋkkuIIxMeu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
lM hMeó svma	ei olevat lM hMeó svnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
š -ŋ,loypűk	š -ŋ,loypűkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
íCdt,öŋima	oleksime íCdt,öŋinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
sečéjütma	ei olevat sečéjüetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
Ryšoäŋema	ärge Ryšoäŋge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
aŧááúCvmma	ei oleks aŧááúCvmnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
đIli.fdAn	đIli.fdAndest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
úkÁuIine	úkÁuIised	N;ACC;PL;estonian
.cűwäđcúk	.cűwäđcúkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
'vámäbfŋokma	'vámäbfŋokdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
 õxK. m	 õxK. mid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ípIžä'íõ-m	ípIžä'íõ-mdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
đuúéčKne	đuúéčKstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ä,beadma	ä,beadvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
kiu' ma	kiu' d	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
zőčbnűv.i ne	zőčbnűv.i stest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
wózFŋúv	wózFŋúvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
õfxžkAjäk	õfxžkAjäkult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
õx tžmMéma	olin õx tžmMénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ymm yfnzíCma	ärgem ymm yfnzíCkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
agdMMma	oleksin agdMMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
fgI ns	fgI nsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
íčűrutne	íčűrutste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
'voŋ-Aeä l	'voŋ-Aeä lite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
'rhdjäüõma	olevat 'rhdjäüõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
mőRőcž,íma	mőRőcž,íge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
KxCg'őóxčbe	KxCg'őóxčpega	N;COM;SG;estonian
cécfedn	cécfednina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
yRúvđétm	yRúvđétmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
fébcrk	fébcrkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
hűdRwžkama	ärgem hűdRwžakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
A.zCéčéíma	oleks A.zCéčéítud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
Sfõŋgmr	Sfõŋgmrdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
baFAűt	baFAűtut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
atöxšűMli	atöxšűMliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
nszőxm	nszőxmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
.xõő.a	.xõő.ates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
pi-nycäjne	pi-nycäjst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
fÁnKSba	fÁnKSbateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
f.šAčma	ärgu olgu f.šAčnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
gčsđúpyrŧm	gčsđúpyrŧmil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
yő..hxma	yő..hxtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
pFy-Rgäma	olite pFy-Rgänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
fõő übčhRma	oleks fõő übčhRetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
őäűúöačhma	őäűúöačhd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
fAéC-pjka	fAéC-pjkad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
 A-kcáCü-Áama	ära  A-kcáCü-Áa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
FKefšnóõdts	FKefšnóõdtseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ŋa.õzyk	ŋa.õzykul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ŋz'űäűna	ŋz'űäűna	V;NFIN;estonian
CmíŧCma	ei oleks CmíŧCnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
Fhru'Saüwk	Fhru'Saüwkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
b žurzkvte	b žurzkvtede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ŋSAKcäjusma	ŋSAKcäjusku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
Fbtŋner	Fbtŋnrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
stebKŋAéhma	oleksite stebKŋAéhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
íčonúS .s	íčonúS .ste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
tA.žzáõu	tA.žzáõuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
 ŋxyAr	 ŋxyArile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
,žMsakkas	,žMsakk	N;NOM;SG;estonian
p IxR-ű,s	p IxR-ű,d	N;ACC;PL;estonian
óđáäábama	olgu óđáäámanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
ÁrMl-íűáa	ÁrMl-íűáalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Fdííäs	Fdííästega	N;COM;PL;estonian
éAdŧčeKwa	éAdŧčeKwadeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
éõw-- űtü	éõw-- űtüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
šKbanma	on šKbannud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
vxkxzmuúígm	vxkxzmuúígmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
čđözüzšõma	ei čđözüzšõta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
đdóöél	đdóöéli	N;GEN;SG;estonian
õ-yú u	õ-yú u	N;ACC;SG;estonian
.aIf Aéma	.aIf Aétakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
áevsŧm	áevsŧm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
äKníAmIoi	äKníAmIoide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ádšüsäáÁöu	ádšüsäáÁöude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
õCwčwrŧouba	õCwčwrŧooalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ÁúäÁcu	ÁúäÁcu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
lŋ ŧ-Adŋn ma	lŋ ŧ-Adŋn kem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
dkfmšnv	dkfmšnvatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
SdI'vcnhjós	SdI'vcnhjóse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
C.KsIzKCdk	C.KsIzKCdkutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
.vI čiu'včp	.vI čiu'včpite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
pvőpú.ujäkama	pvőpú.ujäaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
 Áa-áwta	 Áa-áwtast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Cu áRk--egima	Cu áRk--eitav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
võ déaŋäžma	ei olevat võ déaŋäžtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
űi'FűűűFõóma	oleksin űi'FűűűFõónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
šŧk,föÁrdéema	ei olevat šŧk,föÁrdénudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
-úžgmyššpne	-úžgmyššpsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
wR-luöyma	wR-luöysime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ááhžxn	ááhžxni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
évAncés	évAncéses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
rŋđwčÁr	rŋđwčÁritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
pí.lwlgema	pí.lwlhtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
íűAždjma	íűAždjvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
rAácuma	rAácusid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
óC wđtmRa ma	óC wđtmRa v	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
atrajöpma	oleme atrajöpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ű''ž kima	oli ű''ž itud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ŧaznIföoik	ŧaznIföoikesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ufÁxkRŋne	ufÁxkRŋstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
õõšováxoa	õõšováxoaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
kRp'áSA m	kRp'áSA miks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
nnxvxuKgema	nnxvxuKete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ščgžrówčfma	ščgžrówčfksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
üŋóc,ma	ei üŋóc,ta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
nfčwíFfmlm	nfčwíFfmlmist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
á b czAvma	á b czAvte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
eeikcu	eeikcudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
žóuSSn	žóuSSnit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ü'Ámuoyk	ü'Ámuoykule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
p übbójčsma	on p übbójčsnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
í'AčambKđlm	í'AčambKđlmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
úõ đ žébIü	úõ đ žébIüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
aáúvúzzžárma	ärgu aáúvúzzžárgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
MAtRőcoróđm	MAtRőcoróđmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ŧhIöutsž.űm	ŧhIöutsž.űmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
zgyóIŋŧma	olite zgyóIŋŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
,aCsdva	,aCsdva	V;NFIN;estonian
nčÁíš zIcma	nčÁíš zIctav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
KÁK.-Á'xr	KÁK.-Á'xrtes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
čuvAái	čuvAáist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
áüAI,óFõma	olevat áüAI,óFõtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
rpeb.jšőéma	rpeb.jšőév	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
űőéwusCI-lema	olite űőéwusCI-lnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 hšlž.er	 hšlž.riteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
čö Rjsöaema	čö Rjsöagu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
 óxí'ír	 óxí'ír	N;NOM;SG;estonian
íévíüs	íévíüsse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧlüdmCa	ŧlüdmCad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ŧrxeikőCKs	ŧrxeikőCKt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
wzgx'Ks	wzgx'Ksed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
gnAŧžúmne	gnAŧžúmstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
úíemygüđu	úíemygüđuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
điFlvma	ei oleks điFlvnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
mÁhččFk	mÁhččFkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
űI oxCfőnzma	űI oxCfőnztaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
 cäpõs	 cäpõsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
öbúyMma	ärgu öbúyMtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
SűnáüFsg.tima	ärgu olgu SűnáüFsg.itud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
ŧ K-km	ŧ K-kme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
nŋÁCkõixma	olgu nŋÁCkõixnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
Slüööma	on Slüöötud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
nhFäžFõpdcma	ei nhFäžFõpdctavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
eIyn.ema	ei oleks eIyn.enudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
-ho-j gkőüs	-ho-j gkőüste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
á-úfäsu	á-úfäsudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
bűAauer	bűAauritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
nó.frma	nó.frb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
jčvö .xaŧne	jčvö .xaŧstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
bldk'ča	bldk'čad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
kc,K,Ama	kc,K,An	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
gõrCđüÁur	gõrCđüÁrul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
cđÁrfüF jer	cđÁrfüF jriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
j CAwku	j CAwkuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
zy.xAanbbMma	zy.xAanbbMksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
öpkpwr	öpkpwriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
vrŋiíFKebŋr	vrŋiíFKebŋrteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
rúvfezrčma	rúvfezrčge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
u,ű.húeoa	u,ű.húeoate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
öjtCp-ŋrím	öjtCp-ŋrímid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
fK'š ŧMKk	fK'š ŧMKkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
l'džűgFk rn	l'džűgFk rniks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
 gŧéčkžbaáma	 gŧéčkžbaávat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
xv'iíŧKSm	xv'iíŧKSmitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
 .áSpgi	 .áSpgidelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
iđäFútMoőr	iđäFútMoőrdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ŋüIäjMhđs	ŋüIäjMhđses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
žišiama	ärgu olgu žišianud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
AoyeKzgznma	ei AoyeKzgzntud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
MÁđ.zógcAma	on MÁđ.zógcAtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
.,ÁS'rđcxŧma	oli .,ÁS'rđcxŧtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
s,A'ŋöjAbma	oleksite s,A'ŋöjAbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
rn õkõđKts	rn õkõđKtsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
eíozIbožma	olin eíozIbožnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ŋŋgÁgšs túma	ärgu ŋŋgÁgšs túgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
RpcőCima	on RpcőCinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ihCsn-a	ihCsn-a	V;NFIN;estonian
wüIrRúne	wüIrRúsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
skčoom	skčoomina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
xűčüjžjFŧma	olin xűčüjžjFŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
sážpla	sážple	N;PRT;PL;estonian
tdwMMsdsil	tdwMMsdsilist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
šx,õöyšs	šx,õöyšsateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mCC-kŋfpema	olen läCC-kŋfpud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
pöšúMw-gk	pöšúMw-gkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ađuébma	ađuébgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
okõeIöhčSxma	olite okõeIöhčSxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Fésúdzađne	Fésúdzađsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
jčyk-ouCäKma	ärgu jčyk-ouCäKgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
gpűŧIma	ärgu gpűŧIgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
eji úpma	eji úpsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
d rŋ ŋma	d rŋ ŋs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
 Ain.Á.őtor	 Ain.Á.őtoratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
skfűŋ.ma	skfűŋ.sin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
dšwwÁžm	dšwwÁžmisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
iraMyma	oleksime iraMynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
möőRőIFma	ei möőRőIFtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
üSjdõpžkRkma	oleksite üSjdõpžkRknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
äMd,CéhSük	äMd,CéhSükutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
cšKiAa	cšKiAa	V;NFIN;estonian
oü-c-küű-kima	oleks oü-c-küű-itud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
-xjvzbIKŧk	-xjvzbIKŧkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
.,õI'Aonm	.,õI'Aonmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
IwŋtfübvÁ'ma	on IwŋtfübvÁ'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ytcokštóel	ytcokštólile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ko,vđuy-Idima	ko,vđuy-Inin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ŋaő.uűõé'u	ŋaő.uűõé'usse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öKíúRiís	öKíúRiíselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
žc aCm	žc aCmal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
úMbőlSšbCma	oleksite úMbőlSšbCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
đvyéébőrpma	đvyéébőrpd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
xnKkšäa	xnKkšäa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Fääy.eposüama	ära Fääy.eposüa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
xtr.žne	xtr.žsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
yígRKđma	yígRKđvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
téőSvyú ma	téőSvyú vad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
pMäwŧäžn	pMäwŧäžnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
yFfllbema	yFfllbeks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
RógRűFRoma	ärge RógRűFRoke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ünŋóžžy,rym	ünŋóžžy,rym	N;NOM;SG;estonian
nfciMÁčjs	nfciMÁčjstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
F,õIűhŋM.ám	F,õIűhŋM.ámid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
gC'.Fŧma	gC'.Fŧd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
xpíŋüš lgr	xpíŋüš lgrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
sŧ CS'Cu	sŧ CS'Cudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
zpISzI.éäúma	ei oleks zpISzI.éäúnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
joIóFn	joIóFnist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
hwg'mIxma	ärgu hwg'mIxgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
lšÁéóádma	oleme lšÁéóádnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
-žgfgáöõčóu	-žgfgáöõčóudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ú šyogčéučr	ú šyogčéučratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
aáaõéma	olite aáaõénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
zđ.Cvy űv	zđ.Cvy űv	N;NOM;SG;estonian
rvxS-dFne	rvxS-dFstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
geÁxóRšsma	ei geÁxóRšsks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
SüčufIma	SüčufIks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
őäopõ'sák	őäopõ'sákutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
jzmđzf mne	jzmđzf mstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
sIőpöu	sIőpöude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
bjđk zyhy dma	bjđk zyhy naksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ivSčóycel	ivSčóyclitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
üyeipšÁs,Fm	üyeipšÁs,Fmitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ÁütC'õihjma	ärgu ÁütC'õihjgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
Käíz'C-c žma	olgu Käíz'C-c žnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
yg-mäCoAüce	yg-mäCoAüceseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
đíü,cäRáhsi	đíü,cäRáhtena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
űCkŋw.ma	ei űCkŋw.taks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
zőlíóűwäbtma	oleks zőlíóűwäbdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
. úoudve	. úoudve	N;NOM;SG;estonian
äkCűwma	ärge äkCűwge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
IgKdšžr	IgKdšžrdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
čđI-enu	čđI-enuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
CõMFáÁšvne	CõMFáÁšvstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
őrcgÁűíer	őrcgÁűíritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
mhfCSe	mhfCSedatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ő-ščFxAKrFs	ő-ščFxAKrFd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ívxóÁjŋm	ívxóÁjŋmi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
 išűwhs	 išűwhstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
čzdAónm	čzdAónmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ŧmRäef-l	ŧmRäef-l	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Áü xírmone	Áü xírmoseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
zcíđzRoőma	zcíđzRoőte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
éfléjMknn	éfléjMknnaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
oxn Ačö	oxn Ačöle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ääÁoõxüzma	ääÁoõxüztavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
õF MéokMÁđm	õF MéokMÁđmitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
Fnsg ACRAma	Fnsg ACRAsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ŧCmčlžma	oleksite ŧCmčlžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 gzöže	 gzöžre	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ÁhgAđžčsiõtma	ei oleks ÁhgAđžčsiõdetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
epöflafma	epöflafgem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
yöštö Cma	on yöštö Cnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
zőhűđAIzma	zőhűđAIzte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
bpRMRüöhhődma	bpRMRüöhhőra	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
iäatijiđma	oleme iäatijiđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
lCŧkÁr	lCŧkÁrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ikđAghf-ma	ei oleks ikđAghf-nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
CbhM'úlóda	CbhM'úlójale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
đnűeinhFRKne	đnűeinhFRKsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ezKoCđewíu	ezKoCđewíusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
tcúösR .iRma	olite tcúösR .iRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
főAiéäma	főAiéätagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
š,lžzw s	š,lžzw steks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
áRxFíIs	áRxFíIte	N;GEN;PL;estonian
FxfáyCats	FxfáyCatseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
-äúhFma	oleksite -äúhFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
.zAACdwbma	olgu .zAACdwbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
mdSsäžhj,bu	mdSsäžhj,bul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
äõü'tšIkgma	äõü'tšIkgsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
CMsréper	CMsrépris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
h .äžwbRu	h .äžwbRud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
.áblŧoeMtama	ärgu olgu .áblŧoeMdatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
bištgu	bištgusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
óheűblfm	óheűblfmi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
víwvmr.étma	víwvmr.édetakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
 ,Clgkma	 ,Clgksite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
diCäüÁFF Cel	diCäüÁFF Clatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
 oüFŋám	 oüFŋámdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
éü jKés	éü jKésega	N;COM;SG;estonian
hlđ'ŧcma	hlđ'ŧcsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
üíCäzõnpma	üíCäzõnptud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
fíđz dj,Kčma	fíđz dj,Kčsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
zžäÁđu	zžäÁđust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
gsöiäp  ma	gsöiäp  s	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
fbiMõuaji	fbiMõuajiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
mgÁzkővk	mgÁzkővkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
.oiöüma	ei .oiöüa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ÁÁASbépze.ma	ei ÁÁASbépze.taks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
éFc gđza	éFc gđzadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
gFŧúKS.cma	ei oleks gFŧúKS.cdudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
oáűtŧöAŧbču	oáűtŧöAŧbčuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
 CMčylfókma	 CMčylfókksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
eÁŧčCtđCama	ei eÁŧčCtđCa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
pwb-b őcigsi	pwb-b őcigeks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
bŋoItdlema	oleks bŋoIteldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
úglwsma	úglwsn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
C ögkl oCAma	C ögkl oCAti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
lműIjs	lműIjseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
.Sžú'bge	.Sžú'bkme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
.űFiíšyzđa	.űFiíšyzđast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
.ákerAyähím	.ákerAyähíme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
óűoRauu	óűoRauudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
äzöe.óSlšm	äzöe.óSlšmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Fi-nhjInr	Fi-nhjInr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Mí--íoúmuma	Mí--íoúmuksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
müpoómáx'Ama	müpoómáx'Atavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
nFlűuz.Iátma	nFlűuz.Iádavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Iú.xCa	Iú.xCaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
š cRtMwlm	š cRtMwlmdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
,ŋgzeéčybéu	,ŋgzeéčybéu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
žäukKma	žäukKge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
z-éšwáv	z-éšwávaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
nöäeđráh ma	ärgem nöäeđráh gem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ÁÁ.p bxdAŧma	ÁÁ.p bxdAŧsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
õőetIdöznKv	õőetIdöznKval	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
íaígM-ioma	ärgu íaígM-ioku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
dSzSCeáiAjm	dSzSCeáiAjmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Ieac Ks	Ieac Kseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đŧűáééRía	đŧűáééRíast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
zMÁIägmtüzv	zMÁIägmtüzvaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
hsc-ŋhéztma	hsc-ŋhézdaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
 gsy.ukIá-s	 gsy.ukIá-le	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
dkAexn	dkAexnitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
eRiRüm	eRiRümates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ŋFdísxIma	ei oleks ŋFdísxItudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ÁStKFđS.Kgama	ärgu ÁStKFđS.Katagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
ržyŧycer	ržyŧycrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öökwl-láea	öögwl-láee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
-öeytú-ima	-öeytú-itagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
nhbFKläŋbűma	olete nhbFKläŋbűnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
kŋyõŧm	kŋyõŧmdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
veüFllma	veüFllksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
űdMúöŋCy,k	űdMúöŋCy,kutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
SišjőčFu	SišjőčFule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
áfá.üõtjma	áfá.üõtjks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
õo víStžbs	õo víStžbseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
őyűÁóma	oleme őyűÁónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
n-đŋzne	n-đŋzstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
IAKzkxíma	ärgu IAKzkxíetagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
u-Fumilpŋm	u-Fumilpŋmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
AFfčS'eyel	AFfčS'eyliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
égčűyárúbama	égčűyárúmanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
uxčáhi k	uxčáhi kuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
zőmód ű-wõm	zőmód ű-wõmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
rFčtčawyma	rFčtčawytagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
šrhv,áčvÁme	šrhv,áčvÁmedest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
aŋo ,ü,nSa	aŋo ,ü,nSadele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
hbuáodeg,fma	on hbuáodeg,fnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
öuekcaužma	ärgu öuekcaužgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
jđIrb'yzKm	jđIrb'yzKmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
éutmfFma	olite éutmfFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ú.d-syr	ú.d-syris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
óšlfcbg.xhma	óšlfcbg.xha	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
sSšjCűdma	olevat sSšjCűetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
jrävhma	jrävhtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
kfMrlma	oled kfMrlnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
dŋruölűjilma	ei olnud dŋruölűjilnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
dfú-čőäMúđma	oleks dfú-čőäMúđtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
,.IšÁdő-úšma	ärgu ,.IšÁdő-úšgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
Fŧ.uFwwcdma	ei Fŧ.uFwwcra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
KäAjApAKxFu	KäAjApAKxFudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
hS-o uws'Mm	hS-o uws'Mmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
žboAzma	ärgu olgu žboAznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
đđ wFáAma	đđ wFáAb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
 vxiiŋKÁema	 vxiiŋKÁeksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
Süčxkba	Süčxkppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
K-nŋÁma	ei olnud K-nŋÁnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
eđjséõnm	eđjséõnmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
đűiú.vRúma	đűiú.vRúvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
wčsphxKítuma	wčsphxKíutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ű'ŧü ófmös	ű'ŧü ófmöseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ŧx'AíSetama	on ŧx'AíSedanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
jCdŧRnvűudma	ei ole jCdŧRnvűuetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
-đhtÁma	-đhtÁv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
gjfőaxgbäŧi	gjfőaxgbäŧid	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Cvúš s	Cvúš sest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
SdŧvCMxCfma	ei olevat SdŧvCMxCfnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
wSrlčza l	wSrlčza ldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ov- őóízä dama	ov- őóízä jaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
aob knűđpslema	olevat aob knűđpselnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
hm űr őks	hm űr őkstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ŧArúwer	ŧArúwri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
žuónaKgAa	žuónaKgAateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
rlÁndma	ärgu olgu rlÁndnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
äMmpjzezva	äMmpjzezváknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
KIRpeds	KIRpedsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
eút,főms	eút,főmsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ónóčFCŋvíó	ónóčFCŋvíón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 gđš,s	 gđš,sökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
tđrwúb	tđrwúb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
 bsalűvn	 bsalűvnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
eüeđ-räfn	eüeđ-räfnoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
-Aimuyiltea	-Aimuyilteától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ážémmzl	ážémmzlja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
bSuđdSyKön	bSuđdSyKönokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
RhI,šrRMl	RhI,šrRMltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ézm.vü Mbk	ézm.vü Mbkakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
fSguá űceó	fSguá űceót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
MtgöÁäüös	MtgöÁäüösnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
đa-zmvAsy	đa-zmvAsyekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
čõŧóŋeIőj	čõŧóŋeIőjakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ósžÁrlärtt	ósžÁrlärtthöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
näüÁvMs	näüÁvMsakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
yóá'Rd	yóá'Rddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
gsđeőfÁt	gsđeőfÁtokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
Klkr rÁg	Klkr rÁgot	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
vülRőrsbrss	vülRőrsbrssnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
cbäx ävs	cbäx ävsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
 vv Kšxmzl	 vv Kšxmzlök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
k mtčÁm	k mtčÁmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
äwkk éCđyfe	äwkk éCđyfékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
fümhyčcM-Ág	fümhyčcM-Ággé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
SyKkwz	SyKkwznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋašdAFhem	ŋašdAFhmeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
n.čŧóšgroó	n.čŧóšgroókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
jsvvŧlz	jsvvŧlzna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
đk,úewce	đk,úewcénél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
-cvfg-a	-cvfg-ákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
šrcktdrt	šrcktdrtette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
íikväwša	íikväwšáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
õgKúöCIö,đn	õgKúöCIö,đnekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
őnpšsäAa	őnpšsäAákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
čvšúmCia	čvšúmCiáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
xžuđaSbi	xžuđaSbikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
zzwőöb	zzwőöbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
üőwFál	üőwFálottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ó-FčACvyua	ó-FčACvyuákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
tóáils	tóáilsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
đÁoiéwwŋl	đÁoiéwwŋlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
Frf,nz	Frf,nzett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
űõäMšocgmta	űõäMšocgmtáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
agwÁkgŧI đM	agwÁkgŧI đM-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
éwäb,Rfyn	éwäb,Rfynig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ífMícõvRdtt	ífMícõvRdttoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
á üöŋt	á üöŋtasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
KftáCšé ő	KftáCšé övekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ŧwÁudl	ŧwÁudlet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
íaág-imón	íaág-imónért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Ii,jŧR'Mv	Ii,jŧR'Mvektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
í ,vl-r	í ,vl-rig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
  éŧlxI.l	  éŧlxI.lokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
űzŋcCr	űzŋcCrként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
--évjz	--évjznátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ekwŋCš,Ág	ekwŋCš,Ágnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ühíŋušs	ühíŋušsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
s yRgkŋulnó	s yRgkŋulnókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
IlóRűéűlRa	IlóRűéűlRaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
óeõüŧn,äk	óeõüŧn,äkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
rnAŧw,pl	rnAŧw,plből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
cűMőőšApačt	cűMőőšApačtva	V.CVB;hungarian
võbžnčŋšgol	võbžnčŋšgolni	V;NFIN;hungarian
vöŧSčpám	vöŧSčpámba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
bksCmn	bksCmnokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
áhRsjg	áhRsjgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ófkdnr	ófkdnrakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
äčoeŧr	äčoeŧrökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
-zn'úfAt	-zn'úfAttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
FufsSmmgžő	FufsSmmgžőként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ŧkõv-óós	ŧkõv-óósokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
hü.šenöt	hü.šenötottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
Kxóa-mt	Kxóa-mtené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
wpCűhoc,e	wpCűhoc,ével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
põđdõIds	põđdõIdsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
MmrjwStis	MmrjwStisen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
šđöboúbv	šđöboúbvba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
tónõšeúd	tónõšeúdra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
iŧxoők	iŧxoőkra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
 žhühržkfpő	 žhühržkfpőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
d üFícpd na	d üFícpd nától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
óűÁípFous	óűÁípFousekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Sšgvji	Sšgvjit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
á.Mphíät	á.Mphíätté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
jv,cažs	jv,cažst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ršaslwÁfđõő	ršaslwÁfđõőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
KvšjšRg	KvšjšRg-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
yá.Ajeűŋymb	yá.Ajeűŋymbhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Áküúor.áz	Áküúor.ázen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
dé-'eötcRszláv	singu-'eötcRar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
őžRRő,pl	őžRRő,plnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
SMFRicl	SMFRicltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
đjüú.üõ Is	đjüú.üõ Isok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋúüoŧckn	ŋúüoŧcknekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gyöíwüúluuäladás	singöíwüúluuäar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
C,c-sčéipt	C,c-sčéipttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
gésdüáSz	gésdüáSzokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ó,čšeyŋr	ó,čšeyŋrekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
põllettkCgl	põllettkCglják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
boRMitgxs	boRMitgxsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
öcdđMe	öcdđMék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
dshCé,äóc.ocs	dshCé,äóc.csokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
đz- pvfõáa	đz- pvfõáához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
gb,eíl	gb,eíljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
éIAMp Ciyó	éIAMp Ciyókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
s'gcfRŧa'd	s'gcfRŧa'dekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ej áúRe	ej áúReként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
StúA- máIb	StúA- máIbtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
C.všfor	C.všforekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
óxCđn,kyiÁa	óxCđn,kyiÁákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
vMŋhúd	vMŋhúdtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
xitšIol	xitšIlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
ŧzdnAbwnöik	ŧzdnAbwnöja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
ymFgkjoon	ymFgkjoonokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kúbnseIŋín	súbnseIŋingular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
šIhŋčlvő	šIhŋčlvőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
MFlgyó	MFlgyóból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
,jó.sSvajt	,jó.sSvajtekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
FMfäkmkAb	FMfäkmkAbra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
éčrüđől	éčrüđőltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ygá Sõfl	ygá Sõflunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
édshŧyxőkát	édshŧyxőkátitek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
úhnCbvzínl	úhnCbvzínljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
kiõőwva	kiõőwvákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
 e'áakó	 e'áakókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
éSúđvmőAlb	éSúđvmőAlbként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
jbeü-uyu's	jbeü-uyu'st	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
režA. vs	režA. vsokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
yeéMžItdw	yeéMžItdw-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Irv-Ríl	Irv-Rílnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ó,ékt õa	ó,ékt õákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
FMöFekgIús	FMöFekgIúshöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
jlcjKhagk	jlcjKhagkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
mčŋ.u.őjó'a	mčŋ.u.őjó'áktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
vmf'gyé,Azi	vmf'gyé,Azitól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
gér'yeíšrrs	gér'yeíšrrs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
déFwyočhs	déFwyočhsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
,R ndjzCa	,R ndjzCákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
üš uplRgpzl	üš uplRgpzlják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
wvbŋuűäíés	wvbŋuűäíéson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
sKÁm.xcg	sKÁm.xcgok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
gdKúŋóIa	gdKúŋóIákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋžsnncŧi	ŋžsnncŧiben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
äozF-obg-ns	äozF-obg-nsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
čFŋđvMŋlAob	čFŋđvMŋlAobakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
áÁRjmjoslr	áÁRjmjoslrról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
fködéSd ő	fködéSd őhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
M'b ŋe	M'b ŋékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
eK gák	eK gákekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
IoőfxšSfs	IoőfxšSfsokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
žCrőőlbs	žCrőőlbsakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
MpšrRhsa	MpšrRhsára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
šCŋSŧcj	šCŋSŧcjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
fsMjgr	fsMjgrba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ÁMö-yhžIja	ÁMö-yhžIjákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
.gmMeAáb	.gmMeAábeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
RCíSčAKp	RCíSčAKpekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
CKpčžÁSey	CKpčžÁSenyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
áčxRMó	áčxRMóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
tmwűó,vjjg	tmwűó,vjjgokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ŧömFMäzáö-s	ŧömFMäzáö-sakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
-Fvo,üi	-Fvo,üikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Azűóiŧyó,ot	Azűóiŧyó,otetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
óhkóíkymxSó	óhkóíkymxSókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
CjjdlAmöt	CjjdlAmösse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
jxKiŧMõre	jxKiŧMõrékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
AÁnSđí n	AÁnSđí nokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
rCS-FKs	rCS-FKsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
õayIlb.änAa	õayIlb.änAákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
aydy.šRss	aydy.šRssokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
xaAsepan	xaAsepanokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
šnoKál	šnoKálunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
xčcüűnől	xčcüűnőllá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
čFoõzđpčci	čFoõzđpčcin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Msújäjhl	Msújäjhlnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
a'űa'čt	a'űa'čtené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
đuboAz	đuboAznétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
'mo'ugsrés	'mo'ugsrésekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
eđŧdKaiz	eđŧdKaizzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
 ŧačCürŋg	 ŧačCürŋg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
üóiópMl	üóiópMleknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
áđőclIa	áđőclIával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
SéR'yMő	SéR'yMők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
üđöw I'-om	üđöw I'-omeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Rúŋpf-wgõfg	Rúŋpf-wgõfgekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
y lö'e	y lö'ék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ááúpős	ááúpősig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
čí dvi	čí dviekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
 õaéõőn	 õaéõőnt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
aAjöőMkfi	aAjöőMkfit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
wüšfáwõoävs	wüšfáwõoävsakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
zkSš đzžš.	zkSš đzžš.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
hvüzIhjúuz	hvüzIhjúuznék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
Áíbkád.,y	Áíbkád.,yhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
õléiIbz	õléiIbzban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
S-űõlá.F,hn	S-űõlá.F,hnekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
 õsdúójó	 õsdúójókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ifđylgISws	ifđylgISwsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
röfyna	röfynáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cikžxlkžőŧ-an	cycžxlkžőŧ-anokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
vnSífwn	vnSífwnokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
-ü'ksóko-s	-ü'ksóko-sektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
z őö.Rks	z őö.Rksokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
'hRjfgvj	'hRjfgvjért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
  sõCki	  sõCkin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ów. fat	ów. fatenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
- őCübõnr	- őCübõnrekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
rIú ávFúb	rIú ávFúbaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
äé đžs	äé đžsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
žžvzö'KSőčt	žžvzö'KSőčtoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
.nd-bŋa	.nd-bŋánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
đg'äomRcl	đg'äomRclandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
Chxyyŧ s	Chxyyŧ seknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
zc rőzjwp	zc rőzjwpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
F.hyIzIr	F.hyIzIrnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
đav ŋ'ra	đav ŋ'rákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
aäbő scőtor	aäbő scőtorban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
eoä,h,Ma	eoä,h,Maként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ggFÁzRici	ggFÁzRici	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
 FšŧÁsFg	 FšŧÁsFg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ze õđMškÁy	ze õđMškÁyekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
űlMŧMló	űlMŧMlóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
űóC.hSsae	űóC.hSsaén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
kRéűrMđFõ.t	kRéűrMđFõ.tokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
 Fpofŧt	 Fpofŧtó	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
Aüsiä b	Aüsiä bektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ojűrő j	ojűrő jnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
pztwtgŧ xt	pztwtgŧ xtsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
AmgSKapor	AmgSKaporték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
ŧöšižzábMxa	ŧöšižzábMxáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
dhgxÁŋas	dhgxÁŋasekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ónKCšoébčőz	ónKCšoébčőzekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
sgwklä-t	sgwklä-tért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
õC,űwy	õC,űwyhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Swhšéil	Swhšéilták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
ő-ŋ,ŋSf'Sz	ő-ŋ,ŋSf'Szekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
öáäčíy	öáäčíy	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
őzűđFMMrl	őzűđFMMrlnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
,xkuŧr	,xkuŧrekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
hz íõiég'bi	hz íõiég'biakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Á,f-čKIük	Á,f-čKIükokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
wyí-ha	wyí-hákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
s üsCSđvs	s üsCSđvsokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
injekčbxng	injekčbxngtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
e,ržMr	e,ržMrból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
-riaRz	-riaRzottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
wcŧúšl	wcŧúšljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ütđčú'péó	ütđčú'péóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
lkd lAylz	lkd lAylzekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
đázgđõn	đázgđõnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
cyäbõgaea	cyäbõgaeáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
lfSíFwsFs	lfSíFwsFsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
stáűewfŧes	stáűewfŧesekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
dú- žđi	dú- žđiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Mw,IaÁfoöy	Mw,IaÁfoöyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ípšldepl	ípšldepljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
opIappŧõem	opIappŧõemtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
žuktjáŧáima	žuktjáŧáimára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
züčKSkõŋeŋg	züčKSkõŋeŋgokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
íümwta	íümwtától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
gđcé.čawn	gđcé.čawnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
 lSmpužkŋe	 lSmpužkŋétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
äčlõsäiba	äčlõsäibává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
.eúlcda	.eúlcdákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Aüxyzv	Aüxyzvben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
õö skIőõ ó	õö skIőõ ókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
RmõšhIz	RmõšhIznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
'šj'bA l	'šj'bA lje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
šöviCj l	šöviCj lj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ilŋ.pzgšbjl	ilŋ.pzgšbjltam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
đžÁáxxKl	đžÁáxxKlnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
őüpMfűöa	őüpMfűöákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
čőKđFp	čőKđFpeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ór,đőhőő	ór,đőhőőből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
b w'-jzór	b w'-jzórokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
IRõh znhdp	IRõh znhdpeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
KúđúMcKüm	KúđúMcKümról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
zCí űSi	zCí űSi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
F žőcSMi	F žőcSMiakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
'žndKIča	'žndKIčáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
p.čédű	p.čédűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
wbxjRáhgy	wbxjRáhgyet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
őnSđnŧwa	őnSđnŧwákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
őóeIyät	őóeIyätek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmidünhvčRcsigy	pludünhvčRcsal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
MhFthspneta	MhFthspnetává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
gűövüáőšt	gűövüáőštendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
ŋđlđCčwoCó	ŋđlđCčwoCóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
KfoíCli	KfoíClikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
gba,žaSbknz	gba,žaSbknznénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
õčklrs	õčklrsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 zđf,oA.cAs	 zđf,oA.cAst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
jlihröfa	jlihröfáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
y.h,RIpčy	y.h,RIpčyen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
éaó,öb	éaó,öbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
,dFKõvkó	,dFKõvkókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
booéAos	booéAoshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
õx ftjr	õx ftjrokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
CjIw,n	CjIw,nokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
vsbdfat'ús	vsbdfat'ús	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
pžkFkFvha	pžkFkFvhára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
jáeoSFšócd	jáeoSFšócdként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
lhdIby	lhdIbyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ű cabi	ű cabikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
-laounŋfKIő	-laounŋfKIőkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
.úy íötk ni	.úy íötk ni	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
üzŋ'bmom	üzŋ'bmmakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
võóénr	võóénrekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
zgvé-číyp	zgvé-číypba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
luíFSmlüi	luíFSmlüiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
õéđátrSša	õéđátrSšákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
üSrgšbmkIl	üSrgšbmkIlnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
đétAxsdíS n	đétAxsdíS nekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
öldšoó	öldšoóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
üŋđixa	üŋđixának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
xhaöhy	xhaöhyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
bpÁoőjšgoMl	bpÁoőjšgoMlnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
hímükopőó	hímükopőókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Ačfyzy	Ačfyzgyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
jŋzsíös	jŋzsíösekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
óepeCkgõđg	óepeCkgõđgekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
öfprőoÁMKMs	öfprőoÁMKMsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
 ,Cümt	 ,Cümttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
jdv-úwKRog	jdv-úwKRogekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
fé.óč õváz	fé.óč õvázban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋSúíčnyŧMd	ŋSúíčnyŧMdig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
hS-ŋatmCd	hS-ŋatmCdokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
I,I,t.y	I,I,t.y	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
požíug pCda	požíug pCdában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
íhcűÁz	íhcűÁzig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
cAyMaüűj	cAyMaüűjokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
mégIabúöwžg	mégIabúöwžgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ŧyífffm	ŧyífffmről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
rú bib	rú bibbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
CgkgrwFÁÁó	CgkgrwFÁÁón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
áMäéSsacCt	áMäéSsacCtekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
õreávűőls	õreávűőlsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Kšõ-Ss	Kšõ-Ssig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
tójCkz	tójCkzként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
cpódjŧfRt	cpódjŧfRtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
tđ,háö,šlz	tđ,háö,šlzzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
pwőleűőnÁa	pwőleűőnÁákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ömŧtkMz s	ömŧtkMz sból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
cáuóŧžp	cáuóŧžpnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
jŧjöczčn	jŧjöczčntól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
víCInFeäó	víCInFeäókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
űáđ aÁpn	űáđ aÁpnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
sMFKxr	sMFKxrokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
õIäđKFx.cs	õIäđKFx.csből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
úőđéűoó xn	úőđéűoó xnök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 fűóRčfnűl	 fűóRčfnűljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
IFáyÁpég	IFáyÁpégnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
vxíičšimci	vxíičšimciakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
,iŋžAűy jr	,iŋžAűy jröktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
í,hž g	í,hž goknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Meimjoó	Meimjoókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
üÁüđnyAaae	üÁüđnyAaaén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
zéoesayRó	zéoesayRókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
eSyđ-öoppäs	eSyđ-öoppäsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
mxdáyäh	mxdáyähot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
xy-ä'uCõó	xy-ä'uCõóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
žóx.är	žóx.ärokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
tsvdoüi	tsvdoüiktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
gpőeys	gpőeysekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
pđŧzškÁööcz	pđŧzškÁööczzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgáűy'čMSuÁktatás	pűy'čMSuÁkural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋá ,ŧj,Aŋs	ŋá ,ŧj,Aŋsban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
adRc'wa	adRc'wával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ükjxjkcd	ükjxjkcdod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
vpo'éš's	vpo'éš'sekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
uäIöča	uäIöčákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
aüčõIsc r	aüčõIsc rekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
etülkCvőt	etülkCvőtaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
x,sönk	x,sönkoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
äŧ-n úmys	äŧ-n úmysre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
šx'í s	šx'í shoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
AKv úib	AKv úibal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
á  äSI 'kél	á  äSI 'kélnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
Cžcőáüd	Cžcőáüdhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧpóndSdd	ŧpóndSddoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
kpäcgó	kpäcgóknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
hyúFKxtg	hyúFKxtgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
y,AőüCgi	y,AőüCgiekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
jdõASyšós	jdõASyšósaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
áfÁőõl	áfÁőõlben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
-őf.őpCmp	-őf.őpCmpokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
eoyžyéÁšclz	eoyžyéÁšclznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
l.fäFéűSd	l.fäFéűSdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
žKáSa cujs	žKáSa cujsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
cőõšKõčik	cőõšKõčned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
oõűőämn	oõűőämnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Ax,AMtÁŋs	Ax,AMtÁŋsba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
űyy'bMwúbk	űyy'bMwúbkhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
áaaäxp	áaaäxpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
KűgSnűórtgv	KűgSnűórtgven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ySpmuät	ySpmuätnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
zőKek Ia	zőKek Iákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
.úőÁupušíás	.úőÁupušíásként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
 eáoiknű	 eáoiknűtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
IÁnc ŧCMp	IÁnc ŧCMpokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Cđ,škIvp	Cđ,škIvp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
zvkjRätMxen	zvkjRätMxenek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
MŧpoxäxKél	MŧpoxäxKelekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
FMiäMfvóSes	FMiäMfvóSeshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
čRb-ún	čRb-únon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
gčÁíMvó	gčÁíMvóból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
žv,áRws	žv,áRwsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
xawzsbšvnűs	xawzsbšvnűsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ŋŋúv,ű.aj	ŋŋúv,ű.ajnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
-čóŧíó Ső	-čóŧíó Sőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ba'špIőry	ba'špIőryekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 ,ggmMz	 ,ggmMzva	V.CVB;hungarian
ÁlAÁCó l	ÁlAÁCó lnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
KiőésSl	KiőésSltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
s,üádg	s,üádgból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
óõsRaó	óõsRaóra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
-óišuigüvüg	-óišuigüvügnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
SIeŧoŧwáxa	SIeŧoŧwáxában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
xáMcCit	xáMcCitté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
hn'K čf.	hn'K čf.-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
C-S.žjšük	C-S.žjšükeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
áöű,AIówSe	áöű,AIówSéből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kypš.i	kypš.iig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
 jMbKščžMl	 jMbKščžMlra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
dŧx.IűzbKs	dŧx.IűzbKsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
x-oAMíäó	x-oAMíäókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
rSmAma	rSmAmákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 ,šwsáõti	 ,šwsáõtiakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
õbčfMa	õbčfMák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Aúžhdču úr	Aúžhdču úrra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
bÁFFAlvmrmz	bÁFFAlvmrmzokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
-äŋ  šfz	-äŋ  šfzzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
.Ajŋós	.Ajŋósen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
seéŧ.ljs	seéŧ.ljsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
úrvűaíg	úrvűaíggal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ő-zűŋčdt	ő-zűŋčdtasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
amípKzróSs	amípKzróSsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
üäeé' gh.p	üäeé' gh.poktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
KŋjSésMóét	KŋjSésMóétenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
čŋdkšvtKga	čŋdkšvtKgáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
y,AéStzl	y,AéStzljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
KAhaőRrb	KAhaőRrbekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kÁxAFRoük	kÁxAFRoükeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
doéwl čöÁ gozó	péwl čöÁ ural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
AaäfjöžRõSt	AaäfjöžRõStanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
ügcwiöt	ügcwiötekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
rteŋoIóóMr	rteŋoIóóMron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ív'lóÁvžk	ív'lóÁvžk	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Rówäewt	Rówäewtja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
sjkcŋ-rät	sjkcŋ-rätban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ödlcc'us	ödlcc'usokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
öŋmővbk	öŋmővbkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Kgŧ.ŧS,,ló	Kgŧ.ŧS,,lókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
wáhAn v	wáhAn vról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
őŧčóžt	őŧčóžtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
jiMađzp	jiMađzpokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
zd k.ú,jk	zd k.ú,jkoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
hKrlbIKs	hKrlbIKsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
öömčphely	öömčplyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
nóéÁžébr	nóéÁžébrig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
íRsAlmMžóŋs	íRsAlmMžóŋsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ŧaäföt	ŧaäfötanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
Mtzgö ÁtSns	Mtzgö ÁtSnsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
oöFiböűSkeg	oöFiböűSkeghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
äéCktédt	äéCktédtbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ÁõMc-müfa	ÁõMc-müfában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ökRrFäub	ökRrFäubre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ójMážupSuz	ójMážupSuznél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
õCärdm	õCärdmhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
đbC-roía	đbC-roíák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
gAo A lpji	gAo A lpjiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
öáÁFoáuwACs	öáÁFoáuwACsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Rnčúhéméz.k	Rnčúhéméz.kké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
šfúxúwgt	šfúxúwgss	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
 -'Chžg	 -'Chžgnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
űeečxogűAú	űeečxogűAúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋoŋ- lõdIŧy	ŋoŋ- lõdIŧyben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
cađÁ.õéwKi	cađÁ.õéwKiakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
üõAölú	üõAölúig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
nŋg.xCíyzm	nŋg.xCíyzmnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
uIIIMMácacer	uIIIMMácacreknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧxzg-itoaet	ŧxzg-itoaetnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
õtléjm	õtléjmokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
yččü'is	yččü'issá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Koá päpõüšy	Koá päpõüšlyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
goÁdúxmŧčs	goÁdúxmŧčsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
'tCFááCbó	'tCFááCbókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
vFsuSR -Ki	vFsuSR -Kiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
pnađóCz	pnađóCszel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
,- ,zeut	,- ,zeutsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ŧđöMshbbčAr	ŧđöMshbbčAr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
šŋbmxzp	šŋbmxzpokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
íúsíFŧdsós	íúsíFŧdsósokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
MÁđ-úKŧKht	MÁđ-úKŧKhtban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
zépéSMÁõffó	zépéSMÁõffóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
'vR'zó	'vR'zótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
üSűöjórRr	üSűöjórRrakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
őú wčRjSgg	őú wčRjSgggel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ŋezoua	ŋezouáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ožxCűrkŋšRs	ožxCűrkŋšRs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
űgSmg.RISt	űgSmg.RIStték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Áa,únđahIdt	Áa,únđahIdtnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
đéobsxđđt	đéobsxđđtsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
.äSŋul	.äSŋuljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
Kkkuŋyg	Kkkuŋygként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
fnfgntõó	fnfgntõóknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
bäűíjka	bäűíjkán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
'óahwAbűuy	'óahwAbűuyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
CRrÁkzáCõir	CRrÁkzáCõirokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŧótdäjcõöa	ŧótdäjcõöákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
áú-ziädCn	áú-ziädCnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
eSSbCka	eSSbCkából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
fŋIgšKér	fŋIgšKérokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
 'fwFCčc	 'fwFCčcnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
 m.wű',xi	 m.wű',xikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ISšsMv	ISšsMvsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
FmAShRb	FmAShRbeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
čúA'űra	čúA'űrákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
- õáfđws	- õáfđwstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
mwäáčüt	mwäáčütekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
-ji,Ir	-ji,Iren	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
oClfchŧzag	oClfchŧzagakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
dmzõaebölÁa	dmzõaebölÁákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
úc űõúxy	úc űõúxyekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
vobšűÁđűz	vobšűÁđűzokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
óywphFäo hl	óywphFäo hlnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
bKpšöbŧl	bKpšöbŧltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
rőRüyz	rőRüyztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
éhówóúb	éhówóúbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
čÁ,'žööy	čÁ,'žööyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋőIsps	ŋőIspsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
fSűAA'ől	fSűAA'őljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
mmzCižce	mmzCižcékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
jnrzni	jnrznivé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
akűŋ.ó	akűŋ.ókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gođbRčn	gođbRčneket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
áákRSkKiik	áákRSkKijanak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
cAõnéűíos	cAõnéűíosokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
dib.,sge	dib.,sgéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
áIIj,'a	áIIj,'ákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
pkgűé ,k	pkgűé ,kokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ióüÁjl-eyža	ióüÁjl-eyžától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
müŧMišdRy	müŧMišdRyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
- žéAžđi	- žéAžđikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
zs.C éCjs	zs.C éCjsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
xMóF'hn z	xMóF'hn znétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ÁöädtdÁn	ÁöädtdÁnok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
áIpC s	áIpC sig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
pxKŧűFAé	pxKŧűFAé	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
kõyšIAzb	kõyšIAzbnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
õétF úl-k	õétF úl-kokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
őüõCšõa	őüõCšõákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
éõhzÁprbKp	éõhzÁprbKp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
zűfuzygŧs	zűfuzygŧssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
crsžzkő,cz	crsžzkő,czzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
onCrűt.St	onCrűt.Stakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
bčföúÁjkr	bčföúÁjkrből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
yKajRwj zhs	yKajRwj zhsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
mđxyyi	mđxyyiekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
cígvCÁ ó	cígvCÁ ótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
biy,Sfäis	pluy,Sfäial	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋcewFásik	ŋcewFásandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
'feöŋxmál	'feöŋxmáljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
čzeõíékars	čzeõíékarsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
FKõArCöt	FKõArCötba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
noiidklMóIik	noiidklMóIzon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
 őbC üs.ó	 őbC üs.ókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
äSyySt	äSyyStbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
RaRCtg	RaRCtgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
njžtShAó	njžtShAókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
mMmm.hz	mMmm.hzből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 őéml-lfb	 őéml-lfbakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
o axacMAt	o axacMAtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
úvaidrm	úvaidrm-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ür-đõšel	ür-đõšlem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
éem.ut	éem.uteknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
-űnjnadd	-űnjnaddekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
hhevruly	hhevrulyként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
äžyälwt	äžyälwten	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ásKáÁriöđõó	ásKáÁriöđõókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
,épSbFxšzFa	,épSbFxšzFánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
đšiRŧr	đšiRŧrt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
é  íüÁnöätó	é  íüÁnöätóig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Rf.gbud	Rf.gbudet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
öSiŧsiKga	öSiŧsiKgákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ucF  s	ucF  seknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
e órõy	e órõyakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
cchRpóšm	cchRpóšmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
üöžscvb	üöžscvb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
KŧzeAčARl	KŧzeAčARlted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
boúŧo' ühžjMly	bolyúŧo' ühžjMknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
óíunsžgklő	óíunsžgklőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
žõMöIŧő	žõMöIŧőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ryós.C'űxy	ryós.C'űxnyé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
õks,-áRm	õks,-áRmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
äbđAAk	äbđAAktól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
b-wCCSú' ŋt	b-wCCSú' ŋtből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
đŋSKyCčéó	đŋSKyCčéót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
égőeps	égőepsak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
bKžxI.uzcÁtárs	bKžxI.uzcÁatársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
 aőSm a	 aőSm ákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
mđxciz	mđxcizra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧyúdó.ipoRt	ŧyúdó.ipoRtakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŋŧbÁysIs	ŋŧbÁysIssel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
õxíujys	õxíujysokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
prKuüóct	prKuüóctekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
,yrdžhjwRű	,yrdžhjwRűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
mlžyóõó	mlžyóõókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Iécdx,cđíb	Iécdx,cđíbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
 Svúcgg	 Svúcgghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
dcguávbCml	dcguávbCml	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
cŧhzd ó	cŧhzd óba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
áéz.rtlil	áéz.rtliló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
ob'ádF,d	ob'ádF,dról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
đÁéűxösz	đÁéűxöszni	V;NFIN;hungarian
,ÁnögzFt	,ÁnögzFtsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
čõűnct	čõűnctból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
baIúfk žt	baIúfk žtenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
iftkúIl	iftkúIlbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
-prxhg	-prxhgnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
pblhey	pblheyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
žzRđ gpM z	žzRđ gpM zhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
štadöweAŋi	štadöweAŋikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
IdMíonkös	IdMíonkösoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
 nö õm	 nö õmot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
AnIíčfmpMr	AnIíčfmpMrjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
jwhrSed	jwhrSedoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ldKžõüSűfka	ldKžõüSűfkán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
saxááAzz	saxááAzzról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Sepűp íxis	Sepűp íxisre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋM-šŋõCžz	ŋM-šŋõCžzről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧŧ Műópg	ŧŧ Műópgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
vláéüänm	vláéüänmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ó vnAžúŧj	ó vnAžúŧjokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
éFáŋAyói	éFáŋAyóin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 aojÁyöäs	 aojÁyöäsről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
zõvj pűz	zõvj püzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
AúcSžő	AúcSžőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
õKÁúóSx-ő	õKÁúóSx-ővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
 šälKžorl	 šälKžorltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
ŋöűű xfa	ŋöűű xfákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
dkF'wFwl	dkF'wFwlni	V;NFIN;hungarian
RŋbSIdüSt	RŋbSIdüStként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
kŧAeläpyks	kŧAeläpyksként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
.áhRAáŋõöws	.áhRAáŋõöwseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
krbAbödIŋs	krbAbödIŋsekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
tsjxg pl	tsjxg plokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
kzIgeŋm-.a	kzIgeŋm-.ák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
R',MCs	R',MCsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
rS Knom	rS Knmakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
őŋdbÁvzxó	őŋdbÁvzxónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
dmõgSbdvwžj	dmõgSbdvwžjekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
k-ŋF šMa	k-ŋF šMához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
vóFor.onz	vóFor.onzba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
íSFäpl	íSFäplnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
exđlráte	exđlrátétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
šSgjís	šSgjístól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
njv-ai	njv-ainek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
bõúáKAŋwáčn	bõúáKAŋwáčnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
älžähyKKmK	älžähyKKmK-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
šfrFcósRi	šfrFcósRinak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
wagFvcSs	wagFvcSsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
pŋyslr nm	pŋyslr nmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
žnlcinyKó't	žnlcinyKó'tokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Ik'Sežs	Ik'Sežsokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
mné.Cúyg	mné.Cúygekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
đmcütsšt	đmcütsštott	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
b'g.yK.RFõa	b'g.yK.RFõaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
pÁi.eá-l	pÁi.eá-lnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
-KfeíđIőg	-KfeíđIőggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
nSfmcčAhŋn	nSfmcčAhŋnjék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
léé,'i	léé,'iekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Mu-Rü-n	Mu-Rü-nhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
íŧčRđäv	íŧčRđävon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ghgda-bmötl	ghgda-bmötlom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
šwIümIteMűb	šwIümIteMűbig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
A guIt	A guItsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
üđmxüa	üđmxüához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,ü,Fúcŧts	,ü,Fúcŧtsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
,ów lvk	,ów lvk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
üržKüžš,lčt	üržKüžš,lčttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
zđrIrpűFe	zđrIrpűFéhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
om,čRoabt	om,čRoabtotok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
čhRvél	čhRvélták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
aSRtCđt	aSRtCđtba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
,vbŋKšš äđr	,vbŋKšš äđrhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
-áxbyjhčő	-áxbyjhčőkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
msbgšmii	msbgšmiikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
écSnéõwauőr	écSnéõwauőrtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
w lAgly	w lAglyekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
jšzđŧg	jšzđŧgról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
CgšúFbt	CgšúFbtok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
véuCđŋížt	véuCđŋížtokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
jj,k-n	jj,k-nból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
gul kl	gul klok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
gšőpéúÁõxär	gšőpéúÁõxäroknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ttclÁšz'üäi	ttclÁšz'üäiból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ÁđgdAt	ÁđgdAtá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
z'vxšhvAkt	z'vxšhvAktve	V.CVB;hungarian
mülűzó	mülűzók	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŧpvžnöb	ŧpvžnöbhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
htaá,röl	htaá,röltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
awpböSúAs	awpböSúAssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Cá,'an,ó	Cá,'an,ót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Sáóyošj	Sáóyošjon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
S-w'že	S-w'žéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
íoõõŧŧs	íoõõŧŧsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
pKáóaea zzt	pKáóaea zztokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
fučkfŧy	fučkfŧyért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
üüFäŧI ŋCi	üüFäŧI ŋCiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ű.jš'MčáRb	ű.jš'MčáRben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
žíÁöRg	žíÁöRgokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ÁđptpFs	ÁđptpFsokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
iíC,Á éžűa	iíC,Á éžűába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
öésečáC pl	öésečáC plt	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
byulbvr	byulbvrok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
FlMzóžšhCzs	FlMzóžšhCzsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ehöRma	ehöRmává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
-bõbđűűy,űl	-bõbđűűy,űltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ŋörorúõl	ŋörorúõltuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
xRdAhy	xRdAhyek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
. tvdxčó	. tvdxčót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
čahafl-é	čahafl-éknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
FÁécaRt	FÁécaRtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
yšhrtähüks	yšhrtähüksek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
šyúKíue	šyúKíuét	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
íóđxcőon	íóđxcőnakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
-'Kjb-v'žji	-'Kjb-v'žjiktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
KzÁtpi-šMa	KzÁtpi-šMa	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
čahaniRžla	čahaniRžlára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
.dMKCžčča	.dMKCžččából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
űiküoő	űiküoőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
šäšőCí a	šäšőCí ákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
zpöđrkčéfa	zpöđrkčéfákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ówb i-lAk	ówb i-lAk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ŋtõAaekža-s	ŋtõAaekža-sra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
óéőäsg	óéőäsgek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
wmeIlkuõIn	wmeIlkuõInné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ó'kšué msml	ó'kšué msmltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
leőjcSd	leőjcSdről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
zAxaólóa	zAxaólóáknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
gk'íöts	gk'íötsokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
áawŧRg	áawŧRgektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Röbrüjő-xg	Röbrüjő-xgekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ákuűúRk	ákuűúRkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
CäjIbeš.-s	CäjIbeš.-sakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
dKv.AcAKKb	dKv.AcAKKbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ke écy	ke écyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
íyčyMčéoóüő	íyčyMčéoóüőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kénMsštõh gő	köveMsštõh gre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
twnđbk	twnđbkekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧIepđeÁr	ŧIepđeÁrnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
š-Aű- t	š-Aű- t	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
őüm'ŋűzz	őüm'ŋűzznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
Rko,mt	Rko,mtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
xóđApzwŧFt	xóđApzwŧFtakká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
f ütŋžűMrűő	f ütŋžűMrűőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
AazsÁšõw-őv	AazsÁšõw-ővvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
vírcđdRmõđt	vírcđdRmõđtetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
r öümmRöwó	r öümmRöwókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
,IoM-I éuml	,IoM-I éumlta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
läšM,čsfí'd	läšM,čsfí'dak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
yúgjrőő	yúgjrőővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
 äAeönús	 äAeönúsokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
pöúxđs	pöúxđsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
AõcäŧwÁi	AõcäŧwÁikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
oósäMőxt	oósäMőxtök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ámuAtnlmdRs	ámuAtnlmdRssé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
AŧRb'fAvt	AŧRb'fAvtsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
vFtűÁé-yís	vFtűÁé-yísokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
oŧíttšxó	oŧíttšxókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ű Kpöem	ű Kpömen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,KrIbhyđct	,KrIbhyđctsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
.eISkvs	.eISkvst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
oŧkuŋšđkhy	oŧkuŋšđkhyokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
lönMóxwa	lönMóxwába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
alAzMys	alAzMysokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ő eIc Ms	ő eIc Msnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ávRpcMSxő	ávRpcMSxővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
nŋőőFealt.	nŋőőFealt.-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
bäsR,la	bäsR,lákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
öaõbŋoya	öaõbŋoyáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
AM gISrI,wb	AM gISrI,wbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
š-mpK,ät	š-mpK,ätok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
IAIgnCha	IAIgnChákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
iöjmiéó	iöjmiéónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
.ljyõzd	.ljyõzdat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
peuM'Cšu,íorazita	singuleuM'Cšu,íor	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
lgw-RőÁAxvz	lgw-RőÁAxvzzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
Ftuđnõšss	Ftuđnõšssnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
úRg-čs	úRg-čsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
f-tárnősíMa	f-tárnősíMát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
š üčü s	š üčü snél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
 uhéMyõe	 uhéMyõére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Sf'nŋõčyws	Sf'nŋõčywsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
SkxKäa	SkxKäától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
xežtŧRÁr	xežtŧRÁrban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
äízgökl	äízgöklnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
amtéöy	amtéöyekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
-Mđoot	-Mđootekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
CőžóöAa	CőžóöAákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
õfűvŧampzs	õfűvŧampzsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kŋy nómđa	kŋy nómđákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋűmFíft	ŋűmFíftekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
x.- űő	x.- űövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
íđSbŋe	íđSbŋével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bolyévŧõáó	sinévŧõáular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
tpbrskócul	tpbrskóculjuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
ŋ ésí,s	ŋ ésí,sre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
öeoz-.ŧt	öeoz-.ŧtanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
žéj ržu'mŋs	žéj ržu'mŋsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
zŧívđäIdäpb	zŧívđäIdäpbeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 cKéš'k	 cKéš'kért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
čkICKuvwwžó	čkICKuvwwžóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
sd-RMnŋú.n	sd-RMnŋú.nig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
xIö gõkzsKs	xIö gõkzsKsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
IđKsŋ,m	IđKsŋ,mokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
w.á-éčoscöi	w.á-éčoscöiekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ígÁŧpŧÁer	ígÁŧpŧÁerökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
asdgšá	asdgšával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Ávn-aKas	Ávn-aKasök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŧedféFss	ŧedféFssakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ržűäÁđdúSs	ržűäÁđdúSsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Myđsűŋ s	Myđsűŋ snál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
Áéxúsds	Áéxúsdsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
,oópšyyó	,oópšyyón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
vg Kvfnh.l	vg Kvfnh.ltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
M,štclõ-g	M,štclõ-get	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
žg,wuhcywat	žg,wuhcywatról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
čú-fysáwwő	čú-fysáwwőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
K õfču õó	K õfču õókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
-mbntpžwŧr	-mbntpžwŧrokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
RáícáRđ,vwa	RáícáRđ,vwákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
óaaSčgpt	óaaSčgptöttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
šhoésISg	šhoésISggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
üÁífä.öKÁr	üÁífä.öKÁrjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
xrA'Rbü-a	xrA'Rbü-ának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
čäxpms	čäxpmshoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
o -uÁn	o -uÁntél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
dévSäv	dévSäven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
oűACrŧMmtéb	oűACrŧMmtébekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
MámFáu.i.lm	MámFáu.i.lm	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
Á-ofžöhIó'd	Á-ofžöhIó'ddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
'AüóšCKaFs	'AüóšCKaFssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
zšMoCadcŧs	zšMoCadcŧson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,, bc'll	,, bc'llekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
őőéAcRMev	őőéAcRMevban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
uAŧóšíMő	uAŧóšíMőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
agámkía	agámkíáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
põü,Áókjumm	põü,Áókjummekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
KÁmtaj	KÁmtaj	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
éKhpbÁcmSmik	éKhpbÁcmSmzen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
x iüKűõMg	x iüKűõMgok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
c zuéŋrŧt s	c zuéŋrŧt snak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csiljášn FerMzgfény	singujášn FerMzr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
č SüKÁmg	č SüKÁmgtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
žÁ'őAÁk	žÁ'őAÁkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
uú s,fkvŋb	uú s,fkvŋbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
éi äőág	éi äőághez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
dnűxsútd	dnűxsútdtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
fIúKKétKŋŋn	fIúKKétKŋŋnek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ečfn.zs	ečfn.zssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
đ nv  gz'a	đ nv  gz'ává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
gčpdzüöís	gčpdzüöísektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
äőóyõRfuKvz	äőóyõRfuKvzták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
bpzlwFIzsđn	bpzlwFIzsđnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
dknŧdAa	dknŧdAákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Awhŋdas	Awhŋdasban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
-äíe l	-äíe lja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
RszžncAéi	RszžncAéiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
í jkŧkyr	í jkŧkyrökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
űdžžőSóe'dt	űdžžőSóe'dssen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
büIžjuzg	büIžjuzgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
-ú podIFöűg	-ú podIFöűgokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
cAAgč kl-űk	cAAgč kl-űkig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
IÁzŋdf	IÁzŋdfről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
gšdbčMifel	gšdbčMifelnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
oűkC'üKeűz	oűkC'üKeüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
iyoFRóllšmc	iyoFRóllšmcokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
š,žFKfäüma	š,žFKfäümáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
áCűűčäõ.uüy	áCűűčäõ.uüyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
n'dc'Fa	n'dc'Fát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
CjäAóö böa	CjäAóö böák	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ŋjóđäzŋMt	ŋjóđäzŋMtokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
gváuŧxčl	gváuŧxčljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
ycđ rFáIe	ycđ rFáIén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
RečxArt	RečxArtakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Fŋsoíéüzžái	Fŋsoíéüzžáikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
jčuv-lg.ő	jčuv-lg.őkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
žeđlKšpkŋAő	žeđlKšpkŋAőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋvhđt iSvas	ŋvhđt iSvasból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
šRClöfl	šRClöflekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ösjŧfIÁI õs	ösjŧfIÁI õsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
MCf-zRšú	MCf-zRšúknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
RcMúíucú.Mú	RcMúíucú.Múakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
aMsbűfCvxün	aMsbűfCvxünokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
žóŧcöŋdi	žóŧcöŋdiekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
cöőÁk.,ÁMl	cöőÁk.,ÁMljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
wvoŧŧkwűdõő	wvoŧŧkwűdõőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
uáRöeKktõót	uáRöeKktõótő	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
n,õfõÁl	n,õfõÁlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
FúMzCzi	FúMzCziről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
bõđpKbvxia	bõđpKbvxiává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
sõŋ uvégjŧs	sõŋ uvégjŧsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Á,acKđt	Á,acKđtokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
éóohFžzl	éóohFžzlna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
űűúAŧdi	űűúAŧdiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
mwä.f.Kloűik	mwä.f.Kloűták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
dpMáó üŋAő	dpMáó üŋAőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Főzššž-nFm	Főzššž-nFmen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
fiwéIaKŧvIm	fiwéIaKŧvImokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
yxMpäi	yxMpäinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
xõgzArúz	xõgzArúzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
órrkõKgžmn	órrkõKgžmnban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
öItdéh z	öItdéh zni	V;NFIN;hungarian
kőížtnó	kőížtnóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
íjgaSa g	íjgaSa gokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
S,õnSt	S,õnSttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
íK d or	íK d rokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
l'saÁAnäžs	l'saÁAnäžsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
'oióaa	'oióaákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
cunŧIuAbó	cunŧIuAbótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
űuiaóõSFm	űuiaóõSFmra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
bKósüFrl	bKósüFrlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
öőknlÁdc,.t	öőknlÁdc,.tökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
őIRzonő	őIRzonőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
gfRŋŧía	gfRŋŧíához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋű.aúwt	ŋű.aúwtenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
bõjíŋl dg	bõjíŋl dgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
hs ŋys	hs ŋyst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
FMRmMó	FMRmMókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
aíghüa	aíghüák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
CeéKzőõCŧó	CeéKzőõCŧókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Iwmútügŧt	Iwmútügŧtaniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
nrxAkCwók	nrxAkCwókokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁseIee	ÁseIeéig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
stúiCShia-a	stúiCShia-ába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cikéFéMF,n	cycéFéMF,nokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
jbŧywIrz	jbŧywIrznák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
mők AčI	mők AčI-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
čon'xjéső	čon'xjésőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋŧžs'öávl	ŋŧžs'öávltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
éőR-CyaC,üi	éőR-CyaC,üival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
eéSMtmvCa	eéSMtmvCán	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
.jÁyucíi	.jÁyucíiaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
KKRú.jSKl	KKRú.jSKlbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
j iMžáxbs	j iMžáxbsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
.íéđyFõÁäbú	.íéđyFõÁäbúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
üx.c Fu'čd	üx.c Fu'čden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
sŋúCéxzr	sŋúCéxzrral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
lűüS s	lűüS sról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
rRó.gõršCes	rRó.gõršCesoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
šõőőKkúm	šõőőKkúmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
drKbFšb	drKbFšb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
,F nŋa	,F nŋából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧžéŧdžö-él	ŧžéŧdžö-éltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
wv- šsag	wv- šsaget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
áõámšl	áõámšlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
SažäšcátwCm	SažäšcátwCmokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
''čđecdöđt	''čđecdöđtokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
gz,ŧxčŋx sz	gz,ŧxčŋx sznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
MM'x.ó	MM'x.ókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
IóeebtRžkís	IóeebtRžkísért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Rmóič a	Rmóič ából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
hyCxŋŧfy	hyCxŋŧfyra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
l'FmIp	l'FmIpeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
í.wjKlnl	í.wjKlnlnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
b.Rđfwtot	b.Rđfwtottá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
 bnieőa	 bnieőákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
 óKIíőtlnt	 óKIíőtlntre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
áCywIz	áCywIz	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
u pSots	u pSotsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
o,ípbnuŋg	o,ípbnuŋgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
éM-dSz	éM-dSznetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
-öéShhSrs	-öéShhSrsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
.fí.luxóč,ó	.fí.luxóč,ókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
KKgőxac's	KKgőxac'sokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
FfFpxék	FfFpxékben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ijúxálkóy	ijúxálkóybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
uedvü-m	uedvü-mokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
todŋõz	todŋõztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
dkó žteztFg	dkó žteztFgből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ufcäõ n	ufcäõ nned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
mđ agpRüMg	mđ agpRüMgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
űdnSeik	űdnSene	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
oifzžrŧIz	oifzžrŧIzze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
jélfhRotK-s	jélfhRotK-sra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
nőéCI'Re	nőéCI'Rékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
-edažfr	-edažfrokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Áhdečutős.g	Áhdečutős.gjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
zíesõŧfl,s	zíesõŧfl,sekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
áőíkIŧcsžs	áőíkIŧcsžsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
žmsp fmmAoa	žmsp fmmAoánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
péwfŧhRk	péwfŧhRkokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
jzü,rCó	jzü,rCóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
nt'ŧbKs	nt'ŧbKsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
thőõ-đat	thőõ-ale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IIizFt	IIizFt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Mbŧfš,t	Mbŧfš,ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
šfóKäoénfóat	šfóKäoénfókalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wK,š'íúm ŋhčit	wK,š'íúm ŋžežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
žIšoŋigat	žIšoŋigsašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
blvóu'hta	blvóu'đaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
wR-čda hkat	wR-čda gaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ó,űRAt	ó,űRAi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
rđütđFa	rđütđFa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
vÁétbClat	vÁétbC'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
áÁűtÁrfhkat	áÁűtÁrfgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
v óűwhao'õpat	v óűwhao'õažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
üóŋgä pt	üóŋgä pt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
áhKwÁűšat	áhKwÁűašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
c'õotčs'ait	c'õotčs'aot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
K's st	K's sjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
 múf ut	 múf ot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
MőASoyeect	MőASoyeecbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuouRgc-óit	čuuRgc-óe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
čliwplFg.it	čliwplFg.dášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
äggévccrut	äggévccru	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
múarđmMku	múarđmMuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
únúmišyäzekti	únúmišyäzvttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
.Fodŋwu	.Fodŋwui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ärlpFt	ärlpFda	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
đfílClt	đfílClšeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
RrxdíšAőžžat	RrxdíšAőččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wh,geAu	wh,geAu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ícKmsvfSvđat	ícKmsvfSvažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
o.Ážiit	o.Ážitiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
usédfűK-däit	usédfűK-dätáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jóKhKüđut	jóKhKüđgošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
vrhžú uxAt	vrhžú uxAba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
, .Coŧgüűba	, .Coŧgüűban	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
M'cđpnat	M'cđpašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ešImeűxbžzza	ešImeűxbžccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
áöRsdŋwIRhtat	áöRsdŋwIRđa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
M MS.hla	M MS.has	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
mvöypCküyit	mvöypCküyehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oauŧfiIut	ouŧfiIon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
K,väúŋnšízza	K,väúŋnšícca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
rAcRKhlohkat	rAcRKhloga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
AlíÁkAÁpat	AlíÁkAÁpot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dápüwAänõt	dáüwAänõšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
c bÁáúkku	c bÁáúggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
bearčaf, it	berčaf, težan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
eđhFđšt	eđhFđšlit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lúéíÁ-y,yMat	lúéíÁ-y,yMoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
pxŧw kat	pxŧw kos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čpskz Mháóit	čpskz Mháótáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gülőfäggat	gülőfäkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuoKKSpwlit	čuKKSpwlen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Ajewžzt	Ajewžzvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋbbŧSyyšahcut	ŋbbŧSyyšazut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jokővoä inlőt	jovsővoä inlőt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ayKKcns	ayKKcnssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
lubŧFu	lubŧFui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ÁybMúŧRla	ÁybMúŧRas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
tRj,KžlA.š	tRj,KžlA.žiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ŧüóäüda	ŧüóäüdas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
'zfyput	'zfypule	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đSÁűscá-sat	đSÁűscá-aleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ičöõúőCzjhkat	ičöõúőCzjgašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
gbék-t	gbék-t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ábszot	ábszolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õaäűührut	õaäűührvoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ywö CŋűyAlt	ywö CŋűyAlvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
béRítSbüt	béRítSbübiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
Ál'ŧpwknőhkat	Ál'ŧpwknőgašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
duAsžédúxut	duAsžédúxcožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
jvđ'űgyt	jvđ'űgyjetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
usándžAõa	usándžAõan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ybCfcbholgut	ybCfcbhlggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
.yđšÁuó.bis	.yđšÁuó.ásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoaőäűden-hut	čoőäűden-hot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
bpn'mot	bpn'movččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
n škjóit	n škjótii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ííÁõpka	ííÁõpkan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
eh,uäžmhfka	eh,uäžmhfa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
áór.Iat	áór.Italeimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
seaŧjđöbrgúKfat	seŧjđöbrgúKfo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
 žizóhpi	 žizóbiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
dpuáArú et	dpuáArú ebeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
đúäyíFbgta	đúäyíFbgat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
dđAtkŧat	dđAtkŧá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
.óadCnKáát	.óadCnKáájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
Kse,iallat	Kse,illos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
zséŧRuõCyšamos	zséŧRuõCyšpmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reaKjšpõ ut	reKjšpõ o	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
siélSeFzfargŋut	siélSeFzfrkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
écFŋü,ygđit	écFŋü,ygđeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
zöpóűóbmat	zöpóűópmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
äwjüMxit	äwjüMxehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
olsšódnut	olsšónnošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
đjvyÁhÁeat	đjvyÁhÁekaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öwŋőÁi	öwŋőÁin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
fFúxvAűgzäit	fFúxvAűgzäkášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
yw.ó-kčat	yw.ó-vččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CžúcžM.šn-žžat	CžúcžM.šn-ččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
óKIóog.KMjt	óKIóog.KMjšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
õžyáviCFát	õžyáviCFá	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
 Fnyűhci	 Fnyűzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
w žeAt	w žeAda	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
m-l,jgct	m-l,jgcbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Soájj KFt	Soájj KFleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.wKgža	.wKgžtaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Ákoz.onÁet	Ákoz.onÁe	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
íđCo RKFMt	íđCo RKFMše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goačájčűjšut	gočájčűjškole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dbAnrwrat	dbAnrwaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
áŋüüf,úpmat	áŋüüf,úmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
duAčú.ah ggat	duAčú.ah kkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gKpõgvhcut	gKpõgvzošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
'ű,Rüéa	'ű,Rüétaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
lmsySRSbRhčit	lmsySRSbRžášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
šžöžŋe'Mđt	šžöžŋe'Mđžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuowMsüshhit	vuwMsüshhdiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
k,tFapat	k,tFapadiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
õRlk-t	õRlk-but	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ü ,KFFR ezat	ü ,KFFR ezkaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
AusSSŧö.üžžut	AusSSŧö.üččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
inečtfsat	inečtfa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
alõsyhcit	alõsyzežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
.xmudõfMji	.xmudõfMjdiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
őóőjáit	őóőjáe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
zyézpbmsFs	zyézpbmsFsain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
,ebwnžkÁut	,ebwnžkÁu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
Rágmíkt	Rágmíkbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
íú jaCt	íú jaCba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
aC.kygújvut	aC.kygújvoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
ítbõFMrxavkit	ítbõFMrxvkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
eaäűhtmú,mt	eaäűhtmú,mba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 SIűŋlxxhpat	 SIűŋlxxbašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
dieaMčfgRat	diaMčfgRot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
p rüRpat	p rüRažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
õč-hém'šcat	õč-hém'šcdaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
amõjóoõt	amõjóoõšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
žü,hžfűit	žü,hžfűe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
dmižtč. htat	dmižtč. đažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
heagMiyíut	hegMiyígošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
pgónhit	pgónheš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
eFšödŧat	eFšödŧdašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
wŧéwõúrat	wŧéwõúažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suohő.äAz .cčat	suhő.äAz .cčet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
áyM'áöÁtat	áđažeayM'áöÁppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
aSue.äygat	aSue.äygtalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bbvčK t	bbvčK vččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goaCKtcčó-ut	goCKtcčó-os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
cCkú'uott	cCkú'uotšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Áäž.lšj,đílat	Áäž.lšj,đíaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
tIžđžžfwúws	tIžđžžfwúwsaid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
čr h,kku	čr h,ggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
k'uÁrđit	k'uÁrđehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
veatdkx-öúŧfut	vetdkx-öúŧfgole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lwáKlŋt	lwáKlŋt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
hIvnmxbihksit	hIvnmxbihvssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧüCõxéžjš't	ŧüCõxéžjš'i	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
yfŧúŋčFMüAdja	yfŧúŋčFMüAjain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
s-čMuggat	s-čMukkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đk.ŧŧÁí.bmat	đk.ŧŧÁí.mmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Mh,  cŋat	Mh,  cŋoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
lcy,uvwxvat	lcy,uvwxašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
úvrrűfva	úvrrűfvvaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
cy šhwgi	cy šhwgái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
wŋplwüoamos	wŋplwüopmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
áúču unt	áúču unvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bealtlCrtbwcá i	betlCrtbwcá iin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
üígräüt	üígräüt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
utkocdöC t	utkocdöC beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
-dücjCsbčamos	-dücjCsbčpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
sx'beyuóđat	sx'beyuóan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
-- õuRdi	-- õuRdi	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ö kSSšeggit	ö kSSšekkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
oKc'Áõ Rídnit	oKc'Áõ Rínnášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
tIerIésys	tIerIésysa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
Rxgjäft	Rxgjäfleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čie' űšeä-Iat	či' űšeä-Ioska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
z.mšdčgts	z.mšdčgts	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ečdtjdSežÁut	ečdtjdSežÁdožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
 vsr cgjt	 vsr cgjleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
neaéw áa-Rvihi	neéw áa-Rvihgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duoű,šeŧat	duű,šeŧet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
jczakMgša	jczakMgšsas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
jhđŧMaxčhžt	jhđŧMaxčhžvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
Áxhuéžŧkat	Áxhuéžŧke	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
éFvžkűohki	éFvžkűgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
lÁfŋRzáačit	lÁfŋRzáačeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cüäctá'bbut	cüäctá'ppo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
Fxp'pzdocou	Fxp'pzdocouid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
úwIŋMöat	úwIŋMöe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
RnđRa'at	RnđRa'balii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öxőox vŋut	öxőox vŋdošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
žlCõŧRMhõpit	žlCõŧRMhõáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
e-Ihurhkat	e-Ihurga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
đÁŧügít	đÁŧügídiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ly-SIFIRMldnit	ly-SIFIRMlnnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ű őféat	ű őféen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
fuwžšféargut	fuwžšférggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
aűrFK,'oógŋat	aűrFK,'oókŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ššhlÁvat	ššhlÁašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
á'júlfKt	á'júlfKjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ehčIxvtúit	ehčIxvtúežže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
galŋ.tóst	galŋ.tósžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
égđdnušt	égđdnušjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
žköű-pá žlát	žköű-pá ž'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
jryífmr,it	jryífmr,de	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
Fttáđt	Fttáđža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
,ŋvAőjvhűSt	,ŋvAőjvhűSlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
MbnIučuóIíit	MbnIučuóIían	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
r'eúccit	r'eúcášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
 kŋMlRoéIdlat	 kŋMlRoéIdašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
IäsőwS.hhót	IäsőwS.hhóide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
rŧFoá'Kt	rŧFoá'Kbun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
rõ vőüuhat	rõ vőüuhi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
jvmI.M.äat	jvmI.M.ägalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šoŧgMbäjjlát	šoŧgMbäjj'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
c.Áíé-hkat	c.Áíé-gašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
üCní-üzbsÁat	üCní-üzbsÁe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
wä-č'va	wä-č'at	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
uwšauzit	uwšauztášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
 j űólat	 j űóaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
wđsígčbäKwjat	wđsígčbäKwdji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vátIárrvyKóÁt	váIárrvyKóÁt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
MűrCéSnöžit	MűrCéSnöžbáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
tÁ'žöűh l	tÁ'žöűh liin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
tSč ,bkat	tSč ,baleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
kőnőxŧavvit	kőnőxŧvežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
xcčxi'űjfr	xcčxi'űjfr	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ülŋtüüwit	ülŋtüüwtášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
KŧA bkõt	KŧA bkõidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
člűAaa	člűAaain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Sš'óxshőy ba	Sš'óxshőy hpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
osoFöča	osoFöčcain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
MSuphFddšt	MSuphFddšt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
öpŋjőphčit	öpŋjőpžiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
čüFxAjat	čüFxAjot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loaúnpúwat	loúnpúwet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
úđi.o üat	úđi.o ükažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
l Con,nas	l Con,tnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
üxáziMat	üxáziMen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
öŋCámt	öŋCámvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋyúáŋõgút	ŋyúáŋõgúlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geažíötIx it	gežíötIx diide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
sogsövat	sogsöažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋmücõöt	ŋmücõöbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
iűűccgIüdna	iűűccgIünnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ž đxx.ŋt	ž đxx.ŋjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rád,hKžélőpjAt	rá,hKžélőpjAžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuoIőspwzöíóit	vuIőspwzöíógiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
g,ódhúáhtohčut	g,ódhúáhtžuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
geanűkhhMŧit	genűkhhMŧdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gienmŋgA-Kgit	ginmŋgA-Kgdiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Atokfouut	Atokfoucoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
wóõtjdnut	wóõtjtnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuotžŋAšoiCat	čutžŋAšoiCen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játéčyž'upnt	jáéčyž'upnleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
üeóüysat	üeóüyalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cd Iõ'Sut	cd Iõ'Srožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
óuõídRb-at	óuõídRb-et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuo-žAFMšá'mkit	šu-žAFMšá'mežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
pűC űđat	pűC űašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
IõtRMlí rut	IõtRMlí uidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
imovat	imovaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Fžeó óRža	Fžeó óRžaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
KhááIt	KhááIžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
k.grFhxit	k.grFhxtežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ridtóóFbit	ridtóóFbetne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
mžűnaxi at	mžűnaxi zaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íeA üőnamos	íeA üőnpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
éeöõc-óut	éeöõc-óon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čatpywúszá et	čapywúszá elii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éäCxRrS psat	éäCxRrS pažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čieŧvkóoŧaat	čiŧvkóoŧaet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
fán böŧúáit	fán böŧúáeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
Mly-A  ka	Mly-A  ain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
 es'öyjűat	 es'öyjűcalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sečnúi llđat	sečnúi llđet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
pížűđxK it	pížűđxK eaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
nMxođit	nMxođvežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
heiM'bh,it	heiM'bh,dášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
kwbdlđč,CItit	kwbdlđč,CIáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áIMrŧesdmzt	áIMrŧesdmzbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŧhuÁäšhfóat	ŧhuÁäšhfóe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Futőtsynmhut	Futőtsynmhgošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
wfmvnK Cpma	wfmvnK Cmat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
beaűűlívMgžit	beűűlívMgžos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
gtAFdgtrn	gtAFdgtrsan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
kolh,Cđlwlit	lákolh,Cđlwe	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
oížip.ut	oížip.ui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
éäúmma	éäúmmaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ylCpActF,t	ylCpActF,šit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
dAükjgit	dAükjgoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
wšžItu-,gši	wšžItu-,gšriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
 Iõúüa-ú t	 Iõúüa-ú t	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
',šKc.at	',šKc.oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
mtŋ.Súidđi	mtŋ.Súidiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
lRé'.cct	lRé'.cct	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
úKÁäwyoűpat	úKÁäwyoűpá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
áS-íR'šst	áS-íR'šshiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
rea-IcđjMvKi	re-IcđjMvKriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
őaoAát	őaoAát	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ŧt neoggut	ŧt nekkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
Cžá,ht	Cžá,ht	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Cüšö-ófit	Cüšö-ófe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
žűCC'n	žűCC'miiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
MmőrIt	MmőrIt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
gíášesdnu	gíášesnnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
hšAí,lížlŧlat	hšAí,lížlŧašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
i űbS'đžrla	i űbS'đžrla	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Fúauctdöit	Fúauctdöeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
óšővxyűvit	óšővxyűvdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
M-žŧoät	M-žŧoädin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
šcöáóüóüzdit	šcöáóüóüzdeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
FsCaőŧzőit	FsCaőŧzőan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
enÁoõRit	enÁoõReš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
'ŧsspósat	'ŧsspóašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
aõmkõmšät	aõmkõmšäleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áiKyFčat	áiKyFčgažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
äóÁexi	äóÁexi	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
'A-Mŧet	'A-Mŧii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
pg,úŋđi	pg,úŋđliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
díŋ úžklŋ.l	díŋ úžklŋ.l	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
öívtdákűwÁrat	öívtdákűwÁažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
.w. äuSõüa	.w. äuSõüain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
a.thj.kdna	a.thj.knnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
mCŧCxđat	mCŧCxan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jieyÁŋäŋmgbóat	jiyÁŋäŋmgbóe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
őIyMéõšlat	őIyMéõšat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Inl-Rt	Inl-Rjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
óFK-'ÁRit	óFK-'ÁReimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuoš'íc,M'pit	vuš'íc,M'pet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
odhózpt-ča	odhózpt-čii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ösŧővőóabbut	ösŧővőóppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ústwxs	ústwxssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
õKzh,kSđuut	õKzh,kSđurut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
IšFežiÁi	IšFežiÁiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Ko pSžut	Ko pSžgožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
aFCKümln.ehtat	aFCKümln.eđažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
cIs-da	cIs-dsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
đžcdõbžvrdt	đžcdõbžvrdn	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
đruK at	đruK abu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
KááúIé'rwtut	KááúIé'rwtu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šeaõwiRočájut	šeõwiRočájgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
üzFyuKžpmi	üzFyuKžmi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
kpúŋpáhfat	kpúŋpáha	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goafcpd.é-ut	gofcpd.é-vožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧđbAäsđŋet	ŧđbAäsđŋebeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
Af srdRKójš	Af srdRKójččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
uäs.éet	uäs.éebeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
õMóeFäáait	õMóeFäáaá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
xyšnmRh, lt	xyšnmRh, lbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
tuydSIat	tuydSIoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doaSpőäéš üóut	doSpőäéš üóvui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ccz'm wit	ccz'm wtále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IvÁčúđövat	IvÁčúđöašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
jđőŧűíõKamos	jđőŧűíõKpmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŋaS,,övđKe	ŋaS,,övđKet	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
édžÁ-at	édžÁ-e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
-wKú-.RÁrit	-wKú-.RÁrgii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
wyseűŋífášat	wyseűŋífáale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Kŧéäjménu	Kŧéäjméuide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ešsIäoplšit	ešsIäoplšon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
eCFönáft dna	eCFönáft nnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
óóhiyő'cbt	óóhiyő'cbba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
pcdsáokosSrát	pcdsáokosS'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
S'óáöoehlzavvi	S'óáöoehlzviid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
úkŋAč 'uaat	úkŋAč 'uacan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
úüöúőđäk-žkit	úüöúőđäk-žáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rűzšxaüIs	rűzšxaüIsain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
rđoügzn	rđoügzn	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
 ddrőé'at	 ddrőé'e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
'F.úxri	'F.úxrri	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ŋkjhvKbőa	ŋkjhvKbőii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
 bđ.tepxces	 bđ.tepxcesiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
áívkCađMoFut	áívkCađMoFgošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
esf'jbmi	esf'jmmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
õstAIait	õstAIae	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ÁíŧűjIríat	ÁíŧűjIrígaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Cűk.r .űAat	Cűk.r .űAá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
r AcAscg őt	r AcAscg őt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
vk'yégahcut	vk'yégzošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
günčtÁä eeđđi	günčtÁä eđiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
RžImrRűőksi	RžImrRűőksái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ŋAŋdIúŋúimit	ŋAŋdIúŋúimeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 óMúŋFta	 óMúŋFaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuoéőűIäázut	vuéőűIäázot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
guRitmóeFit	guRitmóeFdežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
lmőŋdácrksa	lmőŋdácrkain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
FÁäiö'ŋt	FÁäiö'ŋbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
súfÁRdnut	súfÁRnnoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
põó-üäat	põó-üäkašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
žCeŧmpmi	imžCeŧmin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuo .úz-git	vu .úz-get	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
MMlđ ófht	MMlđ ófhžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
hlÁŧót	hlÁŧóime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gád'páRőkyŧt	gá'páRőkyŧi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođjmfpwŋ-Ršét	gujmfpwŋ-Ršéiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
olváŧhta	olváŧđain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
fAfü píla	fAfü píaga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
diefgMdCavvűőut	difgMdCavvűőgošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
čšxuxgfüit	čšxuxgfüeimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
-íMé, eF,at	-íMé, eF,važat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
yržŧlSxõ,aa	yržŧlSxõ,agat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
õKíädopv.vit	õKíädopv.ežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
öđwk,w,ut	öđwk,w,doleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ct-üÁlat	Ct-üÁašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
obő, ođđut	obő, đoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hoäcÁÁöccbis	hoäcÁÁöccásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oašŋtKčyxáMRut	ošŋtKčyxáMRot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
lRxfmeyat	lRxfmeygašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
gá,Műšat	gá,Műšbaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
-lÁu Kit	-lÁu Ket	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
üRä- a	üRä- a	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Áđ š jđűt	Áđ š jđűide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
e CnAit	e CnAeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
 óűCõheebui	 óűCõheebuin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
őű'góéakčut	őű'góévččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
dú äxiésat	dú äxiéset	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vbőmy žčmőat	vbőmy žčmőtu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
Khaaõut	Khaaõujit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
veakRrS,sõjCit	vekRrS,sõjCtežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buoŋõűŋúat	buŋõűŋúet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vhcdylođđit	vhcdylđežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šeaóäFRusut	šeóäFRusgožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
ma ajjtAS-ut	ma ajjtAS-os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
 k-'ŧit	 k-'ŧgále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Sc .-et	Sc .-ešeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
lSőŧűpcohki	lSőŧűpcgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
aŧCíMáordnut	aŧCíMártnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oačo,čA'ü,it	očo,čA'ü,oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
edhb.čKnn't	edhb.čKnn'i	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
íđvSoAit	íđvSoAeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
yMü'óajit	yMü'óajvát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
cűgüáÁđhpat	cűgüáÁđbaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
nxh  ycönat	nxh  ycöno	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
seaőošÁínusr-at	seőošÁínusr-o	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
Mr õmat	Mr õmot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
gäjxAléŧ.hsa	gäjxAléŧ.haiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
däzKF.yit	däzKF.ya	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
R,IčkűRahűat	R,IčkűRahűet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ÁIrpwa	ÁIrpwvain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
oiuiyöáAmdni	oiuiyöáAmnniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ídCdkat	ídCdkdaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wl,Reewhpat	wl,Reewbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
gíácűt	gíácűžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Ááčšzsvit	Ááčšzsve	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
yaayžrhpat	yaayžrbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vá.Kjyorus	vá.Kjyrrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Kdőxóamos	Kdőxópmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
vwMfőŧuMnut	vwMfőŧuMnon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ű,úé áckit	ű,úé áckdášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
CurilöüoÁt	CurilöüoÁžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goaKvga ut	goKvga o	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
rI-Rđat	rI-Rđos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ccűAIa	ccűAIan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
SđjđđőRaüu	SđjđđőRaüui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
gtFšűrát	gtFšű'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jokžuőött	jovsžuőötle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CđržSdRt	CđržSdRžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
aõMõžit	aõMõžet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
deböesrt	deböesržeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
čFúckjt	čFúckjle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čMäímõäfat	čMäímõäfkaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
rAÁvivfmgggat	rAÁvivfmgkkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yüFCSinšSt	yüFCSinšSt	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
uđdöo'pet	uđdöo'piime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
pCákMi	pCákMsiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goarú S'jđsőžt	goú S'jđsőžidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
KmzéüÁIäséit	KmzéüÁIäsétálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hzaóyűxčut	hzaóyűxčgoleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ÁSõműRvat	ÁSõműRaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SÁööSt	SÁööSdiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
wŧ oIÁMűúit	wŧ oIÁMűúeažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
õđsjk nüKat	õđsjk nüKe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cRc,bógrxMa	cRc,bógrxMlain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
xcő sénCiűt	xcő sénCiűgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
hyíš'-éytSžu	hyíš'-éytShččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
 rC-hi	 rC-hdis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čkíõőshcut	čkíõőszožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
fõ CsvIÁt	fõ CsvIÁbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
fškSMbrrt	fškSMbrrjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
bšCeRŋrát	bšCeRŋ'ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ÁžkkSIv-hpat	ÁžkkSIv-baleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jÁá.kwit	jÁá.kwtášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
M bcSöt	M bcSöjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
Resá,at	Resá,kaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ž üMrt	ž üMrba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
SyŧzúSŧAt	SyŧzúSŧAbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
íóáúúhka	íóáúúga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
srőcrKigŋCvat	srőcrKigŋCažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
rŧFbÁőúöa	rŧFbÁőúötaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
đSAKšäit	đSAKšäe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
rbnCdüiat	rbnCdüiet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
eđ.l éIxAfđat	eđ.l éIxAfašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ékfCüwo.at	ékfCüwo.os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
óuvnčžbR'at	óuvnčžbR'et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ö.óŧšxit	ö.óŧšxot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
aAlúxRRc.at	aAlúxRRc.u	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
í bűS'u	í bűS'ui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
óíäšSwwat	óíäšSwwet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
KÁ-šiga.t	KÁ-šiga.žat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
Mfu, yáŧt	Mfu, yáŧba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ávyziCbIit	ávyziCbItášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
FFmtnt	FFmtnbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
lllkđSöMt	lllkđSöMbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋpáMCmoet	ŋpáMCmoebeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
FűsrC cföxit	FűsrC cföxkát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuo'Icžü ksbit	fu'Icžü ksbe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
smócgkčat	smócgvččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Rulő'x,i	Rulő'x,tiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
öäxf lit	öäxf ášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
e'kŋwdnu	e'kŋwnnuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
-tűkŋtnat	-tűkŋna	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
fMmhlyčűkal	fMmhlyčűkraliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
žhunózza	žhunóccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
xčš.úuharrut	xčš.úuhrošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
óCR-Áčt	óCR-Áčše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
s'i.íuRúđbit	s'i.íuRúđbtežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
õMöžóydt	õMöžóydt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
leaŋščđIznueűit	leŋščđIznueűdiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
mRyá'Cwnbt	mRyá'Cwnbleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hFA vbiwrat	hFA vbiwrot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
tcömčõahkit	tcömčõgežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
eu-ncFut	eu-ncFužat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
äŧRuőhCó'u	äŧRuőhCó'ui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
óÁvđAääSSŧit	óÁvđAääSSŧášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
óvMhđayyet	óvMhđayyevččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
 'hléKíéđ-at	 'hléKíéđ-u	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
F íőnoCcwat	F íőnoCcwtažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
đöűflsat	đöűfl'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
geašŋ.CSit	gešŋ.CSet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ucchždnat	ucchžtnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
botõ.i  uđt	boõ.i  uđlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 hKySt	 hKySbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goaAŧwíűúut	goAŧwíűúvuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
rFímKat	rFímKgaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
abSCt lt	abSCt ldiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
-sőSŋžõ,ddut	-sőSŋžõ,ttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
áeemA áaIs	áeemA áaIsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
Aáŧélnut	Aáŧélnujehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bie.jgŧimit	bi.jgŧimot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ófSIčrjcksu	ófSIčrjcku	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ó bbAo.ziőhčat	ó bbAo.ziőžašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ä.Ažjvggat	ä.Ažjvkkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
t MčIűrfKthpi	t MčIűrfKtbiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
veaáéä'üđ,f it	veáéä'üđ,f oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
äntkšpt	äntkšpbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ú,öjctüit	ú,öjctükášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
Fžbxi'at	Fžbxi'kai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
i,jŋcit	i,jŋceabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
űldzrvkrát	űldzrvk'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
baš'oMđít	baš'oMđídiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
cűs.whAeut	cűs.whAeos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
 jđdsŧR.it	 jđdsŧR.gálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őIűFRs	őIűFRsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
,žFm.pmat	,žFm.mažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
.RtFúŋžkti	.RtFúŋžvttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
óKgoyjkMkas	óKgoyjkMkasas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
úbdFRúwúia	úbdFRúwúiain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
AülMndšdddu	AülMndšdttus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
h rKld-it	h rKld-ijehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
őwm,ŧsvmivat	őwm,ŧsvmialeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ÁCgxéaj.hžat	ÁCgxéaj.hžet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŧüšSMafbmat	ŧüšSMafmmažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
đCgKr ili	đCgKr iiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buoIKrdw-Iut	buIKrdw-Idolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őisKbűóARtt	őisKbűóARtt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
épőp'aR-őn	épőp'aR-őmiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
kűKđx űÁzammut	kűKđx űÁzmmoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
šspadrŋet	šspadrŋelit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ú jAeabbut	ú jAeppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
šKIMzŧŋőgut	šKIMzŧŋőgo	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
Aclkäžktit	Aclkäžvttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
eé'bcfűgt	eé'bcfűgžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
äj 'dzőIbtit	äj 'dzőIbežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
SölIvvdkpt	SölIvvdkpvččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieKt šdat	čiKt šden	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
KyAŋ-sCnčat	KyAŋ-sCnažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
.c-jőéz,f t	.c-jőéz,f hkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Rvóižit	Rvóiždán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
voofáorxjőljut	voofáorxjőjošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
hbfkwőddit	hbfkwőttášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
ŋkSaaáväcut	ŋkSaaáväožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
túCúhrxit	túCúhrxet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
däõáutfdit	däõáutfdeappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
šIMtSübäžut	šIMtSübäžguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
űf,íwí ía	űf,íwí ígain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ržMu Sdnat	ržMu Stnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čcAláűõsat	čcAláűõsá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ó,zúfäbibdlát	ó,zúfäbibd'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ilõÁi čt	ilõÁi čše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
SüdRčmzÁáfpat	SüdRčmzÁáfalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
x-MÁ'üeapt	x-MÁ'üeapjehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
Áäŋ bat	Áäŋ bos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ütueműoIazat	ütueműoIazkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
opcS-jsgvit	opcS-jsgvi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
hčMŧSCoidni	hčMŧSCinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
lciíúIaARat	lciíúIaARgalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sűú,bt	sűú,bjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guođpIčeCiat	guđpIčeCiet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Ibw-ikpzt	Ibw-ikpzbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
o,ivdđzh šlat	o,ivdđzh šažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
ytőKžŧcíhkat	ytőKžŧcígašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
MzcRofn'dnáde	etniidMzcRofn'tte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
lwéyhat	lwéyhi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
gälűeüat	gälűeüá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
SíKõúh-zkcut	SíKõúh-zvccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óiöc-rva	óiöc-rvan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gSõöygFuxKt	gSõöygFuxKvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ärho'aídat	ärho'aídabuin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
nÁafkIéit	nÁafkIétášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
'RcmFtcit	'RcmFtceappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
R-kjžASőját	R-kjžASőjába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
õ -öhúóslut	õ -öhúós'lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
žeŋfšäR a	žeŋfšäR sain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ŋb-d--t	ŋb-d--ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cadKtRpStfút	caKtRpStfút	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaiéoRpfut	reiéoRpfrožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
áRő fwuRit	áRő fwuRtežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luosäynstit	lusäynsii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
čŧ.RžSxt	čŧ.RžSxbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
bnpuuKnósat	bnpuuKnóažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
xvlíúK,õõt	xvlíúK,õõbus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
iŧ zk'htna	iŧ zk'hnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
đvstwt	đvstwt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
zIälRsđit	zIälRsášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
mIíxuIbmat	mIíxuImmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dadFšŧAčhlt	daFšŧAčhlžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
 úrpKRešyat	 úrpKRešygai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
FrõőÁõiäut	FrõőÁõiätole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IKášhcgyat	IKášhcgyoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
nFzSÁKM,ŧnt	nFzSÁKM,ŧnbuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
wIkópbzsvat	wIkópbzsven	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
gRfíw.nt	gRfíw.njehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
yAbŋKfúpt	yAbŋKfúpi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 IyöcxRtut	 IyöcxRtšožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
õo'I õwIMdhčit	õo'I õwIMdžii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ayújmhki	ayújmgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
óSxőzűrat	óSxőzűašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
đ.jüaőđta	đ.jüaőđtsaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
Mműylat	Mműylkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gáúe dxŋjs	gáúe dxŋjssii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Klödá Rt	Klödá Rbu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Mhbáxipvat	Mhbáxipažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
aõčvüö ,Áčargut	aõčvüö ,Áčrggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cŋüsšut	cŋüsšduidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
e 'FIhjÁoit	e 'FIhjÁoehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
vSRšfúggut	vSRšfúkkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Mbíŋiéfi	Mbíŋiéfdiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
 KoaRőmwt.alli	 KoaRőmwt.liiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
hŧ vfáabbut	hŧ vfáppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
SäüüšuzIi	SäüüšuzIbit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
óiŋüshcat	óiŋüszažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
 wÁŋba.cőčš	 wÁŋba.cőčžžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boa.eiuobit	bo.eiuobdii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ášiyiorat	ášiyioaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
nzőlrcMit	nzőlrcMe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuolueMyđđRit	čulueMyđđRos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
.äšÁSit	.äšÁSdáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gtFŋ-õáhvtit	gtFŋ-õáhvtu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
cAéížŋRjšbamos	cAéížŋRjšbpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
hőžóéíju	hőžóéíju	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ó wmSdSat	ó wmSdSgale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohcfúeKzt	ozfúeKzšin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
CđeyKwáAgedjut	CđeyKwáAgejo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ywfÁFjűt	ywfÁFjűbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
uÁ,AFűIat	uÁ,AFűIvašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
-óéŧűgsat	-óéŧűgaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sbjwSSIkčat	sbjwSSIvččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ŧd l.hhcat	ŧd l.hzalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fníylé'htit	fníylé'đášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
reap.tnMéut	rep.tnMéoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
IbőúceRtnztit	IbőúceRtnzáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ivMíMat	ivMíMet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
'žđfíŋRmtat	'žđfíŋRman	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuojú'õSMõiut	čujú'õSMõio	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
zj űčfCűaibmut	zj űčfCűimmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
veaaaRh xuni	veaaRh xungiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
uhoI lezmIddat	uhoI lezmIttaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ÁFkšxya	ÁFkšxyđamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
RfävFčú ,ča	RfävFčú ,čan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
.űr.mžhšMit	.űr.mžhšMdále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SIáčíallut	SIáčílošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuoahsdbywđCut	vuahsdbywđCkoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
i,gsxcó at	i,gsxcó et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
,uR,ómt	,uR,ómt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
áäűtxéű hcut	áäűtxéű zuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
čá,šÁäat	čá,šÁäaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
čšvđ'Knŧžkit	čšvđ'Knŧžežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋŋRwojdbpmi	ŋŋRwojdbmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
yüűecki	yüűecis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
žv-bägCMrat	žv-bägCMaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
p-icjúpKo'i	p-icjúpKo'in	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
 hé,omüaéit	 hé,omüaétiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ŧx-uőSžjrat	ŧx-uőSžjalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žIpIűtódž-vat	žIpIűtódž-ašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joar.SCMtit	jor.SCMtot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
lzm,lRét	lzm,lRébehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
v,ke,öMiđmggat	v,ke,öMiđmkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
kjCüI,űóut	kjCüI,űóvun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
-iŋéSMčűüŋhkit	-iŋéSMčűüŋgáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
r šfylat	r šfyažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
őmrS'rõit	őmrS'rõtášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guoeŋ.Á.Säwat	gueŋ.Á.Säwet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ršor.CAi	ršor.CAiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ädkFhC mt	ädkFhC mbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
uuCIjéedna	uuCIjéenna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
vaxw öŋKnat	vaxw öŋKnon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
krkohamos	krkohpmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
.šá -lat	.šá -'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
 Suvtb,füõt	 Suvtb,füõbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
wMŋđzKpt	wMŋđzKpbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
úkzm,S űõadjit	ejúkzm,S űõžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
iR-M,it	iR-M,tášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
SđáARit	SđáARe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
žõMöüjak'äit	žõMöüjak'ädáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mMátxFüCfka	mMátxFüCfkat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
õ cRűA Mí'lji	õ cRűA Mí'ji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
eäöw sxáiargŋut	eäöw sxáirkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luoöyűčK.öŧit	luöyűčK.öŧtii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
íImKđ űuhpat	íImKđ űubaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éwKtá'M, gŋat	éwKtá'M, kŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
rgűSlfit	rgűSlfgežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
idkkCósmat	idkkCósmoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧkacn'it	ŧkacn'dášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
,yhtwwpa	,yhtwwas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
A-čbwKš	A-čbwKččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
KyjbtMutcis	KyjbtMutáin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
 SAldžö-vhkat	 SAldžö-vgašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ŧuđáičiat	ŧuđáičidat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
KIkšx.õióAat	KIkšx.õióAzašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
űčlóft	űčlófttain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 ómrFnpkŋat	 ómrFnpŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
mŋ'inndúcäat	mŋ'inndúcädažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
heagbIdÁCut	hegbIdÁCguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
pRu-Khlfat	pRu-Khlfda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
úxŧSeŧA-áíit	úxŧSeŧA-áíet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
éänföít	éänföíleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hsmÁfükt	hsmÁfükt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ucáäŋla	ucáäŋa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roaxyRóAčfit	roxyRóAčfe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ógtvgat	ógtvgdaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ibF vőlat	ibF vőaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ikóčđžűípyat	Ikóčđžűípyka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
õA'óől..ci	õA'óől..it	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
rdbžytn,ő'a	rdbžytn,ő'ii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
axŋA'at	axŋA'et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
KfŋK,ííymu	KfŋK,ííymun	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
R.wxkd ürat	R.wxkd üaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yeägõjrK'õi	yeägõjrK'õái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
CčÁá'eit	CčÁá'eet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ötRSdKt	ötRSdKvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
g ,úf,jbžmt	g ,úf,jbžmdis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
CéSsnIšit	CéSsnIšeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ä,tR'hhvat	ä,tR'hhviddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Ápžvöxvövát	Ápžvöxvö'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
owéocgdgit	owéocgdgeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋwíumešat	ŋwíumešbaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dőKžuIóIshkit	dőKžuIóIsgežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
úCIasnüđit	úCIasnüđi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juođc phíőÁbut	juđc phíőÁbbuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
üSjtF'gŋat	üSjtF'kŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧyj.ói-aúddat	ŧyj.ói-aúttale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-ne alm.iAt	-ne alm.iAvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
šAlh,FMit	šAlh,FMeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
Ikžtyftkrat	Ikžtyftka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boaKI i'ut	boKI i'dolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zõbõča	zõbõča	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
tlŧábhhat	tlŧábhhtaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoanMöóöi	čonMöóögiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ŧéšiföí uűt	ŧéšiföí uűbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
íisávmIt	íisávmIše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ekezét	ekezébehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
 áejoj hpat	 áejoj baleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sűúRMjiI a	sűúRMjiI an	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ivmóžíuívt	ivmóžíuívšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
jö gnöy-mŋit	jö gnöy-mŋeappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
fsüžštőuáyit	fsüžštőuáyi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ehéäfyäkúoat	ehéäfyäkúogan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
v íäög Iat	v íäög Ii	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ŧõŋIhat	ŧõŋIhkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
.fSbaa	.fSbataiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
jđäŧyis	jđäŧytásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
ŋőŋMžösb.rat	ŋőŋMžösb.ašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
íávŋFt,ötit	íávŋFt,öežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
tRhmdw'it	tRhmdw'eappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
šMvőõiúcvat	šMvőõiúcalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úúsdščdt	úúsdščdža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
RčbffKeáFt	RčbffKeáFt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Kővtŧput	Kővtŧut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
IAgöün'ls	IAgöün'lsa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
r eđ,óúamos	r eđ,óúpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
afsFŧõöblit	afsFŧõöbáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
jtalMskat	jtalMskot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
eefazđšéõit	eefazđšéõet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuožkčxäAit	vužkčxäAet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
eIíéwézđImmas	eIíéwézđIbmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ŋčSK gÁkt	ŋčSK gÁkba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cojMyäohnat	cokkaleijMyäohna	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
äaŋbžit	äaŋbžtiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
grzúta baőt	grzúta baőžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
.ss-üžeovssu	.ss-üžeksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
xr-o mKKÁt	xr-o mKKÁšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
üm'MSm -la	üm'MSm -a	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
faomyŧa	faomyaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
Faenõvažüčat	Faenõvažüalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đrõzíAcőáőoggut	đrõzíAcőáőkkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
knwücólúvtat	knwücólúvtet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
wh.űõCd,šat	wh.űõCd,ašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ÁA n,ŧéi	ÁA n,ŧéin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Árd-'It	Árd-'Iidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
 'owMsut	 'owMsdožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
jÁhiRüössat	jÁhiRüösai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
tohá'ut	tohá'os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
heabuűuőFlõut	hebuűuőFlõgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
SKáFbi	SKáFbái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
öjöšpC.t	öjöšpC.t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
úsMCuműö it	úsMCuműö dáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őmAkj'ŧrKa	őmAkj'ŧrKa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buoŋAõáčit	buŋAõáčen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
 byčšxbMít	 byčšxbMíbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuocäčhlűžmut	čucäčhlűžmkuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
Aö-'dkmhpat	Aö-'dkmbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Amkiöiäoát	Amkiöiäoába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
úzíótuRr'kdnit	úzíótuRr'knniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cad'ähöwhkt	ca'ähöwhkžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋ-Fkő-óÁáčit	ŋ-Fkő-óÁáčebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Főčfčša	Főčfčšaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
MaAbkkždna	MaAbkkžnnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
žúIf 'lát	žúIf ''lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
émpejRgčtta	émpejRgčddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ehsuAtut	ehsuAošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dipKnawővt	diKnawővžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
,áKaüAflna	,áKaüAflna	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
éytpd.jit	éytpd.jon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
eúúäís	eúúäís	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ídfõőkhkat	ídfõőkgašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
íáMéőkfat	íáMéőkažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
 ŋäéüršaggut	 ŋäéürškkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧčuđäaaíFa	ŧčuđäaaíFa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
'iű đnfit	'iű đnfehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
d,A,-űSőčdat	d,A,-űSőčdon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
KSRläKzIbbi	KSRläKzIppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Mgk'lőzafait	Mgk'lőzafai	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
äjož,  vttir	äjož,  ktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dieow,sõlzšut	diow,sõlzšbošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ímxőőg 'ar	ímxőőg 'kariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
cfmcmzcrxntna	cfmcmzcrxnna	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
kev ,AÁCaikut	kev ,AÁCikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Á.šoC cit	Á.šoC ci	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
FslyyFat	FslyyFkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ílCrkrübammut	ílCrkrübmmot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ábéI,ődíádna	ábéI,ődíánnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
seaŧubrApđsut	seŧubrApđsoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
űőüjtöráahcut	űőüjtörázoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fsmđésCžáčt	fsmđésCžáčgain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
uójuói	uójuóái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
jrgfű-óõbit	jrgfű-óõbon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doaüFI-CčKxrut	doüFI-CčKxrvošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
lokgmhuoIKzt	lovtgmhuoIKzime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
w-.MCit	w-.MCtáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wlõšbfK sjt	wlõšbfK sjjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
foítf'Mät	foítf'Mäle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rvFđfwcat	rvFđfwažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
FwKšyFCwágat	FwKšyFCwágkažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
áSbvlat	áSbvle	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuod.aÁikyšSšot	vu.aÁikyšSšoiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
KžnđuIÁobit	KžnđuIÁobežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
bŧäFbõü' at	bŧäFbõü' oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
m,rőFŋx'fpmas	m,rőFŋx'fbmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
s,SšMég,tiat	s,SšMég,tivaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
KySvwl.MFit	KySvwl.MFeappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
wŋlmüIžišit	wŋlmüIžišiba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
e FeKnCs	e FeKnCsin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
giktthõ.úht	givstthõ.úhleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yíbaűxddut	yíbaűxttuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
cműúapđ vat	cműúapđ ale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
FkxwénlF'et	FkxwénlF'ega	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ű'lof Seut	ű'lof Seboleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šcž-hígFčMt	šcž-hígFčMba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
féčnŧx puet	féčnŧx puen	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čie ,čtCÁžat	či ,čtCÁžet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Fnúúšõ.-syit	Fnúúšõ.-sykiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
gRoCAwCut	gRoCAwCložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
čóđž,éžÁt	čóđž,éžÁdiid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
úKáäzbŋF t	úKáäzbŋF t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
rámécet	rámécii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
-ako. ut	-ako. colii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đyčŧCt	đyčŧCt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dõboFšhta	dõboFšđaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
öxfggüsílšbmat	öxfggüsílšmmaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ašőw'uó.zt	Ašőw'uó.zžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
eŧŋõéoäöit	eŧŋõéoäöeažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
segbáőat	segbáőá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
noúäwt Cvat	noúäwt Caimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
đ-Rh.ŋšggűhkat	đ-Rh.ŋšggűgažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suoúlŧsŧeit	suúlŧsŧeet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
riéy.ARAat	riebažéy.ARAet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ACčAwAkcut	ACčAwAvcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
mwfúđba	mwfúđhpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
iŧäčd',l.ahci	iŧäčd',l.ziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čeayšlđ ,n'ŧat	čeyšlđ ,n'ŧon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
enAnüžbFmrát	enAnüžbFm'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vijŋÁvat	vijŋÁašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
õäpnö-.,t	õäpnö-.,še	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
wŧwút.it	wŧwút.táleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
eőhMlhőúärat	eőhMlhőúäaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mäICoíÁúkčat	mäICoíÁúvččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
kničúit	kničúdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
šőFRRz akcut	šőFRRz vccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dadčđA,fcsäáit	dačđA,fcsäáišeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
yoFAFŋlápit	yoFAFŋláposet	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
vhvnpši	vhvnpšin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
d,kä-ŋűühla	d,kä-ŋűühaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Mčz,-hnŋáđit	Mčz,-hnŋáđeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
 iFszKopt	 iFszKopt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
AdóCyűba	AdóCyűbla	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
 cIgiÁbűdšat	 cIgiÁbűdaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sđ-ajófŧeAit	sđ-ajófŧeAan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋólCõőmđput	ŋólCõőmđpgoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
iFR.ldt	iFR.ldbuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
,ImöKit	,ImöKos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
'.wycr	'.wycriin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
cemžxIzat	cemžxIzgalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ómAákAit	ómAákAeiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
hš íwnížáétnit	hš íwnížáénežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
Ázi,hđŧat	Ázi,hđŧdaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ktcä-wt	Ktcä-wšeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
rzúMdí.fnáedjat	rzúMdí.fnádjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
a .KI'äš	a .KI'äččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ŧžo-lueúÁft	ŧžo-lueúÁfbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
tgűžFvKpkdvit	tgűžFvKpkdále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muoížzóüit	muížzóüoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
íjtfpFkit	íjtfpFket	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čív-č'Fbzygas	čív-č'Fbzyasa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
d.ŋyaha	d.ŋyahlaid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
jfSaSyA éit	jfSaSyA éat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
üađKpmÁIžrt	üađKpmÁIžršeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átžRóiót	ážRóióide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
w-äKžt	w-äKžn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
iKtđíeMÁzet	iKtđíeMÁziidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
yizčuoxssut	yizčuoxssušeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
bävcM.ut	bävcM.os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuoRmKjRut	čuRmKjRkožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
cxMF.t eigut	cxMF.t iggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
A.šéyŧdnádet	etniinA.šéyŧttet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
éywkífänđt	éywkífänđšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boas.cdüáríkűut	bos.cdüáríkűduimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
yoSeSbčat	yoSeSbaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
úűžekúg sit	úűžekúg sdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
hää.sčomšđit	hää.sčomšášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
áš šóIt	áš šóIleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hácjjut	hácjjdut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
öaóüjFSClat	öaóüjFSCašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
akwAgSsat	akwAgSaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋfomIsn'jit	ŋfomIsn'jeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
I rŋg'it	I rŋg'ežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
šz äIcs-taš	šz äIcs-taččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
pekCby.-hsut	pekCby.-hsdošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
Sáđútkt	Sáđútkžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
odö.-ävljut	odö.-ävjožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
aÁpđŧt	aÁpđŧvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
hõžűnksšr	hõžűnksšra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
í'šžzéjúM'at	í'šžzéjúM'á	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
hóIuäđöelhci	hóIuäđöelzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Iőóŋócztuyhpat	Iőóŋócztuybat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
hAnrRáallut	hAnrRáloleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lguúIlulat	lguúIluažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Ch pSäxr	Ch pSäxra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
yoč űwt	yoč űwt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
wű' Kt	wű' Kt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieMš,nóMat	čiMš,nóMet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
kd,umsőoska	kd,umsőoneaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
jütűáfit	jütűáfi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ž pRg,at	ž pRg,et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
MőCžát	MőCžájin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
uá-Kčwűa	uá-Kčwűan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gõőÁrFmlat	gõőÁrFmaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Kmšúfŧgäixit	Kmšúfŧgäixos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
š c'pžCõét	š c'pžCõéjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
őŋóówat	őŋóówkale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 i'.Cräörat	 i'.Cräöaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
abSSwzKű'đit	abSSwzKű'đebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čäKkáMügcut	čäKkáMügošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
 đzgdRrut	 đzgdRo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
äSmpzcűa	äSmpzcűat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
mmŋ SRit	mmŋ SRon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
gšđw Áwit	gšđw Áwan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ú ŧvcpit	ú ŧvcpeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
rIxzéöat	rIxzéökaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
'ŋ.pA vFlát	'ŋ.pA vF'láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
šiÁŋRőúcäš	šiÁŋRőúcäžiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
sxeoŋg.'aat	sxeoŋg.'adažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋFúiióÁmhkat	ŋFúiióÁmgažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
Rŋeénŋgrat	Rŋeénŋgat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
rFáÁbži	rFáÁbžjit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
 tűõC Ikvoggut	 tűõC Ikvokkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
AIgR,űš	AIgR,űža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
äžSmjv'uiőt	äžSmjv'uiőt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
őkúíűđ őwa	ole őkúíűđ őwnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
C..eŋuđ-ki	C..eŋuđ-eiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
flűcõa	flűcõkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
,pSrőžu.ta	olisit ,pSrőžu.nnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
niisüSäjä	niisüSäjkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
es,k.čŋäa	olemme es,k.čŋäeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
õõwweét-lxnen	õõwweét-lxsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
óõiŧ-a	óõiŧ-oiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
šn,,Anen	šn,,Asella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
-mK.őv oómi	-mK.őv oómilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
lfpüiuCoKä	olisi lfpüiuCoKnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
píäRRnMö	píäRRnMöitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
hmbpúpbđi	hmbpúpbđeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
xy-kiu	xy-kiuna	N;FRML;SG;finnish
šFa'Suso	šFa'Susoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
đivFFüŋžä	älkööt đivFFüŋžkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
őäl'gä	őäl'gisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
űädűõCa	ei űädűõCnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
lűkKuRa	älköön lűkKuRko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
hcaõFíxoi	hcaõFíxoien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Fšú,đöđs	Fšú,đöđs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
RófyyÁa	RófyyÁa	V;NFIN;finnish
đfšojf'õŋlä	älköön đfšojf'õŋkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
SzőÁFi	SzőÁFissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Möíml zi	Möíml zilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
jKxŧMžpđa	lienee jKxŧMžpđtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
hűŋKÁtyä	älköön hűŋKÁdyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
atnfzä	olisi atnfzty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
pŋánüa	emme liene pŋánüneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
Mdm,Rjixxói	Mdm,Rjixxóista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
écőyöe	écőyöeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
teöéő,jŋnen	teöéő,jŋsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
-zfčŋö'ta	-zfčŋö'nille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
IItližča	IItližčoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
xccScAIktaa	ette xccScAIka	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
šrőIčs	šrőIčdelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
äojcüki	äojcüeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
wFé'ŧškata	en wFé'ŧškkaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
aáiáŋä	on aáiáŋnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
žäčbeMkvúa	et žäčbeMkvúne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
íjz kncoti	íjz kncoilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
láäzba	láäzboin	N;INS;PL;finnish
KőönuÁiála	älkäämme KőönuÁiáko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
FeažbjKi	FeažbjKien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
lKčlújyyt	lKčlújyeisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
aõčrčŧ'Aa	olisin aõčrčŧ'Anut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
SíuäsICÁőüa	SíuäsICÁőükoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
-õöIéhnka	ei ollut -õöIéhnkut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
a Sűo'ä	a Sűo'ästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
 ükiŧúi	 ükiŧúeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
gyAgőa	gyAgőassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
õxAíAfőóFws	õxAíAfőóFwdet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
fsäÁebtnen	fsäÁebtsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
k  cömMulza	olin k  cömMulznut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
rh.RekFŋÁgtaa	rh.RekFŋÁgettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
.rybKwÁuImta	ette .rybKwÁuImnneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
á hčjčCőyáää	älköön á hčjčCőyáettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
én-Krähk	én-Krähkeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ŧ.č'dma	älkäämme ŧ.č'dmko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
fziõáwúsa	olen fziõáwúsnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ÁI üea	ei ÁI üea	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
varúRöS äúata	ette varúRöS äúpaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
v.aIő-eááä	lienemme v.aIő-eááneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
üAvđmÁka	üAvđmÁoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
Kf l.nä	en ole Kf l.nnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
F-úelõCfCä	lienet F-úelõCfCnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennäöÁű,õccxd,n	menivätöÁű,õccxd,n	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
zdrhuŋŧkj'aa	zdrhuŋŧkj'i	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
íüIõ.a	eivät íüIõ.ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ügmy rta	lienemme ügmy rnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
sgúöwauff s	sgúöwauff ksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
doM ,váa	doM ,váaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
píbjgmAntaa	píbjgmAnettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
aIw-űIosfi	aIw-űIosfille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
gč nmžá iui	gč nmžá iui	N;ACC;SG;finnish
KIICybä	KIICybiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ukúoöi	ukúoöiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
üŧäRáa	üŧäRáoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
pz SMŋŋi	pz SMŋŋeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
úlÁcxä	älköön olko úlÁcxtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
oK aC.SMi	oK aC.SMia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
é'Fmmiífpmas	é'Fmmiífppailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ősÁMíai	ősÁMíaissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Csp'pa	ette olisi Csp'pneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
nõüMyžmöAji	nõüMyžmöAjea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
áxdaIKx y	áxdaIKx y	N;NOM;SG;finnish
höfõfõeoö.s	höfõfõeoö.ksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
tr AäoKäžCtä	eivät olisi tr AäoKäžCnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
cičú í žíä tajuntansa	cičú í žíkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
whCjcnti	whCjcnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ócőjyžŧs	ócőjyžŧkset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
wóőwäú.ŧmka	wóőwäú.ŧmkoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Fuštashnen	Fuštashsella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
jSztFűs	jSztFűdellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
hg mFCeđKa	ei liene hg mFCeđKttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
feSmpÁwgéi	feSmpÁwgéeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
čptnőíi	čptnőíia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
SčúšSűko ta	en ole SčúšSűko tnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
c.Sčzwđjgta	c.Sčzwđjgava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
 ,äénäa	 ,äénäit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
xoMüúKáéa	lienen xoMüúKáénut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
dŋõCšű,e	dŋõCšű,keelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kügäžtä	älkäämme olko kügäžnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
mbpdbküknen	mbpdbküksiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
-wbrmnen	-wbrmsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
zIihđŋ őäs	zIihđŋ őäksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
FkSeűűata	FkSeűűasin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ióIvlFdtu	ióIvlFdduin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
 sfswžk tyä	 sfswžk nytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
eűAbbú-ShRi	eűAbbú-ShRi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
á ,MIđdaä	ette á ,MIđdaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
 ,g-lúFea	 ,g-lúFea	N;ACC;SG;finnish
AíŋÁsÁđđéa	olisitte AíŋÁsÁđđéneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
IvbÁtKFútjka	IvbÁtKFútjalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
hCűlõőŧúla	hCűlõőŧúloitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
šKzŋji	šKzŋjille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
 páŧ-sfwtaa	ei  páŧ-sfwettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
úõä  R zjca	olimme úõä  R zjcneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
oáeéwúR'Saa	oli oáeéwúR'Settu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
-Acjvžilzdi	-Acjvžilzdeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
égkažKžhöa	égkažKžhöi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
mfhnío	mfhníoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
wüKdsüSüba	ei ole wüKdsüSübnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
taűzÁa	taűzÁaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
očú Msi	očú Mseille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Cbfxŧa đai	Cbfxŧa đaille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
I,-gnhda	et I,-gnhnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
'Iűyđõi	'Iűyđõiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
izapRa	izapRkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
.jočpe	.jočpteet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
-dIu. po,Sa	ette olisi -dIu. po,Sneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
udvlRccRdto	udvlRccRddot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
mčCá rzva	ei olisi mčCá rzvnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
žIoKsKtõFgtää	on žIoKsKtõFgetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
yđä,áŋnen	yđä,áŋsestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
núpűxo	núpűxoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ugIúŋtä	olkaamme ugIúŋnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Ižs 'xfMs	Ižs 'xfMs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
KpRMšIa	KpRMšIa	V;NFIN;finnish
ioRđas.j'Au	ioRđas.j'Aujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
vmm, oz ,ä	vmm, oz ,ät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ÁnIu.šéi	ÁnIu.šéeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
rgRyxbA'aga	rgRyxbA'agat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
đíKwdčđpAgda	ei olisi đíKwdčđpAgtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
žšűbúbéa	olen žšűbúbénut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
hKeú-hgÁea	hKeú-hgÁeojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
yÁŧréwlőta	ei yÁŧréwlőnne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
FIűrj íäAa	ei FIűrj íäAisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
lčiőíša	et lčiőíšut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
đäđIdóxemla	đäđIdóxemtaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
KxcIFka	KxcIFan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ephFóKbtta	olivat ephFóKbtnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
..áčF'jn	..áčF'jn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
yműulös	yműulös	N;NOM;SG;finnish
íčjAStaa	íčjASramme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
đyüiwäÁa	đyüiwäÁoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
žüäovF,y	žüäovF,yittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ŋõölčiybumtua	ŋõölčiybumduttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
dAlüónzäta	ei dAlüónzäse	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
űoMxbÁda	ette űoMxbÁde	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
ŋ e'üSs	ŋ e'üSs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
abjnfns	abjnfnksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ubSoéoj dfa	olivat ubSoéoj dfneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
lvŋéda	lvŋédissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
Mbŋiäst'õta	Mbŋiäst'õamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
sŧy,wbävűnen	sŧy,wbävűset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
õ snböti	õ snböeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
xl őCbúä	xl őCbúnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
,öšúuŋõbua	et ,öšúuŋõbu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
öxjóMvdä	olimme öxjóMvneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ÁđfđõdbŋőAo	ÁđfđõdbŋőAona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
övcshnFpl,i	övcshnFpl,it	N;NOM;PL;finnish
KFđŋxä	et ole KFđŋxnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
h xkCka	emme h xkCkneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
kCõw.őóämíi	kCõw.őóämíein	N;INS;PL;finnish
eőíKükKsia	olit eőíKükKsinut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
fŋezéójti	fŋezéójnit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
fKűSma	älkää olko fKűSmneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Käscõa	Käscõitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ae-ba,ä	emme olleet ae-ba,eet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
RöúCõ .rča	eivät olleet RöúCõ .rčneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ä sgFóa	ä sgFóoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
,.KAAo-fApä	emme ,.KAAo-fApne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
lfjuoxüműuu	lfjuoxüműuuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Mókswő,Ás	Mókswő,Áksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Ahfe Isäõws	Ahfe Isäõwksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
rmsSaKFa	rmsSaKFnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
ópéoeeái	ópéoeeáeillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
še,Cz da	en ollut še,Cz nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
íáókŋóa	íáókŋóan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ä'đÁÁhÁoa	ä'đÁÁhÁoat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
yhSósRwa	olit yhSósRwnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
CišõwóŋtMís	CišõwóŋtMíkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
RéÁá za	et ole RéÁá znut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
kđóxđõd,dŧka	kđóxđõd,dŧassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
no'ev tää	no'ev rettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
ÁScIú swa	en liene ÁScIú swnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
FmvüFw'ä	eivät olleet FmvüFw'neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
úöoogSä	olette úöoogSeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
vFđájIlida	vFđájIlidat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ŧõyclwčđđtä	ŧõyclwčđđnästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
űŋúk-da	űŋúk-n	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ščfúls lähisukulaisten kesken	ščfúldeksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
r.Ko,päehŧta	r.Ko,päehŧnnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
AőuKjApÁőaa	ei liene AőuKjApÁőettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
r nágŋgpÁa	r nágŋgpÁoilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
õvŋŧeoä'yka	ei ole õvŋŧeoä'ykut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
buIIRj MzÁko	buIIRj MzÁoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
gämÁmr-Iuli	gämÁmr-Iuleinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
fžyrRSMMonen	fžyrRSMMosta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
ötRjfRä	ötRjfRisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
 šőóAõtaa	 šőóAõdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
óönšyavöa	óönšyavöa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
gžílxo	gžílxoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
 onueóá,u	 onueóá,ista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
bgCŧtčéxŋe	bgCŧtčéxŋteineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
üiün'wAfxtaa	üiün'wAfxettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
äAáKxöppso	äAáKxöppsolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
žcIfÁóMra	žcIfÁóMroilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
t ryűnen	t ryűsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
zubš,a	lienette zubš,neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
éúčžőŋRši	éúčžőŋRšista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
tjeatíka	tjeatíat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
cäáxha	cäáxhin	N;INS;PL;finnish
äFjsaž,a	äFjsaž,oja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ÁiFédxŋo	ÁiFédxŋon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
KvÁő.u	KvÁő.un	N;GEN;SG;finnish
üziözpnen	üziözpsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
bítRräpvKr	bítRräpvKrille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
mRüAjóueka	mRüAjóuealle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
yIdčđkzba	yIdčđkzbasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
õŧ-ŧõšha	õŧ-ŧõšhilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
éÁölKda	éÁölKtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
moeđAélCõhä	ei ole moeđAélCõhnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
tAu-Mlküöa	lienet tAu-Mlküönut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
űä iFičűha	űä iFičűhassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
zKoIdx-ŧti	zKoIdx-ŧnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Mmg.őŋaFöÁtua	ei ollut Mmg.őŋaFöÁduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
úfvby-dta	olin úfvby-dnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
áüjMečlo	áüjMečloiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
đRčxlŋmi	đRčxlŋmeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
áxžckóMMta	áxžckóMMee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
žőoŧüa-ála	žőoŧüa-ákaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
bhäyhlöKda	ei bhäyhlöKne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
xšnrua'o-a	xšnrua'o-a	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ŧőõvoo	ŧőõvooista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
fIcRióe	fIcRióeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ldđcátKika	ldđcátKjalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
íõpvFj,odžta	et ollut íõpvFj,odžnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
š.RbtéCžvóo	š.RbtéCžvóo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
AcüzõKyóla	AcüzõKyólnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
őMäžypžzpo	őMäžypžzoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ŋIzo,üűši	ŋIzo,üűšia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ulűéoo'ä	eivät ulűéoo'isi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
šb dcáui	šb dcáueissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ósuedMjgi	ósuedMjgit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
,vn.áha	,vn.áhat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
éfieäpfäbIa	et éfieäpfäbIne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
'ŧvdžfíhi	'ŧvdžfíheineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
íčyFűoAh znen	íčyFűoAh zsessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
öy.űFőŧčho	öy.űFőŧčholle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
čvIvőRér.ia	oli čvIvőRér.itu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
iŋ-jmxtmŋíta	ovat iŋ-jmxtmŋínneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ny.óv at	ny.óv ilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
.wđkdäu	.wđkdäuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
sokjiiki	sokjiikin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
meyaáAoellä	ei meyaáAotele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
úáRmäűa	úáRmäűoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
õnÁpzua	olkoon õnÁpzuut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
IAióÁtAŧmbtaa mieleensä	ei IAióÁtAŧmbettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
MnüsFhbMIeö	MnüsFhbMIeöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
őcvžű M'őda	ei ollut őcvžű M'őtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
ú-Aóäđžöy	ú-Aóäđžöyä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
õnčrSs	õnčrSsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
aeywRtaä'i	aeywRtaä'eilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
üuóđv óda	olisimme üuóđv óneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
I Aagđbŧűellä	I Aagđbŧűtelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
j cosočŧgtua	ei j cosočŧgduta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
kamhkŋ SCä	kamhkŋ SCnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
cééđžläKxía	cééđžläKxíassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
e hMwstaa	e hMwsdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
-u,óíŋi	-u,óíŋissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
llshsüjki	llshsüjeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Mé ŋrŋCőč i	Mé ŋrŋCőč eissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
xiyKzüxpíŋa	emme ole xiyKzüxpíŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
iCöúRSpres	iCöúRSpres	N;ACC;SG;finnish
w se'Ktlŧdda	eivät liene w se'Ktlŧdneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ÁuhägeCas	ÁuhägeCkaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydäxtőARi	käynemmextőARi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
öwüč.ái	öwüč.ái	N;NOM;SG;finnish
úxläxÁKda	on úxläxÁKdnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
úMlÁatžga	eivät olisi úMlÁatžgneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
I- 'őp	I- 'őpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
õCK.űia	olkaamme õCK.űieet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
zägKdoMsőóä	zägKdoMsőóänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
cÁ.iŧIjvúku	cÁ.iŧIjvúuille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
áSíbüFja	en ole áSíbüFjnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
dpŋIuMtaa	ei ole dpŋIuMettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
Iü-g 'syeika	Iü-g 'syejat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
 --sőzóŋóxpi	 --sőzóŋóxit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
dA,,,űruúnen	dA,,,űruúsillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
CőlMvuo-xüa	CőlMvuo-xüa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
FűüžKRoo	FűüžKRootta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
íuólItCnen	íuólItCsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
Id-úm,eőa	lienette Id-úm,eőneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
öóíhä-gCta	emme olisi öóíhä-gCnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
.uflyűCnéõa	en olisi .uflyűCnéõnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
, -'in	, -'imissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ä -šŋa	eivät ole ä -šŋeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
 -nvAaä	 -nvAaineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
kljegnen	kljegsista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
CRSthígbs	CRSthígbksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
jv iIeä	olkaamme jv iIeeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
íúkoCjíiűa	íúkoCjíiűaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
mcR .i	mcR .i	N;ACC;SG;finnish
fbabbÁIhtää	fbabbÁIhdettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
lčpvuojčjka	lčpvuojčjoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
őŧIõõs	őŧIõõksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
md rfIa'zä	ette ole md rfIa'zeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
õtedykbhi	õtedykbhissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
evŋöža	evŋöžaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
áítčúa	et ollut áítčúnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
'gr.íx u'pä	ole 'gr.íx u'pnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
škyőŧágbmbä	ei olisi škyőŧágbmbnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
űóM-c'ŋíõKo	űóM-c'ŋíõKoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
 p zunšfnen	 p zunšfsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
đ-Fóuwsa	đ-Fóuwsaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
rCgőtbäkÁa	emme olleet rCgőtbäkÁneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
äzIáéa	älkäämme olko äzIáéneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ApfíCääéi	ApfíCääéistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
zRŧžúabvtua	zRŧžúabvdu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
šybb.s	šybb.ksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
SItđčysii	SItđčysiia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
cbrtChgyxä	oli cbrtChgyxnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
isoíšKKnFs	isoíšKKnFksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
úíéglís	úíéglíksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
čjjhFoRaAa	eivät čjjhFoRaAneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
đrvvőArnen	đrvvőArsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
IFxCa'u	IFxCa'ut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
pŋMSiüpšútä	pŋMSiüpšúnitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
RüőFAšőäzet	RüőFAšőäziksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
fym,as	fym,akseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ÁččM'apböu	ÁččM'apböutta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
'awxca	emme olleet 'awxcneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
b Áfdúoúe	b Áfdúoúe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Sx-ŧhäMta	olin Sx-ŧhäMnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŧChAKvőCFu	ŧChAKvőCFusta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
aFáaKyöäi	aFáaKyöäien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
crđäabäšSjdä	ei olisi crđäabäšSjty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
,vKgÁőäaöűa	oli ,vKgÁőäaöűnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
,čg'l s	,čg'l teen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
őKköúI'ä	őKköúI'net	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
lAŋxfšeuu	lAŋxfšeuu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
műrimuta	műrimuamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
íiđvtmrktä	et ollut íiđvtmrksyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
-elArfMghla	-elArfMghtaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
dcyiRüdä	en olisi dcyiRüdnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
Fbóűvä	Fbóűvälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
w,ä,ügbdKka	w,ä,ügbdKoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
lcúxsžče ä	lcúxsžče ältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ällöStaa	ällöSettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
dxnjsati	dxnjsaein	N;INS;PL;finnish
cÁ kõtta	ei liene cÁ kõtsut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
dbõjhía	dbõjhítakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
šcKčwu	šcKčwu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Cŧäíeučo áella	Cŧäíeučo átelivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ö iíšSfsMIta	ö iíšSfsMIlatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
mgáIhIówi	mgáIhIóweilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
 xIAcyoFci	 xIAcyoFceissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
rAjéAa	olet rAjéAut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
đlAKcyóti	đlAKcyótihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
űŧfvöKo	űŧfvöKoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
RobőCčke	RobőCčen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
vKšizMa	emme vKšizMneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
Su ú det	Su ú ksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Sžűräjõä	Sžűräjõkäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ä-üKsa-da	olemme ä-üKsa-dneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ekvŧpüŧčM-s	ekvŧpüŧčM-alta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
wwoyöa	wwoyöoita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ŧsI íä	ŧsI íään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
íaőuõliöÁla	en ollut íaőuõliöÁlut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
déúngőma	et liene déúngőmnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
Rŧämjŧl ,ön	Rŧämjŧl ,tömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
ahaf-űöeati	ahaf-űöeaeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
 včđFwsÁa	eivät  včđFwsÁneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
vgžtbMa	vgžtbMkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ác.iSŋéűRxta	emme liene ác.iSŋéűRxnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
áđőjucű..to	áđőjucű..dolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
õRrwt õku	õRrwt õussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
žya,gIva	emme olisi žya,gIvneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
mkõ ŧa	mkõ ŧoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
CõüC pólIa	CõüC pólIkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
eAŋmõaIđle	eAŋmõaIđleet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
Ii.jvžcŧä	olit Ii.jvžcŧnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
Ádžóuáza	Ádžóuázoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
sŋx. túál ä	eivät olisi sŋx. túál neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
,fyvCkKä	,fyvCkKöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
öp,peáúuwna	et ollut öp,peáúuwnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
sspŋzóimMcs	sspŋzóimMcksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
űp ic űókö	űp ic űóöillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
-.õbai	-.õbaeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
jhigei	jhigeein	N;INS;PL;finnish
xcmäűa	lienemme xcmäűneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
rx.frõICjtää	rx.frõICjettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
Mfen űűa	emme liene Mfen űűneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
'.aívöúki	'.aívöúeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
xbarzjxn	xbarzjxmpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
zxbõaäozpi	zxbõaäozit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
-oimáwa	-oimáwalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
dcxđőü'eüki	dcxđőü'eükeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
őiclji	őicljilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
RxčSüŧá.ti	RxčSüŧá.ille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
č.snjű-i	č.snjű-ien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tŋRk-d jCo	tŋRk-d jColle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
čcu-šlnen	čcu-šlseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
Á'đKAíŋgnen	Á'đKAíŋgsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
üljbbtaa	üljbbettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
féšvŋ,ččtőä	emme olisi féšvŋ,ččtőneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
éäčpoÁŧRda	éäčpoÁŧRkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
õ'Ivŋta	olit õ'Ivŋnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
rlŋsmoIi	rlŋsmoIeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
žüo,yepo	žüo,yeot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
áõöFijríKa	älköön olko áõöFijríKtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
ŋpg néKáa	ŋpg néKákaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
űŧIkRüpú o	űŧIkRüpú oksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
.Cöxwžyä	.Cöxwžyisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
tÁügí.égchä	tÁügí.égchäksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
đáfaS-émdi	đáfaS-émdille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
zöASS.a	olisi zöASS.tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
.cRwrhä	älkää .cRwrhkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
wnöŧeda	olin wnöŧenut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ő-éénda	eivät olleet ő-éénneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
üđáüxtIlgas	üđáüxtIlkaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
K apywáRpä	K apywáRällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
M'bów-čFii	M'bów-čFiia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
geSúzzbe	geSúzzbkeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
'lzeí' gne	'lzeí' gneena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
öoőeIRöa	öoőeIRöoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ečőéű.vita	ečőéű.vinan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
l žeúúpjea	olette l žeúúpjeneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
S-äŋ''M-ä	ole S-äŋ''M-nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
 eís Khía	 eís Khíat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
irž.jifÁki	irž.jifÁit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Aeáügbs mat	Aeáügbs piin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
čŋőíj žššbä	lienee čŋőíj žššbtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
nđíeAg-xkö	nđíeAg-xöissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
 joúRv.taa	ei  joúRv.nettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
jegxeévõšía	ovat jegxeévõšíneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
žŋdžűi	žŋdžűille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
SmAMđŧuä	oli SmAMđŧunyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
đR'óknen	đR'ókset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
F  hiC 'šFn	F  hiC 'šFmettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ifpgđ tu	ifpgđ uksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
óáä sIti	óáä sIneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
éa tjÁa	ole éa tjÁnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
Kűtúŋxgi	Kűtúŋxgit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
reMrŧdsn	reMrŧdsmia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
õäídéi	õäídéien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
úg-dzõsmjida	ette úg-dzõsmji	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
dűő..ge	dűő..geisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ő.hzč o	ő.hzč oina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
beínöFcca	on beínöFccnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
őyéőóčs	őyéőóčksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
,mCbnűImCti	,mCbnűImCitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Khw tRđaii	Khw tRđaieilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
íáržŧüčépnen	íáržŧüčépsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
üäzpŧFswa	üäzpŧFswoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ÁÁõg Itaa	ÁÁõg Iat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
mcŋ'õtzwroa	älkää olko mcŋ'õtzwroneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
cőzäoxđhrcä	cőzäoxđhrcältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
gŧmyIõlla	gŧmyIõllttu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
õz mäűöõnen	õz mäűöõsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
 iouedIjfa	en  iouedIjfsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
SzKo.iClđŧa	SzKo.iClđŧaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
 nmSšIčRla	 nmSšIčRtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
fSIk a	en fSIk ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
yn-AäCüä	yn-AäCüien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdäői-üč üffoi	ette olleet tehneetői-üč üffoi	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
h,fűdó.da	olemme h,fűdó.neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
 .Alazŧekn	 .Alazŧekneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
rŋüxŧđőa	lienet rŋüxŧđőnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
lRazsKu úeä	lRazsKu úeä	V;NFIN;finnish
Á. čKSÁa	ei Á. čKSÁnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
.r-űIa	.r-űIa	V;NFIN;finnish
žKöcKra	emme žKöcKrisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
mőóviScnen	mőóviScselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
éŧpCázwÁmä	éŧpCázwÁmä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
cÁcwäxűi	cÁcwäxűiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
uolnäAđAóđa	olette uolnäAđAóđneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
auIRbbđn	auIRbbđn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
ülwwAxKu	ülwwAxKua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
KšüjáÁti	KšüjáÁein	N;INS;PL;finnish
öžhkdöAi	öžhkdöAeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
IFÁ mvúo	IFÁ mvúona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ojbägRäa	ette olleet ojbägRäneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
hrc,,F-đha	älä ole hrc,,F-đhut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
RđmMbčika	RđmMbčjoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
Kn-úso	Kn-úsotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
flaaudđä	emme flaaudđneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
uzc,õs	uzc,õksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
š áFKhko	š áFKhoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
. é,ŋhíéda	emme . é,ŋhíéneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
õűgŋFa	õűgŋFana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
eŧoghŋgütää	eŧoghŋgüit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
asŧáfás	asŧáfáksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
SnÁv.tyä	SnÁv.yttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
MdõCfévda	ei liene MdõCfévtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
rb,IéFti	rb,IéFissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
uMžbáta	ovat uMžbánneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
xk,őFa	lienemme xk,őFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
g,an-lržuéa	g,an-lržuéana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
 uišjfšpi	 uišjfšmalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
áRčen.KhtRä	áRčen.KhtRtty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
 óéü a	en  óéü nut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
 mIuŧuä	 mIuŧuä	V;NFIN;finnish
đälSdtä	đälSdet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
-niFKÁda	eivät -niFKÁsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
 Ažy pőŋzky	 Ažy pőŋzyltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ŧyšõíukuo	ŧyšõíukuona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
önkkíéőmKõf	önkkíéőmKõfeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
raízđdjli	raízđdjleineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
áđóčylaFAö	áđóčylaFAöön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
Füŧ.ni	Füŧ.nein	N;INS;PL;finnish
Rž prknen	Rž prksina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
kj'őűa	kj'őűkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Caznkđa	Caznkđaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
bíctÁvua	bíctÁvuoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
chtkwžžika	chtkwžžjalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
 --Ktža	 --Ktžalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
zRiohóóCiln	zRiohóóCiln	N;NOM;SG;finnish
,-.ó,FxMŧba	lienevät ,-.ó,FxMŧbneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
pxtIši	pxtIšeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
-Rsđuss-.s	-Rsđuss-.ksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
zwžsÁi	zwžsÁilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
žüsöczta	älkäämme olko žüsöcznneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
tz-oyvzvää	eivät tz-oyvzvä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ŋžwlja	ei ŋžwljnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
č RkfmooŋIi	č RkfmooŋIiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
KMroöIaIlata	KMroöIaIlpasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
Cŋjhiördä	et liene Cŋjhiördyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
tbbõwFÁgžhla	emme tbbõwFÁgžhisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
CrzCŧkäRba	CrzCŧkäRbttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
wbžSoä	wbžSokäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
tKStő Aŋnen	tKStő Aŋsen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
.tfMr,íäda	älä ole .tfMr,íädnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ódóúr'fnen	ódóúr'fsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
mIlŋxyiChFnen	mIlŋxyiChFsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
KRnóőšmo	KRnóőšmo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ŋMeúsa	olkoon ŋMeúsnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
xcAyažéjófta	xcAyažéjófnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
''űxšFmu	''űxšFmulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
äuoyõSdKyxtaa	ei äuoyõSdKyxettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
-lFsnFt pi	-lFsnFt eitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Aé-wraa	Aé-wraaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
,puÁys	,puÁys	N;ACC;SG;finnish
sp-íčŋüts	sp-íčŋüttena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
kšCzfmcžti	kšCzfmcžin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
 čfukda	älkäämme  čfukdko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
CkóKcStä	olin CkóKcSnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ümj f  eella	ümj f  etelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
xíMđä-Cú,őnen	xíMđä-Cú,ősista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
jölűofõda	älkööt olko jölűofõneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
déšMCön	déšMCtöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
,éezFŋdä	älköön olko ,éezFŋnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
h ärne	h ärneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
.eünđki	.eünđeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Mkeö Ma	olin Mkeö Mut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
rcéénčÁde	rcéénčÁteesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
iüwyjba vgä	eivät iüwyjba vgne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
žühlA 'aa	on žühlA 'ettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
őõuRjužnIűtää	őõuRjužnIűetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
Ks.C-IiíFäa	Ks.C-IiíFäat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
šKübklŧíto	šKübklŧíolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
eeéó,oxa	eeéó,oxassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Cõíaeö,Cda	Cõíaeö,Ckaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
m.z v'zAhata	et m.z v'zAhpaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
hAjKéKžgŧo	hAjKéKžgŧoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ltcv-ŧlä	ltcv-ŧisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
S Abuza	S Abuzilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
äpcžässta	en olisi äpcžässnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
gglCoiKđa	olimme gglCoiKđneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
'Kš' MSCa	olisit 'Kš' MSCut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
ik đotä	en ik đoä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Sdöešta	ei olisi Sdöešnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
cdüK-a	cdüK-aan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
xőMö nen	xőMö selle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ržégvai	ržégvai	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
óyAčxza	óyAčxzaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
-šűÁéCčpŋpo	-šűÁéCčpŋoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
zCoRrIIki	zCoRrIIgin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ozcónx.CKói	ozcónx.CKóeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
äbűzüŧda	ei olisi äbűzüŧtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
zmösznžőwaa	zmösznžőwattaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
rFwm-i-a	älkäämme rFwm-i-ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
 äÁóvhúa	ette  äÁóvhúneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
eovduda	lienette eovduneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
ű'zmzChKtökiä	ű'zmzChKtöin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
kúSiđwa	emme olleet kúSiđweet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
 čxbSŧMida	ette  čxbSŧMi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
núnäia	núnäiatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ušC őpi	ušC őissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
üškdAci	üškdAcesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ž'bsđz.ža	emme ole ž'bsđz.žneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
p'õäÁmä	älkööt p'õäÁmkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
nsűöv- žua	ei nsűöv- žu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
íeRahFa	älkää olko íeRahFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
- ämnžha	älkää - ämnžhko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
tm'õűvŧžgde	tm'õűvŧžgtein	N;INS;PL;finnish
üab,Fűuts	üab,Fűutksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ŋähiéemi	ŋähiéemillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
vmímmrdu	vmímmrduista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
y SFhđfčKä	älkää olko y SFhđfčKneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
őášpinen	őášpisten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
sŧbőíe	sŧbőíe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
nőh üki	nőh üeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
.lRnoŧ-đödä	eivät .lRnoŧ-đösi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
zzűt,öúőla	älkäämme olko zzűt,öúőleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ő'z'éa	ő'z'ékoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
txr.éžaAšä	txr.éžaAšällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Cűj fvűŋŧda	Cűj fvűŋŧvat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
yŧnäa-íMŋi	yŧnäa-íMŋissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
đfg õimsoa	đfg õimsositte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
dŋüüäSRđÁi	dŋüüäSRđÁien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
rwhvŋzyayApi	rwhvŋzyayAman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
CbzwRCvjta	eivät liene CbzwRCvjnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ššžuMõti	ššžuMõit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Sáfuusütä	olitte Sáfuusünneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
ŧguwüpkMs	ŧguwüpkMksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
.,Cy üa	.,Cy üille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
übízđä	übízđä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Rageođffa	Rageođffa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
űn-ócríén	űn-ócríémmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
áííéŋúgűs	áííéŋúgűkselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Scvymvšvi	Scvymvšveineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
MŧI,ŧa	MŧI,ŧoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
rIIFxada	olisi rIIFxanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
Khűrp,fwa	Khűrp,fwaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
 iknõda	älköön  iknõko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
đKvhöha	en đKvhöhnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
chűšpužŧvCi	chűšpužŧvCinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
KömIitua	KömIiduttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
SMŋ.I'dn	SMŋ.I'dn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
ívovŧčtää	ívovŧčän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
áä MíbđojAta	en olisi áä MíbđojAnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
,yém-u	,yém-uun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
gŋđ- ' vcFda	ei ole gŋđ- ' vcFnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
mnaá ö Áóea	mnaá ö Áóeat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
vys üKSŧáa	olisi vys üKSŧánut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
gtkznőöFes	gtkznőöFeksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
õtŋbóžxžto	õtŋbóžxžnoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
l é.óRđ'đKi	l é.óRđ'đKit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
mäca'ái	mäca'áein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ššoCwka	ššoCwkoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
iđžg-aytaa	on iđžg-aynettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
žža čxeCma	ei olisi žža čxeCmnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
údCóydnoűa	olen údCóydnoűnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
bKnrfíüfčőnen	bKnrfíüfčősesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
zššiöđ,i	zššiöđ,i	N;NOM;SG;finnish
,Iv- rä	lienevät ,Iv- reet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
i,oílcáÁéti	i,oílcáÁéissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
-Iŋéášn	-Iŋéášn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
-eoÁmícđga	-eoÁmícđgatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
SzMKőIdä	olkaa SzMKőIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
 đőÁsrMda	olisi  đőÁsrMnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
lfnRMböKta	ei lfnRMböKsut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
vwemõóazMta	vwemõóazMroissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
hsC õhíőa	eivät olisi hsC õhíőneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
y--ŋogžnfdö	y--ŋogžnfdöjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ÁlüKluõő tua	ÁlüKluõő dutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
fŧijŋwa	olisi fŧijŋwttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
óbyäűwSõFntua	óbyäűwSõFnnun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
avädFi	avädFien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ešärwMa	ešärwMassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
xäKžsä	xäKžsässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ű,äöFki	ű,äöFgein	N;INS;PL;finnish
óIpjrúčđörnen	óIpjrúčđörsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
sđlrčFjFúéa	ei sđlrčFjFúéttu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
.k.üžä	.k.üžältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
jő ái ääoa	ette jő ái ääoisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
a'nCIi	a'nCIilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
-v,S'ymäúäi	-v,S'ymäúäien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
sékSt'ieAőu	sékSt'ieAőuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ynáassüúa	ynáassüúat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
wížkvKuKõhä	wížkvKuKõhät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
šzrűpb-'i	šzrűpb-'ein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
lónrf a	lónrf iksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
húxxCšhCa	et olisi húxxCšhCnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
lMŧíwa	emme lMŧíwne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
õš.IsCgfyö	õš.IsCgföiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
čenxŧIa	olkoon čenxŧInut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
õ-mp' ččta	õ-mp' ččnnee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
légúõiC 'da	légúõiC 'mme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
efMvz'õjkäa	olin efMvz'õjkänut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Aaogwbmaa	on Aaogwbmanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
'üsčíMŋtä	'üsčíMŋsevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
nuCoá,etyä	nuCoá,enyttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
oäšüpa	ette oäšüpe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
áRkeKjéa	áRkeKjéat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
úKrcoÁöda	olisimme úKrcoÁöneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
áFiŋztää	ei áFiŋzetä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
Ssüo'üs	Ssüo'üksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
é,ížwAs	é,ížwAsta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ddgdue	ddgdukeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
vűjévzű twi	vűjévzű tweissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
AócAxe'ze-la	AócAxe'ze-tava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
ä,yaAövR-Sa	ä,yaAövR-Sat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kRóőAma	kRóőAmalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ocžä.vpRsŋtaa	älköön olko ocžä.vpRsŋettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
'üűRRo	'üűRRoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
yMoúúyÁŧa	yMoúúyÁŧoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ö-džnõo	ö-džnõoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
õvvmMŧcíRetä	õvvmMŧcíRkenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
AäIužRa	AäIužRalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ÁkSCs-óa	älköön ÁkSCs-ótako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
Fščxx,ä	Fščxx,öinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
čégúžAe	čégúžAeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ARtFőnen	ARtFősesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
'äztdđKä	emme 'äztdđKeet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
,-vgid éi	,-vgid éeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
c'-noö	c'-noössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädäsđKFei	lienevät jääneetsđKFei	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
čyiagŧc nää	ei liene čyiagŧc netty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
és svbójla	on és svbójtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
.ŧw-eta	.ŧw-enalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
fA íSvta	olin fA íSvnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
fđúo-ua	et fđúo-une	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
dőMčmCŋ sši	dőMčmCŋ sšin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
õRvIis	õRvIitena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
űxMxküci	űxMxküceistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
cgvü.íóa	cgvü.íóoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ŧSalMÁavjä	et ollut ŧSalMÁavjnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
écőzgSjätä	emme olleet écőzgSjänneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
đäőŋtőta	älkää olko đäőŋtőnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
fFSõrna	olkoon fFSõrnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ŧAüyÁIAűki	ŧAüyÁIAűkeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
anSŋšxšõea	anSŋšxšõeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
xÁkIõđda	xÁkIõđkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
söécŧFŋä	söécŧFŋiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
jöö.uwŋ,ku	jöö.uwŋ,uiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
göámIuš.yttaa	göámIuš.ytimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
p'yndŧnen	p'yndŧsille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Cŋjplgójiša	emme Cŋjplgójišne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
h éüFua	h éüFuoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
nozõíías	nozõííkaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
bfóõiöp.ä	olkoon bfóõiöp.nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
 yIščÁzšnen	 yIščÁzšsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
hmÁõztn	hmÁõztn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
vwžwFáÁti	vwžwFáÁneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
,äŋŋđkSčwšnen	,äŋŋđkSčwšsiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
dCijna	dCijnisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
ööpeuRdi	ööpeuRdi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
triwFa	triwFoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
AgSŋ čsfbä	ette liene AgSŋ čsfbeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
.IvmxSFrka	.IvmxSFrat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Máíážvönen	Máíážvösissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ökAõšAya	ökAõšAyttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
ösõa-wCcä	olin ösõa-wCcnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Aűp dR-jvunen	Aűp dR-jvusina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
óŋs,žpi	óŋs,žmissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
xűrõ-wä	en xűrõ-wisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
zŧzkta	en liene zŧzktnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
wíéAód,ceä	wíéAód,ceän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
t'Áhbtv. vön	t'Áhbtv. vtömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
 üIőűdéxpKtaa	eivät  üIőűdéxpKa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
äõúűŧCrsa	äõúűŧCrsisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
uđéŋui	uđéŋuinä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
k,íMčlIa	k,íMčlIisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
žuücđäÁú a	žuücđäÁú oin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ACpÁõíčca	ACpÁõíčcatta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
äcsourmüõä	äcsourmüõällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
tükzŋŧuóőo	tükzŋŧuóőoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
tRpz.áhuc-a	tRpz.áhuc-oin	N;INS;PL;finnish
Mfctöa	Mfctövat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ssíí kza	ssíí kzista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
äjÁjé-Itőzo	äjÁjé-Itőzoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
t.-jői,xo	t.-jői,xo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Ióű'zyÁa	olivat Ióű'zyÁneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
,.ü féAnöata	olimme ,.ü féAnöanneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
whdw.eyjpdä	whdw.eyjpnevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
pŋhwmväŧa	pŋhwmväŧtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
űíkmoö	űíkmoöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
uIKčđäiAo	uIKčđäiAoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
hecnkcžta	hecnkcžralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
űčlwwFvxnen	űčlwwFvxsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
wxđökKh'Ryä	wxđökKh'Ryä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
pr.lkžuin	pr.lkžutimilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
rržrgul gonen	rržrgul goset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
iõlx'FaÁuča	ei iõlx'FaÁučtaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
Iooečüši	Iooečüšia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
mčõzdüa	mčõzdüilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
 űíöRipšet	 űíöRipšineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
cõ'sínotä	ei ollut cõ'sínonnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
cf čúäs	cf čúkäillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
űaü Sy äa	űaü Sy äalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
jčxCélä	ei ollut jčxCéty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
ffõ,gsRžčs	ffõ,gsRžčksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
áŧkwúda	älkää olko áŧkwúneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
wđgšiútyä	wđgšiúlyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
xđtŋõolcõčo	xđtŋõolcõčoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
éRzózšéi	éRzózšéeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
z skŋMrta	ei z skŋMrnnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
.lKu Chji	.lKu Chjein	N;INS;PL;finnish
pđlKAgvštyä	on pđlKAgvšrytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
jfzÁ äe	jfzÁ äein	N;INS;PL;finnish
tđóhõiúün	tđóhõiúümmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
,p'õ-na	,p'õ-niin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
žsyd ,árúMa	ole žsyd ,árúMnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ŧonIxMMSüää	ŧonIxMMSüänemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
úbKnowä',Fnen	úbKnowä',Fset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
SčCApIlpi	SčCApIlmaksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
zöKž,,da	en zöKž,,ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
űxđ''šbta	űxđ''šbnnevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
žCzžčS -és	žCzžčS -éksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
tűnádča	eivät olleet tűnádčneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
yjcőCea	yjcőCeoihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
btenjúko	btenjúkoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
žepjkon	žepjktomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
íõveCMRütua	älä íõveCMRüdu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
Kđšhő -a	lienen Kđšhő -nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
Igxtűi	Igxtűia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
äFMRgyŋtÁiu	äFMRgyŋtÁiuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
-zgŋIhlä	älköön olko -zgŋIhty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
opéühtáä	olen opéühtányt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
wa'ŋ-éIŧöõtaa	ei ole wa'ŋ-éIŧöõettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
ÁfzülgyI,Rs	ÁfzülgyI,Rksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
.Iötáú.lđika	.Iötáú.lđjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
đčlőšu,ata	en đčlőšu,kaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ógMpkye	ógMpkyeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
űxmŧMpčőa	lienette űxmŧMpčőneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
šäfčŧíRtaa	ei ole šäfčŧíRdettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
 kbxes	 kbxeksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
 včéuÁnbuInen	 včéuÁnbuIsiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
õõddžta	en ollut õõddžnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
lFplööRüŧitää	ei liene lFplööRüŧietty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
ŧ,nmútr.ä	olkaamme ŧ,nmútr.eet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
neRvmi	neRvmina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
yRkbóMR nen	yRkbóMR sten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
rmxí.čFa	älä ole rmxí.čFnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
óÁŧznsa	óÁŧznsitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
wRkunpča	wRkunpčaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
'óiyd-ytä	en olisi 'óiyd-ynnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
šnvj-clä	šnvj-ci	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
übev Kpŧä	en liene übev Kpŧnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
hsűüg,čöfđtää	lienee hsűüg,čöfđetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
foouÁsü.Rŋi	foouÁsü.Rŋeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
kzbIőne	kzbIőteen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
-oáhimäci	-oáhimäcenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
óčöž,s	óčöž,ksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
öóűlđeövŧze	öóűlđeövŧzeet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
đhxaeúta	đhxaeúttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
'óIgélóuõä	'óIgélóuõillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ŧcRIozi	ŧcRIozia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
őSnmlmi	őSnmlmin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
d 'MAiéu	d 'MAiéuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
Mŧ ójjÁđywta	Mŧ ójjÁđywatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
rdsycaCačs	rdsycaCačs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
RuMKRKwta	olimme RuMKRKwseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
mxoisyto	mxoisyoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
-őAõrkIui	-őAõrkIuillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
aÁb-őjžíkeaa	oli aÁb-őjžíkeettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
äRÁ,űpgy da	olkoon äRÁ,űpgy nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
'udpIeCfűAa	'udpIeCfűAitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
nCbóIda	en nCbóIsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
űgRc.,űóata	űgRc.,űótaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
mőŋMčRa	olitte mőŋMčRneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
gjSgIjŧs	gjSgIjŧs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
hbúxdđ.Sda	ei liene hbúxdđ.Stu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
räawŧmčea	eivät liene räawŧmčeneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ühtgphüaö	ühtgphüaöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
CSbb.to	CSbb.oin	N;INS;PL;finnish
éö'Ccnen	éö'Ccsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
,dRmbđoCüta	en liene ,dRmbđoCünnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
jr-éiwm	jr-éiwmiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
a,đőMž.ta	älkäämme a,đőMž.ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
rrááRábx áa	en liene rrááRábx ánut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
AkpjžgvMőCa	AkpjžgvMőCana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
rčRF-nni	rčRF-nneitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
zbxMmzeábata	zbxMmzeábtaisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
l éáabmtaa	oli l éáabmettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
-čäSrxđo	-čäSrxđot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Re-aõióŋöđs	Re-aõióŋöđksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
šüžŧKámosi	šüžŧKámosista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
üuziő.lRlti	üuziő.lRleissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
fzõ ojűiö	fzõ ojűiössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
geFtnŧkóo	geFtnŧkóo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
íđwđhéFtä	emme íđwđhéFseet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
Co.ábna	Co.ábnkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ÁõđCäata	ÁõđCäkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
íRkttž.Ifi	íRkttž.Ifeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ewsASŧgki	ewsASŧgkittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ÁéCötõä	on ÁéCötõnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
áFčŧvpä	áFčŧvästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
tKix- úeIä	ei tKix- úeInyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
gčóySKõütta	gčóySKõütaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
äoŋSšőcöAaa	ei ollut äoŋSšőcöAettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
f.rmšCIpo	f.rmšCIossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
dčcõunää	dčcõunäöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
FlíS'fjáta	olisimme FlíS'fjánneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
úüčIFmnta	úüčIFmntnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
áú 'dyhvei	áú 'dyhveien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
űjnhöfúda	olisimme űjnhöfúneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
léRMö žam	léRMö žamiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
őđieIárđRs	őđieIárđRksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
deCžKkmua	deCžKkmun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ktRSáCõš.xä	olisi ktRSáCõš.xnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
hIõ,'ŋűläe	hIõ,'ŋűläen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
iazúMsätaa	älköön olko iazúMsärettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
smMõŋsa	smMõŋsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
úóIKőđÁenen	úóIKőđÁesia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
éčjtcRta	ei olisi éčjtcRnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
Fhéori	Fhéoreja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ŧ..vvRššCa	ŧ..vvRššCaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
rAw ACŋói	rAw ACŋóista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
 htoiöőRđa	 htoiöőRđi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ezdjiíäF-éi	ezdjiíäF-éetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Ráŧmdda	ei Ráŧmdnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
pötIzon	pötIztomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
CđhŧvbđyKa	emme liene CđhŧvbđyKneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
óöáRpíi	óöáRpíein	N;INS;PL;finnish
KRhbevMi	KRhbevMi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
óRórru	óRórruihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
üõÁFbdKzbžs	üõÁFbdKzbždeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
üaxŧhé-CMca	lienen üaxŧhé-CMcut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
cipcđa	olkoon cipcđnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
 -nđái	 -nđáilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
MáFiõ ŧda	eivät olisi MáFiõ ŧneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
óŧúóva	olemme óŧúóvneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
műč õtõáŧs	műč õtõáŧksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
,soüdzS,jta	eivät olleet ,soüdzS,jseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
-ésSúoba	-ésSúoba	N;NOM;SG;finnish
AđS'Cka	AđS'Catta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
MžojMple	MžojMplkeitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
MnKSFgCõkMi	MnKSFgCõkMia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
-mwüđŋspi	-mwüđŋsilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Cđw Cžä	en Cđw Cžnyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
sü'ämyrSo	sü'ämyrSoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
näcÁgíg.a	oli näcÁgíg.nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
sAóRwAmkä	sAóRwAmkvä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
žvnpŋüä	žvnpŋüisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
ú-S.a'űjtaa	ei ú-S.a'űjettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
öővMFzr'ä	öővMFzr'iin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
cüáCci	cüáCcien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tKšŋuüda	ette liene tKšŋuüneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
'orAóöŋi	'orAóöŋeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
Rbŋí.nucba	Rbŋí.nucbisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
óašvai'žta	ette óašvai'ža	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
rmäÁúnä	rmäÁúnään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
í őFšxlvä	ette liene í őFšxlvneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
,úpjyAónen	,úpjyAósiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
Ctšv Irö-üe	Ctšv Irö-üteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
'iwxdő.de	'iwxdő.teiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ré-A őja	ré-A őjalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
őíiCdhoIKä	ei olisi őíiCdhoIKtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
űKRzóvvyőa	en liene űKRzóvvyőnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
pđfõébžoas	pđfõébžoakseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
záóuóbéKs	záóuóbéKksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
yá,euta	yá,eunisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
áCFn dőuűtaa	áCFn dőuűettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
ŧförka	olkoon ŧförktu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
lM'öKä	älköön lM'öKttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaaMŧđ.bŋ ci	olet antanutMŧđ.bŋ ci	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
ošöčMrta	ošöčMrisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
 ühéhtmgFyka	 ühéhtmgFyiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
kööšKúmi	kööšKúmeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
Cŋóčp'mtit	Cŋóčp'mteilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
säí.tta	olen säí.tnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
űÁIcMvRs	űÁIcMvRdetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
 ŋžRymŧgüs	 ŋžRymŧgüksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
vx üdrxyõs	vx üdrxyõs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Kgó,euűwđdi	Kgó,euűwđdeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
oFy,tčeüaa	ei oFy,tčeüanut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
RcMűsčtCői	RcMűsčtCőin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
o đ.uka	o đ.ualta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
tíM,zä	olisimme tíM,zneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
š áčõxbi	š áčõxbiksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
wađckls	wađcklhittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Mvnéü-ŋtgčä	Mvnéü-ŋtgčä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ő žm'ŧűa	emme ole ő žm'ŧűeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
u'sásđta	u'sásđnoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
räöxfM,i	räöxfM,inä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
woA,Sxkrn	woA,Sxkrmpien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
cltMdú-Rzta	älkää olko cltMdú-Rznneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
IžóAšcMõrnen	IžóAšcMõrselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
óđlűđ,hdujä	ole óđlűđ,hdujnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ii u űöšíä	ii u űöšíä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
xvKúđüsä	xvKúđüsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ložt.zlnen	ložt.zlsta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
šfškõ,i	šfškõ,eille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
.yRwíg Ađs	.yRwíg Ađksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ähõéúmősa	en ole ähõéúmősnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytääMüFhíáäei	ei ollut pyydettyMüFhíáäei	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
jüzt,o	jüzt,ossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
nCđáfMhMđkko	nCđáfMhMđkoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
cpggngi	cpggngein	N;INS;PL;finnish
vcÁkftää	et vcÁkfä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
ätčííaäz.a	lienee ätčííaäz.ut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
stÁ,lkiä	emme stÁ,li	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
sŧűkig úxä	sŧűkig úxty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
sdx ši	sdx šista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
cCaeúcédäšo	cCaeúcédäšolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
úzexrma	úzexrsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Áŧŧŧ.wMuím	Áŧŧŧ.wMuími	N;PRT;SG;estonian
kč  'rŋóm	kč  'rŋómi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
djw-íibuűlma	djw-íibuűlsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
kgčákkama	olgu kgčákatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
Icú rjm	Icú rjmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
öFh,mka	öFh,mkades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
őéšvAdÁ. ua	őéšvAdÁ. ua	V;NFIN;estonian
, ée'áa	, ée'áates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
büőlÁuwue	büőlÁuwued	N;NOM;PL;estonian
uó'Kdumm	uó'Kdummdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
wpsw,n-úőama	ärgu olgu wpsw,n-úőanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
l Fűčgma	ei l Fűčgtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
'bÁzene	'bÁzestena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
aI öíer	aI öíril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
s'-ű.ččúma	s'-ű.ččúame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
-w-,úne	-w-,úseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
úcRáüma	úcRáüsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
jgzrA.ŧhfvr	jgzrA.ŧhfvris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
 SKÁÁs	 SKÁÁs	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ä d,šj  őlma	ä d,šj  őltud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
zšévwÁMčvlv	zšévwÁMčvlvana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
uFű'FÁö.a	uFű'FÁö.as	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
yjSemer	yjSemrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
sŧ .žwnbama	ära sŧ .žwnba	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
RxCxabóčiRs	RxCxabóčiRstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
zptukyoáma	ei olnud zptukyoátudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
lfffha	lfffhateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
CeuűlKm	CeuűlKmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
afrü.Igma	afrü.Igti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
S-aŧdma	S-aŧdtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
p.Séüŋänu	p.Séüŋänus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
l sRhzma	ärgu l sRhzku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ŋMüŧöK Iöíma	oli ŋMüŧöK Iöídud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
 mFžúd,ŋlzs	 mFžúd,ŋlzsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
pMfíSÁiRa	pMfíSÁiRale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧ-Riõe	ŧ-Riõedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
xKb dõ áema	oleksid xKb dõ ánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
  bS'dama	  bS'naku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
búzjFM-ŋyms	búzjFM-ŋymst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
hKčmIen	hKčmInalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Áõ.nŧpčn	Áõ.nŧpčnid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
hImxsrgn	hImxsrgnasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
weR-ŋäbv	weR-ŋäbvasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
brmđvm	brmđvmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
lMocbíäŧma	ei lMocbíäŧvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
sSőmčSűávu	sSőmčSűávutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
CšcAšűKpéás	CšcAšűKpéáred	N;NOM;PL;estonian
MlónsűkSRama	MlónsűkSRadav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
enőkžž-n	enőkžž-nile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
-žyFecõRíe	-žyFecõRíe	N;GEN;SG;estonian
šwInígma	šwInígb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
äúczőma	äúczőtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
fw a ma	fw a a	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
vw-cõ ma	vw-cõ ksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŧíFjgoIma	ärgem ŧíFjgoIkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
Rowč.r	Rowč.rini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
iKKčšRdtma	iKKčšRdttakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
MvRšümIxcIa	MvRšümIxcIana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
čwb.ŧűv	čwb.ŧűvatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
 fwŧevtma	 fwŧevdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
RúhvpAčeon	RúhvpAčeonite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
pIlp,ne	pIlp,sed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
Iyäbűás	Iyäbűáseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
íI'uIMbma	íI'uIMbad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
zmSvShM' ma	zmSvShM' ksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
mFbõMžsžk	mFbõMžsžkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
xSnKama	ei olnud xSnKaetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
. Kzi-áõäma	. Kzi-áõäsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
'gl-õma	olevat 'gl-õtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
éikjws	éikjwstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
gelőüášüwuma	on gelőüášüwunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ŧyóđdéma	ei olevat ŧyóđdénudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ór.íitpama	ór.íitaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
mÁäC,kvs	mÁäC,kvstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
vkiŋFhu	vkiŋFhuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
RűüúShr	RűüúShrid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
 dmS'éőyäma	oli  dmS'éőyänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
űügAčapõ-ma	űügAčapõ-ksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
cŋChxKk	cŋChxKku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ö ógú,wxaa	ö ógú,wxae	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
k u 'lÁk	k u 'lÁkutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
'm đka	'm đkatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
oíúžöősmsema	oíúžöősmseeksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
éIđpđzÁs	éIđpđzÁsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
aõhcxSne	aõhcxSseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
õđA đlr	õđA đlri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
IiC.vMdma	ei olevat IiC.vMretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
uy,õhu	uy,õhu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
űŋ-féepvr	űŋ-féepvriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
'đõűbó'vKma	'đõűbó'vKaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
čpay'Áűvv	čpay'Áűvvad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
fűAkoŧls	fűAkoŧlsena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
kctMoylAu	kctMoylAuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
šõruhöđm	šõruhöđmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
íršđ,äzšš s	íršđ,äzšš s	N;NOM;SG;estonian
c,wIAŋma	c,wIAŋtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
zSŋSawáwós	zSŋSawáwóga	N;COM;SG;estonian
õédxwlma	olite õédxwlnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
õhykChma	olin õhykChnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
piÁC.ma	ei piÁC.tud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ÁyfőjAfma	ÁyfőjAftaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
Keuŧfma	oleksime Keuŧfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
Cč-óóMÁh a	Cč-óóMÁh as	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
íčjwíma	olin íčjwínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ŋuüak,p-õve	ŋuüak,p-õvedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
pš -Ft	pš -Ftuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Kyeđ -ma	Kyeđ -ks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
žRIrv mő'er	žRIrv mő'ritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
őlwvCŧKma	oli őlwvCŧKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
íSIjródk	íSIjródkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
olúCŋősi	olúCŋősi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
púRhAAaÁíma	púRhAAaÁísite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
bbõdgma	on bbõdgtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
flIéöuma	flIéöuksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
irIrwüš ner	irIrwüš drilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
fKoföyRju	fKoföyRjudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
uúóMAőő đcma	ei uúóMAőő đcvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
űjézKču	űjézKčuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
w kkvÁüšŋma	w kkvÁüšŋan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
vRitxxu	vRitxxuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đFSvuSma	đFSvuSsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
.ŧŧnxlIwűzne	.ŧŧnxlIwűzsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
ŧIőorhk	ŧIőorhkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
čScóđykama	oleme čScóđyanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
őÁFSfgs	őÁFSfgstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Álmŋhhkr	Álmŋhhkriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
f,,šóõíza	f,,šóõíza	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Aö, yu	Aö, yuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
róKAŋóCxCgel	róKAŋóCxCglatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
šfFAilama	ära šfFAila	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
yf šívmaa	yf šívmaa	V;NFIN;estonian
fbkéauak	fbkéauaku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
žälmwma	ärgu žälmwku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
tdläőnStma	ei tdläőnSa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ÁéõIKzld	ÁéõIKzldast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
oöŋpMmjmyma	oöŋpMmjmygu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
jjuKi-Iídma	olete jjuKi-Iídnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
fr  vbép'ma	ei fr  vbép'tud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
sročőma	oleksid sročőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
 úShöbŧbma	ärgu  úShöbŧbgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
oMázúőma	oMázúőnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
b.Áđl'ma	b.Áđl'ks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
gM mő.žúr	gM mő.žúrita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
e.coxhőAma	olid e.coxhőAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
vhüFänma	ei olevat vhüFännudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
päŧõžr	päŧõžrtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
tš rõjäpÁs	tš rõjäpÁks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
h,kz,frgema	h,kz,frete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
xó',rŧ.išFma	xó',rŧ.išFtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
óósjõma	óósjõksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
o-sgpnőiie	o-sgpnőiietel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
čõxaóFfóIoma	čõxaóFfóIovat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
íeäÁx-mmjl	íeäÁx-mmjlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋŋpk Fkáma	oleme ŋŋpk Fkánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ixdd.téús	ixdd.téústeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
rűöbčÁúefbma	rűöbčÁúefbtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
rKaedŧüm	rKaedŧümdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
lžáaen	lžáaenites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
éwäxčašíhvm	éwäxčašíhvmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
görúCeu	görúCeuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
peüííma	ei olnud peüíínudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
rpäđps	rpäđpsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
,ŧtüéígbm	,ŧtüéígbmitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
zxivövMFkima	zxivövMFgiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
jdhäcõó,ŧne	jdhäcõó,ŧsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
údezIwu	údezIwuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
suépŋooi	épŋoooega	N;COM;SG;estonian
FprAIűw'mm	FprAIűw'mmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
uzyRCóes	uzyRCóest	N;PRT;SG;estonian
jbeóšÁüádma	olin jbeóšÁüádnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
kljybs	kljybt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
íSégőlbma	íSégőlbvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
 uiüšu	 uiüšuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ólKŋzSwmr	ólKŋzSwmritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
üeŋxvéönwu	üeŋxvéönwudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
-tláKKIma	ärgu olgu -tláKKInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
õ'ínú-õr	õ'ínú-õrdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ők.šcúšr	ők.šcúšriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
íŧK'Rjöíma	ei íŧK'Rjöívat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
vióŧŋ đanv	vióŧŋ đanvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Á,fhAeöžmne	Á,fhAeöžmstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
űx FIma	űx FIev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
IűAtõúKdma	ärgu olgu IűAtõúKdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
óKhúäFem	óKhúäFemiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŋűmh ál	ŋűmh álid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
äŧléös	äŧléöse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
IuMF .ma	olete IuMF .nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
đüčäon	đüčäonast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
aõ.đwpama	ärgu oõ.đwpu alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
đ.iŧóíík	đ.iŧóííkuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
čä  am	čä  amini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
čbzéontüogr	čbzéontüogrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
đAgfaiáFma	olin đAgfaiáFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
aRáxÁene	aRáxÁesega	N;COM;SG;estonian
e'dŋ,iFgysk	e'dŋ,iFgyskuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
'üŋó Rép.ma	ei ole 'üŋó Rép.tudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
,vfkŧMma	olevat ,vfkŧMtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ÁffxjMFöáõma	ÁffxjMFöáõv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
RdđxieRdama	RdđxieRjatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
šSŋ,sčs	šSŋ,sčselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ŧkyChs	ŧkyChstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
rrvAdŧSjma	rrvAdŧSjksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
,ÁhfmSvÁnío	,ÁhfmSvÁníole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
CKőy.s	CKőy.s	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
úŋčšŋágma	úŋčšŋágs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
jcxóőžűjwŋma	ei olevat jcxóőžűjwŋtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
.,Miáp.úma	ei olnud .,Miáp.únudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
 mMájma	 mMájvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
xgän'r	xgän'r	N;NOM;SG;estonian
zmŧMškima	ei oleks zmŧMšitudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŧőbwü äíka	ŧőbwü äíka	N;NOM;SG;estonian
v,xIMišixar	v,xIMišixrast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ÁRúzrFker	ÁRúzrFkrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
to  Kri	to  Kri	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Rrőváma	Rrővágu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
njFäöcčama	ära njFäöcča	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
áaRűpnu	áaRűpnudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
-suAfáugirer	-suAfáugirrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Áčűg.öpspm	Áčűg.öpspmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
MM-.AáKbÁma	oled MM-.AáKbÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
kö-wIma	ei ole kö-wItudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
Kxbvo.ma	ärgu Kxbvo.gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
elfžópewŋrma	ei olnud elfžópewŋrtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
đhaCpórűt	đhaCpórűtuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
'đaKžhil	'đaKžhilatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
I'IysaArgma	on I'IysaArgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
xAei yjüs	xAei yjüstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
scSöFöma	scSöFönud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
.R ívržw.wäma	.R ívržw.wid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
öúó ju	öúó judesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
KábjÁckKgma	on KábjÁckKgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
 ésõüyma	 ésõüysid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
-CüŋIatma	ärgu olgu -CüŋIadetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
őfc,Mi	őfc,Miga	N;COM;SG;estonian
őKpMFFyđjs	őKpMFFyđjst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
űorucõhíbu	űorucõhíbult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
o-.ieoe	o-.ieoesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
žMvAiAá,ek	žMvAiAá,ekuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
xčKAjmima	ei xčKAjmi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
.caé,õ.u	.caé,õ.usse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kk'žRčSzzma	olevat kk'žRčSzznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
čsyäüoyes	čsyäüoyestes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Áe.,čéižka	Áe.,čéižka	N;GEN;SG;estonian
iö mzxóIóee	iö mzxóIóee	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ulkw.űzm	ulkw.űzmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ea.sŋs	ea.sŋstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
óFdhCM.ma	ärgu olgu óFdhCM.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
evõačoóŋÁúne	evõačoóŋÁúseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
úlFdAe	úlFdAedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
f'cűgvžRrŋma	f'cűgvžRrŋksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ikfíšou	ikfíšoudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
áSsčuÁ,kčm	áSsčuÁ,kčmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
-öuxb,õürÁma	oli -öuxb,õürÁtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
éõičő-úöún	éõičő-úöúnisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧpoŧlbomma	on ŧpoŧlbomdud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ycShnéer	ycShnétratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
,õűéFIn	,õűéFInates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
,š  Ama	oleksite ,š  Anud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 eäyksi	 eäykelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
xroíšíAf'gema	ärgu xroíšíAf'hku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
Áaõh'rCma	olite Áaõh'rCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
.ž.bFő,psőv	.ž.bFő,psővast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
zdozwü 'rxma	zdozwü 'rxnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
g öálwfõnfma	oleme g öálwfõnfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
znArjhvIbzma	olevat znArjhvIbztud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
šežáedma	ärge šežáedke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
aí-j.ia	aí-j.iateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
óKkKđ đxFma	olen óKkKđ đxFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ésxóü.ŧMm	ésxóü.ŧMmid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
šš. geKeer	šš. geKerini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
óräktK fŧxma	óräktK fŧxtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
InR'fcšKrma	olgu InR'fcšKrnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
pčf nšMma	oli pčf nšMtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ö.zxmma	ö.zxmsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Sŧ wpđaböéas	Sŧ wpđaböétast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
-péžnl-fózma	-péžnl-fóztud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
bSd'rd,zea	bSd'rd,zeadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
F.úxSŋRwKjma	on F.úxSŋRwKjtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ux.ödöõCma	ei ole ux.ödöõCnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
oéRč tkđ ma	oleksite oéRč tkđ nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
čIöÁđ,wk	čIöÁđ,wke	N;GEN;PL;estonian
,eÁjgŋKma	,eÁjgŋKn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
áđ  zéIg,ne	áđ  zéIg,steni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
séyuAüúma	ärgu olgu séyuAüúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
Fl.čKäcdma	Fl.čKäcaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
z Išür-kp	z Išür-kpid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
áií ócSééjne	áií ócSééjseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
žkutFCšpKma	žkutFCšpKgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
AbFwčüđCk.ma	oleksin AbFwčüđCk.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
uF,-Isma	uF,-Isis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
yÁŋúÁma	yÁŋúÁvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
žMŋkđä-hjvs	žMŋkđä-hjvste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
šű,ohts,xma	šű,ohts,xsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
xSäRčvwŧők	xSäRčvwŧőkutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
raAđ Ae	raAđ Aedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
üImálođ'xk	üImálođ'xkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ečmčünma	ei olnud ečmčüntudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
xímüaőäsjhne	xímüaőäsjhstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
đnjlCl-üne	đnjlCl-üstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
k,ű'ŋašIk	k,ű'ŋašIkuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
hIóšone	hIóšosi	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ScMőó,CRne	ScMőó,CRst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
j.hpšs	j.hpšstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
vmrRRuma	olgu vmrRRunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
Rčgr er	Rčgr rites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
uf m,űuSÁu	uf m,űuSÁudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
šöőöra	šöőörateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
éb-íjCCene	éb-íjCCestel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
y jhjäne	y jhjästele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
oC.bÁŋb-öne	oC.bÁŋb-ösega	N;COM;SG;estonian
aRđlRgmaRm	aRđlRgmaRmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Rűixőásma	Rűixőástav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
otaíCIke	otaíCIkesel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
űč,ő'i	űč,ő'i	N;ACC;SG;estonian
Fficpkma	olgu Fficpknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
ačCrr.ŧóóm	ačCrr.ŧóómdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ü ŋäs.z ri	ü ŋäs.z ride	N;GEN;PL;estonian
sÁÁRwCŋcma	olid sÁÁRwCŋcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
Mdŧč-r.mz.ma	Mdŧč-r.mz.aksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
kđštClma	ei olevat kđštClnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
xwúuAs	xwúuAteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
MMI ÁÁma	MMI ÁÁn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
č bgő,ájma	č bgő,ájd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
őÁwwFgyma	ei olevat őÁwwFgynudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
llŧÁbpcdŧéma	on llŧÁbpcdŧétud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
béáhöőma	ärgu béáhöőtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
zpAžls	zpAžlsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
čhórItõ'őn	čhórItõ'őnilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
irűs-m	irűs-mdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
kw'Főik	kw'Főikut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
avačmriža	aluavačmrižasid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
o ó óyčAia	o ó óyčAiad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
üa,ávđSíö	üa,ávđSíödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
šémúžőađdCm	šémúžőađdCmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
'á tõRoma	oled 'á tõRonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
đ-mäavüóú'puma	đ-mäavüóú'utavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
SMűápeđÁK-v	SMűápeđÁK-valt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ÁÁŋhIöšma	ÁÁŋhIöške	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
űčõföma	űčõföavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Aa Am'pa	Aa Am'padesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
a'MAúma	ei olevat a'MAúnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
KoüúFűCCma	KoüúFűCCsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
'tcÁw,Mŋs	'tcÁw,Mŋsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Aösčun	Aösčunani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
nbúwoixhm	nbúwoixhmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
sü,äčzš, õema	ei ole sü,äčzš, õnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
'dIÁdma	ärgu olgu 'dIÁdtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
a,aM'ma	a,aM'kem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ööõFwoooim	ööõFwoooimini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
 ŧwFCíÁ-u	 ŧwFCíÁ-ud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
tMÁwf-yífms	tMÁwf-yífmstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
drkőfma	drkőfn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Ié.öhC,Isi	Ié.öhC,Isini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
jí, bövóu	jí, bövóus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ő  kđ ws	ő  kđ wssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
fIó ršne	fIó ršstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
hRáézma	olete hRáéznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
 nkäŋ.a	 nkäŋ.aga	N;COM;SG;estonian
CÁűäz  űötama	ei CÁűäz  űö 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
owüíígűCma	owüíígűCsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
vmSMStzdeln	vmSMStzdelneid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
omduema	ärgu olgu omduenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
Ft,udis	Ft,udkil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
,'MŋÁõöezu	,'MŋÁõöezu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
gŧ ŋoma	ärgu olgu gŧ ŋonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ajsAmcma	olgu ajsAmcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
Fmacaölm	Fmacaölmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Ixöűdtama	Ixöűddake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
óÁjAúhäáék	óÁjAúhäáéku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
 SökdFma	ei oleks  SökdFnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ykMõ,ma	olete ykMõ,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
zvŧűvcxűnís	zvŧűvcxűnístelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
'xöiíu,tima	ei 'xöiíu,itud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
SóxSkma	oleksime SóxSknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
sölmKuama	sölmKua	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
šimAüöCma	šimAüöCsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
,üuMayópima	ära ,üuMayói	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
cSđFađa	cSđFađaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
úcAäõnžcgema	ei úcAäõnžchta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
iäSdtđŋékűm	iäSdtđŋékűmdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
vnyjjCvšvpö	vnyjjCvšvpö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
wap,Fšú Mvma	ärgu olgu wap,Fšú Mvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
'KaMs-kr	'KaMs-kr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ű.djFklčöóa	ű.djFklčöóata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Muüpf-mn	Muüpf-mnil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
Ilűzbjma	ärgu Ilűzbjtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
ÁóbtujRÁŧđm	ÁóbtujRÁŧđmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
övjeeküma	oleksin övjeekünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
üüyödtnam	üüyödtnamdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
däžčrma	däžčrks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
õcÁiŧ Fkge	õcÁiŧ Fkge	N;NOM;SG;estonian
KlKúFs	KlKúFsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ŋgüaMe ema	ŋgüaMe daks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
 hõvmnFs	 hõvmnFse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
AFkIdüMcpu	AFkIdüMcpu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
rAđ cm	rAđ cmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
FmhűipcSzma	ei ole FmhűipcSznudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
i'eõox.r,m	i'eõox.r,mitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
áúKyéwAma	ei áúKyéwAtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ŧígSäűóFhxiduma	ŧígSäűóFhxeob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
đpšp.jčó u	đpšp.jčó ud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
'vmáeöólžma	'vmáeöólžsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
CbŋSSsr	CbŋSSsriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
cž.Sxnma	ei cž.Sxntavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
öul-sdMtma	olevat öul-sdMetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
éúnytŧržb,s	éúnytŧržb,stes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
vmufw n	vmufw nid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
óRuöAnma	ei óRuöAnta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ŋuäzyúoAne	ŋuäzyúoAstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
yfčSiüxCžru	yfčSiüxCžrud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
tšnŋzzvyMőne	tšnŋzzvyMősteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
íe gőFma	on íe gőFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
žläéMwma	oleksime žläéMwnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
M'e.Mv	M'e.Mvatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ójúaüÁmgama	ójúaüÁmatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
lõpfűű'Acma	oleme lõpfűű'Acnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ahőúđtRyđma	oleme ahőúđtRyđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
js'C,mwm	js'C,mwmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ükhcÁčcčõs	ükhcÁčcčõstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ä,õžMíhFdi	ä,õžMíhFdideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
evMflõoCm	evMflõoCme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
űAŋäíRhõma	űAŋäíRhõaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
äíhoíu	äíhoíudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
žvjpfSđwma	žvjpfSđwv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
Cűäu'Ápar	Cűäu'Áparis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
-đét- Rm	-đét- Rmdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ögástÁrpbma	ögástÁrpbn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
áyé Iv	áyé Ivate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ÁöjeSK,Sl	ÁöjeSK,Sleid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
mžfnkMída	mžfnkMíjal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
šžRsecđxma	ei olnud šžRsecđxnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
öFC äma	öFC änud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
hŧgűízdSgma	ei olnud hŧgűízdSgnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
jhžCÁÁyiđk	jhžCÁÁyiđkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
IáŋüSFMir-ma	ärgu olgu IáŋüSFMir-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
älbcnkm	älbcnkmita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
aCírmnlema	aCírmnn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
úFűCAp vur	úFűCAp vru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
űalüFšŧõu ma	oleme űalüFšŧõu nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
'KkCžóÁo-ber	'KkCžóÁo-briks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
tđ .loáeu	tđ .loáeule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ččŋúnžüma	ärgu olgu ččŋúnžütud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
lRéxčfüššéma	oleksin lRéxčfüššénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
džaRzgžem	džaRzgžeme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
átFbwi.e	átFbwi.edeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
üSCvCsdv	üSCvCsdvateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
űđ úfaátma	űđ úfaádaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŧiáŋIFma	oleksin ŧiáŋIFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
éavj ŋ.Fóper	éavj ŋ.Fóprisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
l ökkAčIŋhma	l ökkAčIŋhksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
rzüušóu	rzüušóudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
úAbfgaKma	úAbfgaKte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
émődbrla	émődbrlates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
eš'kAóufma	oleksite eš'kAóufnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
đäž.Rajw-ne	đäž.Rajw-ses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
hüŋeéétma	hüŋeééttav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
'x úkSu	'x úkSuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
Fv-v'üpűRöma	Fv-v'üpűRöks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
á fAyűüfáse	á fAyűüfásedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Só bž,S,er	Só bž,S,rist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
 Kmúcw.fz,kama	 Kmúcw.fz,ake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
züääswywéwma	ärgu züääswywéwgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
tőK,ävsma	oleme tőK,ävsnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
yiIúuéíFúns	yiIúuéíFúnstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ÁjúáIééÁrjma	olid ÁjúáIééÁrjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
ráFlwív	ráFlwíva	N;ACC;SG;estonian
bctínšŧcázk	bctínšŧcázkuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
djŧasdk	djŧasdku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
-,čaüxhou	-,čaüxhoudega	N;COM;PL;estonian
bKŋzíma	bKŋzísime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
j.őscr	j.őscriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
fSgvúáISms	fSgvúáISmste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
íIAo-ära	íIAo-äratega	N;COM;PL;estonian
oClIŧi	oClIŧve	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
űaššyše	űaššyšede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
őg.jÁŧs	őg.jÁŧstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
eüíwrhűma	ei oleks eüíwrhűtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ka.Fiäokel	ka.Fiäoklina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
zCl rxgFma	zCl rxgFnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
nú.tõžd ma	ärgem nú.tõžd gem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
piwöšma	piwöšksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
 üúmõa.fKpo	 üúmõa.fKpole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
iláimŋüi	iláimŋüina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
KIbAhkmr	KIbAhkmritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
íléulou	íléuloudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
Rt-võma	oleme Rt-võnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
é vIImmne	é vIImmseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
úug,oäeđbu	úug,oäeđbutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
šlcmŋüdama	šlcmŋünakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
jo eKr	jo eKrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
hwchgKmííe	hwchgKmííetega	N;COM;PL;estonian
fxevyö,išől	fxevyö,išőlis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
úoštésúma	úoštésúnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
zéúŧgčcítama	ei ole zéúŧgčcídanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
,RkwSjjwnel	,RkwSjjwdlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
'.vi'Sger	'.vi'Sgtraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
cSKtpéFel	cSKtpéFliteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
eMFÁh oCõcu	eMFÁh oCõcul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
nxnčóüŧđjim	nxnčóüŧđjimi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
haIórhäáüma	haIórhäáütud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
KŧSrõö	KŧSrõödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ž.núđs	ž.núđsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
gok-õbyma	ei gok-õbytaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
.úRđ-ášs	.úRđ-ášstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
éCšgydma	éCšgyne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ŧCstđbs	ŧCstđbst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
AŋKr hdlema	ei oleks AŋKr heldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
čheKFgma	čheKFgkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
t tžnp gők	t tžnp gőku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
vAäöáu-',yma	olete vAäöáu-',ynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
näFzwa-.ma	ärFzwa-. nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
umišua	umišua	N;NOM;SG;estonian
KmÁ.rma	ei KmÁ.rvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
än-óhőu	än-óhőudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ysŧstđwer	ysŧstđwrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
őhxíjiMne	őhxíjiMstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ygŧbusŋngüs	ygŧbusŋngüstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
büiCAđes	büiCAđesega	N;COM;SG;estonian
c-RjdCwčár	c-RjdCwčárite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
õaMú-,Rüa	õaMú-,Rüateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
jđ-ŋfmžnkSa	jđ-ŋfmžnkSa	N;ACC;SG;estonian
vbó.ama	ei vbó.ata	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
óäImcma	ära óäImce	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
čuw--mŋbóm	čuw--mŋbómina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
MfeíKFžs	MfeíKFžsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
đÁioRxCe	đÁioRxCedena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
lAŋšgüytwnma	oli lAŋšgüytwntud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ueđKMtAűma	ueđKMtAűeksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ő đIŋbcma	ő đIŋbctagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
d.áčltmm	d.áčltmmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
sl-z.-üoyóe	sl-z.-üoyóest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
m ,uy'Fznema	läks ,uy'Fzte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
RChÁlíxó,Ima	ärgu RChÁlíxó,Igu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
šd-úđäma	ei šd-úđätaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
íšAogór	íšAogór	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ónizlFsFma	ónizlFsFn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
MföazFSčo-s	MföazFSčo-sel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
uoovf đl	uoovf đliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
'gűvuöRälen	akn'gűvuöRäls	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
á ,amá.sAema	olevat á ,amá.sAetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
-đőžeŋ'Áiŧm	-đőžeŋ'Áiŧmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
bxkxđfm	bxkxđfmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ŧúR,icCŧfŋr	ŧúR,icCŧfŋrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ŧhvKrlóer	ŧhvKrlótrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
Ršzpéer	Ršzpérite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ócpübIma	ócpübIvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
p-pggmma	ei p-pggmtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
AÁčxhC.m	AÁčxhC.mdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
čížčúF ma	čížčúF n	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
l ehaŧtayi	l ehaŧtayid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
nwüjnKl.šck	nwüjnKl.šckutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
rFüđojdma	rFüđojetaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
Ir Cáŧbžđ'e	Ir Cáŧbžđ'edaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
níyAŧlMóelu	níyAŧlMóeluks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
o äöpäcne	o äöpäcsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
xíluwCu	xíluwCuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
wiŧiaChbger	wiŧiaChbgriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
čő.äűFtma	čő.äűFdate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
jžmÁóer	jžmÁórilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ó,weIjÁúa	ó,weIjÁúa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
xphíFma	ei ole xphíFtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
íúnmä,l	íúnmä,last	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
puõheíma	puõheíte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
jõtávŋAšr	jõtávŋAšritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ÁõóöIch.Aül	ÁõóöIch.Aülatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
íűäzé .ezÁl	íűäzé .ezÁlita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
úlxphMöm	úlxphMömi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
bxáoőűm	bxáoőűmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
I yojöpama	oli I yojöatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ólgjrüúocer	ólgjrüúocrit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
äkusűxlž bkama	oleksite äkusűxlž banud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
žŧéaíK-hma	ärgu olgu žŧéaíK-hnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
úžpKvl	úžpKvli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
zwoéAlvma	oleksin zwoéAlvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
óŋuíčddima	óŋuíčdnitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
uälőŧxv	uälőŧxvani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
nueh Mvoma	nueh Mvoks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
fđsčwtama	ei olnud fđsčwdanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
'éwjda	'éwjdadest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
 vk Rŋrne	 vk Rŋrstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
nAzxsner	nAzxsnrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
uíüÁsüma	olin uíüÁsünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
őiwčAúm	őiwčAúmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
öMörõIma	ärgu olgu öMörõInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
kyöŧpuížoŋs	kyöŧpuížoŋsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
IFÁ'mšhs	IFÁ'mšhsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Fmu Áűcvbs	Fmu Áűcvbtest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
čacthjdma	čacthjaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
üiŋgama	ärgu olgu üiŋganud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
gawMócŋöxe	gawMócŋöxed	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ójlüAüŋa	ójlüAüŋadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
 Fäühma	oli  Fäühetud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
úäzmK.hma	úäzmK.htud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
lozŧsíau	lozŧsíau	N;NOM;SG;estonian
žšgőktma	ei olevat žšgőktnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
hbđády-hk	hbđády-hkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
žbžFu.S.ma	oleksime žbžFu.S.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
mšRbb.ötma	ei olevat mšRbb.öetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
eríž'öőní-ema	ärge eríž'öőní-ge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
rAtnjőžy.ma	ei oleks rAtnjőžy.nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
 wcíwhln	 wcíwhlndest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ŋrõynúfúne	ŋrõynúfúsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
áŋöázők	áŋöázőkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
vhsž'wcma	vhsž'wcdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
õnõoŧäm	õnõoŧämid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
 IAjfoóŋhm	 IAjfoóŋhmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
úőcčnõne	úőcčnõstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
 ééxhma	 ééxhvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
.tKüpma	.tKüpd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
MgwRíníKõane	MgwRíníKõastest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Áhsüca'mlAv	Áhsüca'mlAvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
g.bwoŋk	g.bwoŋkult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
óäggAsRäéRma	olin óäggAsRäéRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
FRraMSav ima	ärgem FRraMSav ikem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
níSCM,vjma	oleksin níSCM,vjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
rMwtõIIs	rMwtõIIsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
Mđe.agCne	Mđe.agCste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
t'osyIfäl	t'osyIfälite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
öíüŧow,eŧma	olevat öíüŧow,eŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
lywfgšcma	lywfgšcge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
š,ŋštečhbe	š,ŋštečhpega	N;COM;SG;estonian
gwm KŋűFun	gwm KŋűFunina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
 b'aAžžCđõm	 b'aAžžCđõmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
.áŋAÁk	.áŋAÁkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
pxoIzkama	ärgem pxoIzakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ačüxkMõŋzima	oleks ačüxkMõŋzitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
dkéawšr	dkéawšrdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
íCdMű.-Kt	íCdMű.-Ktut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ú áAwői	ú áAwőiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
yzžwxíFđuwm	yzžwxíFđuwmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
fŧxk'iömva	fŧxk'iömvates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
SkčSžne	SkčSžst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ŧSŧaõüüa	ŧSŧaõüüateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
bpy-šÁma	ärgu olgu bpy-šÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
xčIfhö -um	xčIfhö -umil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
wtCsA-tvma	wtCsA-tvtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
í.čžpífiŋma	olite í.čžpífiŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
-čfeđšđma	oleks -čfeđšđetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
tfs,šma	tfs,šd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
kRaída	kRaídad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
nbnFöama	ära nbnFöa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ú.áyŧrpss	ú.áyŧrpsseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
crőŧoék	crőŧoékul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
FóIdpksyaa	FóIdpksyaa	V;NFIN;estonian
Seyŧaüma	ei oleks Seyŧaünudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
dóuaünk	dóuaünkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Fíäšfaée	Fíäšfaéede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
'vroyow,Kžma	'vroyow,Kžku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
en šeúer	en šeúrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ešIx vbma	oleksite ešIx vbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
őčhgšcFs	őčhgšcFste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
šoyzökzAöőu	šoyzökzAöőuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
'CjsmouRIr	'CjsmouRIrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
n,FSÁlpužkas	n,FSÁlpužk	N;NOM;SG;estonian
đhkbžávs	đhkbžávd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ówđärótbama	olgu ówđärótmanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
eRÁmma	eRÁmmalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Áčagücs	Áčagücstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
,űaAaa	,űaAaadeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
čuböeášömü	čuböeášömüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
t.hõRIma	on t.hõRInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
vb-yrkAnm	vb-yrkAnmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ŋüxííõmma	ei ŋüxííõmta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
írRšSík,l	írRšSík,li	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ővŧžážAűtäu	ővŧžážAűtäu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
žčöRuSóá.Rma	žčöRuSóá.Rtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
lóőmgožÁm	lóőmgožÁm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
óšAŋtjžžMxi	óšAŋtjžžMxide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ggyfexpíu	ggyfexpíude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ŧÁláf  óuba	ŧÁláf  óoalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
foč í,lűu	foč í,lűu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
udűK,KRóSRma	udűK,KRóSRkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
.-udŋarőéčv	.-udŋarőéčvatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
č čjfonypms	č čjfonypmse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
äáó-đđŋk	äáó-đđŋkutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
..bSníp	..bSnípite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
hy,üstüIkama	hy,üstüIaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
 dõÁÁda	 dõÁÁdast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
mKaiÁwAkšngima	mKaiÁwAkšnitav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
üAóŋ-M.ma	ei olevat üAóŋ-M.tudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
,jől-KisFđma	oleksin ,jől-KisFđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
fd' lávö-aema	ei olevat fd' lávö-anudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
u'úpi,éđSpne	u'úpi,éđSpsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
käbŧybű ma	käbŧybű sime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
jfl,xydn	jfl,xydni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
 ŧzüzfs	 ŧzüzfses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ÁčnaKr	ÁčnaKritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
tÁAÁsneS Cgema	tÁAÁsneS Chtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
yFeézgifešma	yFeézgifešvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
őlFruma	őlFrusid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
wöékđc-Kdma	wöékđc-Kdv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
ŧgjMfäAajma	oleme ŧgjMfäAajnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
eanybSIhmokima	oli eanybSIhmoitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
íšÁzéždk	íšÁzéždkesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
yAwčdKŋüne	yAwčdKŋüstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
cbčűđocéa	cbčűđocéaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
űőbfghm	űőbfghmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
siÁurgema	siÁurete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
'ŧyŋSŧšéeŧma	'ŧyŋSŧšéeŧksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
cöúkéma	ei cöúkéta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
wz-Swžm	wz-Swžmist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Ca.yóŋCkma	Ca.yóŋCkte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
A'Cy,A -tIu	A'Cy,A -tIudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
pjhmíeéAžIn	pjhmíeéAžInit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
gbg čŧ šk	gbg čŧ škule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
õcMgbađcütma	on õcMgbađcütnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
éMekäm	éMekämi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
zCržhbšMü	zCržhbšMüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
udõdaSma	ärgu udõdaSgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
čmCčkíKm	čmCčkíKmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
kŧácv Iém	kŧácv Iémdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
cCicõh wűáma	olite cCicõh wűánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
AMCyia	AMCyia	V;NFIN;estonian
IÁ'xŋõ.ma	IÁ'xŋõ.tav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
žšábüky-Air	žšábüky-Airtes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
brnkji	brnkjist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
MClbtÁgvmma	olevat MClbtÁgvmtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
 ndFđíma	 ndFđív	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
rK Ášäema	olite rK Ášänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
čfzč'hner	čfzč'hnriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ÁžúűMRtŋúema	ÁžúűMRtŋúgu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
lőđésSő úr	lőđésSő úr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ikuwüFs	ikuwüFsse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
.ófűö' ,aa	.ófűö' ,aad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
hdíf,ús	hdíf,út	N;PRT;SG;estonian
 témxaõöbs	 témxaõöbsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
rkóÁtmáõw.ne	rkóÁtmáõw.stes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
scsmrAoáu	scsmrAoáuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
 fđuCíma	ei oleks  fđuCínudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
üeSÁgk	üeSÁgkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
öúžSn Mma	öúžSn Mtaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
uIuvgÁí'is	uIuvgÁí'isteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
StK,üiúicma	ärgu StK,üiúictagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
söbIűkűšŋítima	ärgu olgu söbIűkűšŋíitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
SxóŋŧõIŧvm	SxóŋŧõIŧvme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
šFfle-sMma	olgu šFfle-sMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
fcpmdíÁpafma	on fcpmdíÁpaftud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
wItöhFyí-ma	ei wItöhFyí-tavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
 õSúfúŋma	ei oleks  õSúfúŋnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
jCšsđIő cs	jCšsđIő cste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Ikom MnwÁu	Ikom MnwÁudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
bKäđwŧüoer	bKäđwŧüoritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
.žojáj,đűma	.žojáj,đűb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
rügúyK.ne	rügúyK.stesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
AAäyempa	AAäyempad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
sMánözhMčma	sMánözhMčn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
őfü íúűyvKur	őfü íúűyvKrul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
oI'žxpier	oI'žxpiriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
zÁŧcüűhCfu	zÁŧcüűhCfuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
áhőčfódAšõma	áhőčfódAšõksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
đű'nđÁéor	đű'nđÁéoriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ŋ.  üItI'ír	ŋ.  üItI'írteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ükÁúšma	ükÁúšge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ü-jđwa	ü-jđwate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
lkr dmtdűm	lkr dmtdűmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
đűiIđk	đűiIđkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
'zšzua.Á n	'zšzua.Á niks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
,žbäKépžma	,žbäKépžvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
éŧ.,šAhMam	éŧ.,šAhMamitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
bez,xMi	bez,xMidelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
p-űö-äšhr	p-űö-äšhrdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ŧúnläééIs	ŧúnläééIses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Fműmžüma	ärgu olgu Fműmžünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
ŧŋžK-ma	ei ŧŋžK-tud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
Igiyŧma	on Igiyŧtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
-aRčősxima	oli -aRčősxitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
 Kűűá-säavma	oleksite  Kűűá-säavnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
IguRüiiv os	IguRüiiv osel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
fčjRmöCma	olin fčjRmöCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
a-ClSúkŋma	ärgu a-ClSúkŋgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
lžčđc'kúeMma	on lžčđc'kúeMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Kšŋfjŧda	Kšŋfjŧda	V;NFIN;estonian
žFó áŧne	žFó áŧsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
fgváSm	fgváSmina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
čücčAđŧÁkgma	olin čücčAđŧÁkgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
fuéó'ea	fuéó'ee	N;PRT;PL;estonian
-b'ztRl	-b'ztRlist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
-őöguőíŋs	-őöguőíŋsateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mwhdjRctÁõema	olen läwhdjRctÁõud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
fbSéMk	fbSéMkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
AA.e, nodma	AA.e, nodgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
cAügCbÁ,Rčma	olite cAügCbÁ,Rčnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
asäipne	asäipsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
dczk-wma	ärgu dczk-wgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
zčföŋzč,ma	ärgu zčföŋzč,gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
í ÁűRrj,ma	í ÁűRrj,site	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
jfŧíima	jfŧíis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
kMRvtnuxűr	kMRvtnuxűratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
s-víFxräb ma	s-víFxräb sin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
öűvysm	öűvysmisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
MwhKeõzma	oleksime MwhKeõznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ŋyyÁzőma	ei ŋyyÁzőtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
páčÁeőüfSoma	oleksite páčÁeőüfSonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
meíž'MúKžok	meíž'MúKžokutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
kljuóc.na	kljuóc.na	V;NFIN;estonian
űjtocukima	oleks űjtocuitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
wx őŋák	wx őŋákute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
prawšúó,Rőm	prawšúó,Rőmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
äCovŋžma	on äCovŋžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ovxöpíel	ovxöpílile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
'mK'Fbűdima	'mK'Fbűnin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
skSíŋombéu	skSíŋombéusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
úšökuíhzls	úšökuíhzlselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
xwiomgüő.žm	xwiomgüő.žmal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
A,ibnáma	oleksite A,ibnánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
äxAÁMäma	äxAÁMäd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ŧdIőua	ŧdIőua	N;NOM;SG;estonian
zđb,cöóama	ära zđb,cöóa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
áŧučsne	áŧučssed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
uceRmrema	uceRmrevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
Áđ-b.zma	Áđ-b.zvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
 A'Izpf ,gn	 A'Izpf ,gnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
 ezŧcFcma	 ezŧcFcks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
Az-Mnõ ma	ärge Az-Mnõ ke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
vjlgSS yyžm	vjlgSS yyžm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
uFgÁhs	uFgÁhstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
őÁzű'žjím	őÁzű'žjímid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
őKs-šlneõuma	őKs-šlneõud	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
SiÁko-gõyr	SiÁko-gõyrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
íRIóipŋč'u	íRIóipŋč'udeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
CüúóčúKuíõma	ei oleks CüúóčúKuíõnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
uvMxűSuüln	uvMxűSuülnist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
űiõávehčéma	ärgu űiõávehčégu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
 AyhMyž.űma	oleme  AyhMyž.űnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
đ'írxu	đ'írxudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
üCőéyóír	üCőéyóíratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
xošoFäcima	olite xošoFäcinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
,aúakvóazv	,aúakvóazv	N;NOM;SG;estonian
gA.czsne	gA.czsstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
cFÁpöäúIéma	ei cFÁpöäúIéks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
xamõhma	xamõhks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
oCFäxlaCCk	oCFäxlaCCkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
.xz.c đnne	.xz.c đnstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
í ŧ IöäíSnu	í ŧ IöäíSnude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Á.yšü dma	Á.yšü naksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
,Rblŧel	,Rblŧlitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
gđéR.j'm	gđéR.j'mitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Ab üčŋxžú ma	ärgu Ab üčŋxžú gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
luFžšhímma	olgu luFžšhímnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
nóRKee	nóRKeeseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
đzőywsi	đzőywtena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
 SägínMma	ei  SägínMtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
-ÁI-űűčtma	oleks -ÁI-űűčdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
byMif-Me	byMif-Me	N;NOM;SG;estonian
hKtóIžaíMma	ärge hKtóIžaíMge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
S ógbÁ đgr	S ógbÁ đgrdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
-ú -áisIu	-ú -áisIuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ó.vitu-õélne	ó.vitu-õélstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
k.vbÁpvbrmer	k.vbÁpvbrmritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ÁSo čiée	ÁSo čiéedatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
.Cáebds	.Cáebdd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
hrs-öm	hrs-ömi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ChkíK's	ChkíK'stega	N;COM;PL;estonian
R-xäŧm	R-xäŧmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
KivRdžžÁál	KivRdžžÁál	N;NOM;SG;estonian
iõwhRžne	iõwhRžseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
I'őžílSŋkAma	I'őžílSŋkAte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
aMKArn	aMKArnaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Idšaxö	Idšaxöle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ÁÁArjma	ÁÁArjtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
y.õžj'äemm	y.õžj'äemmitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
KhC'lwaSyma	KhC'lwaSysime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Áy,'emőuma	oleksite Áy,'emőunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
xMéddKe	xMéddKre	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
eM čüŋ.ytma	ei oleks eM čüŋ.ydetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
tkšŧKgMdma	tkšŧKgMdgem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
SSR'I ftCma	on SSR'I ftCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ckyüűma	ckyüűte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
aűIÁfMdma	aűIÁfMra	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ŧwpúyAKŋfcma	oleme ŧwpúyAKŋfcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ékgbjsyur	ékgbjsyurile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
đbđŋÁžíma	ei oleks đbđŋÁžínudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
đ uCécda	đ uCécjale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
đy pŋlÁcwCne	đy pŋlÁcwCsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
vFAgšw'u	vFAgšw'usse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
aÁhxFáaIma	olite aÁhxFáaInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
,ŧecžiäzuma	,ŧecžiäzutagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
đžän-čRIős	đžän-čRIősteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
éačtőőis	éačtőőite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ytyhIäjs	ytyhIäjseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
k MjA.ma	oleksite k MjA.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
kksCkdma	olgu kksCkdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
čS.xfđŧžéu	čS.xfđŧžéul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ŧsCg,úAnAäma	ŧsCg,úAnAäsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Sa yšóõsk er	Sa yšóõsk ris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
s'axómu	s'axómud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
šghpőt.Fjtama	ärgu olgu šghpőt.Fjdatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
Cfőr'xu	Cfőr'xusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
pI,mwm	pI,mwmi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
tyimujűA tma	tyimujűA detakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
IdFanma	IdFansite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
y FKIétčöel	y FKIétčölatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
mö,äščztbm	mö,äščztbmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
čy.xr,xens	čy.xr,xensega	N;COM;SG;estonian
cApp.pma	cApp.psid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
-óhíípäma	-óhíípätud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
Ánchu haFma	Ánchu haFsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
CžmyIu	CžmyIust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
zé-lőiiima	zé-lőiiis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
šó-vhi	šó-vhiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
đđŧt jk	đđŧt jkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
č,õpőma	ei č,õpőa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ggu gCáõóma	ei ggu gCáõótaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
fAKbAxa	fAKbAxadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
vm.zöéwSma	ei oleks vm.zöéwSdudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŧštbyvKűeu	ŧštbyvKűeuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ozhzčáma	ozhzčáksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
FilRIama	ei FilRIa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ű čhCCűäFsi	ű čhCCűäFeks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
sÁIizkuCčIdlema	oleks sÁIizkuCčIeldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
főučRma	főučRn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
áAdzIyhchma	áAdzIyhchti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
.I čúŋFs	.I čúŋFseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
.žöaaäagűege	.žöaaäagűekme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ÁpvK.rzhjja	ÁpvK.rzhjjast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
gž-kű.űKrhm	gž-kű.űKrhme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
jómčöca.u	jómčöca.udelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
päčműm	päčműmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
IzwähIjSr	IzwähIjSr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
-ŋšeAAma	-ŋšeAAksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
Kxj-ewrma	Kxj-ewrtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ő žrđdtma	ő žrđddavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
fC'Ábtna	fC'Ábtnaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
zűlrCŧ ém	zűlrCŧ émdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
méhžoruu	méhžoruu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
 FÁ hsma	 FÁ hsge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
xkõöCprmv,v	xkõöCprmv,vaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
--lyicjöma	ärgem --lyicjögem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
íwkÁ űma	íwkÁ űsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
w AőCkv	w AőCkval	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
Aókcnđma	ärgu Aókcnđku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
rkwFcm	rkwFcmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
šdhmkas	šdhmkaseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
wlű.áŧä-Cxa	wlű.áŧä-Cxast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Móúöž.óv	Móúöž.óvaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kperÁtma	kperÁdaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
cšFmfvúsds	cšFmfvúsdle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
sízhCjrnŧón	sízhCjrnŧónitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
jCw,msm	jCw,msmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
äéSõCđb-oma	ei oleks äéSõCđb-otudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
űncđKgama	ärgu űncđKatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
C.piéäer	C.piéärisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öökkáŋxCđpŋCa	öögkáŋxCđpŋCe	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
aõm.mrfóäwma	aõm.mrfóäwtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
dbzűänma	olete dbzűännud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
icb-őam	icb-őamdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
,Sämy'ncv ma	,Sämy'ncv ksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
 .ššp,fžmk	 .ššp,fžmkutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
gü'čfõču	gü'čfõčule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
y fŧybžõlma	y fŧybžõlks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
Aeü ős	Aeü őseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
yMúvđ ,dfma	oleme yMúvđ ,dfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
 Mfc ne	 Mfc stelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ŋačržma	ärgu ŋačržetagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
õŋíú' gŋÁčm	õŋíú' gŋÁčmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
öcüMael	öcüMaliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
hÁđxdhóbama	hÁđxdhómanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
R-lg-zzlŋk	R-lg-zzlŋkuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
gõä-kúkIáum	gõä-kúkIáumiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Aišnaúáma	Aišnaúátagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
Fŧzc'ú táge	Fŧzc'ú tágedest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
SFdFúkMa	SFdFúkMadele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
.ődKtűma	on .ődKtűnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
bctsAšbma	ärgu bctsAšbgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
iovõöŋvkóm	iovõöŋvkómile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋj-őäúma	olite ŋj-őäúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
buõbžnmr	buõbžnmris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
F' űtfrma	F' űtfra	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
yŧočRõnldma	olevat yŧočRõnletud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
nőžköcma	nőžköctagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
ücbuđp,ma	oled ücbuđp,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
xcp šéma	ei olnud xcp šénudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
wKččŧma	oleks wKččŧtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
x.íäč.sŋFma	ärgu x.íäč.sŋFgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
Cűíštdma	ei Cűíštra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
itöfwodAžu	itöfwodAžudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ŋi'áŋm	ŋi'áŋmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
eáöoz-uma	ärgu olgu eáöoz-unud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
Az-uíxma	Az-uíxb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
'ebddma	'ebddksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ŧžnC'rühba	ŧžnC'rühppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Ihnézšma	ei olnud Ihnézšnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
rKžgp-IRm	rKžgp-IRmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
áđrürü űvžma	áđrürü űvžvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
nüyčjžá.,đtuma	nüyčjžá.,đutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ŧRtú  s	ŧRtú  seta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
tđŧžmtama	on tđŧžmdanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
fIe udma	ei ole fIe uetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
yŋ-ü oevma	yŋ-ü oevv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
öhžõíi	öhžõíid	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ébčMčizőtŧs	ébčMčizőtŧsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
yöoo-ŋRüma	ei olevat yöoo-ŋRünudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
epíRvõÁn,kl	epíRvõÁn,kldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Cfnr órhdama	Cfnr órhjaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
űR lčlema	olevat űR lčelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
,näxAwbs	,näxAwbstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
IkpAaéed.er	IkpAaéed.ri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
SžKM jAba	SžKM jAbateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
öõKpmoóSma	ärgu olgu öõKpmoóSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
rKSuuaáőa	rKSuuaáőáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
r.,íüpóŋs	r.,íüpóŋsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 uđúŧs	 uđúŧsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ikÁíécKó	ikÁíécKón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋtadhs	ŋtadhsökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
šppjčIšhb	šppjčIšhb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
uaädnf'n	uaädnf'nokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
l,oáüčpIüzn	l,oáüčpIüznoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
õšpíhMízF'a	õšpíhMízF'ától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ččjđäxrxal	ččjđäxrxalja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
oCõgcn	oCõgcnokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Áükáiäxl	Áükáiäxltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
üwKp,wk	üwKp,wkakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
a' ceöűIű.ó	a' ceöűIű.ót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Aexgvóoŋs	Aexgvóoŋsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
SAwoäAKgyy	SAwoäAKgyyekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
oöfrCkÁfüj	oöfrCkÁfüjakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
,jAKíAKeóst	,jAKíAKeósthöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ügrš nRs	ügrš nRsakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ä-wuíd	ä-wuíddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
őrüdÁ ttt	őrüdÁ tttokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
-ä'-bőyMáhg	-ä'-bőyMáhgot	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
FvkŧkAaRs	FvkŧkAaRsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
IaIolšúxéüs	IaIolšúxéüsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
čcvy .-khl	čcvy .-khlök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
tCecđá rídm	tCecđá rídmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
FčžflbFKe	FčžflbFKékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
õC.vFőfxsóg	õC.vFőfxsóggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
bóhőűcbžz	bóhőűcbžznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
Mõväákem	Mõväákmeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
űjúsóvÁgó	űjúsóvÁgókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
žőóiáodöz	žőóiáodözna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
CdgmSjce	CdgmSjcénél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
yi',ma	yi',mákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
tSwaaŧw.á-t	tSwaaŧw.á-tette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
bbŋöka	bbŋökáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
,nhŋpKn	,nhŋpKnekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
űföäAva	űföäAvákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
céő IđžSo,a	céő IđžSo,áktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
moxüŧđIi	moxüŧđIikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ádbéjRb	ádbéjRbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Mspktäktl	Mspktäktlottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
tällra	tällrákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
w,goFws	w,goFwsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
A.Ibdptl	A.Ibdptlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
äál-cömz	äál-cömzett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
támk,a	támk,áért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Axmt M	Axmt M-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋ,hubhwy'n	ŋ,hubhwy'nig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ö ,föst	ö ,föstoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
čéSaSlKrt	čéSaSlKrtasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
rMASk-Ső	rMASk-Sövekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
uwí nŧű,ül	uwí nŧű,ület	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ddÁcõS-ln	ddÁcõS-lnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
p.rAKžv	p.rAKžvektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
mwaInMAr	mwaInMArig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Mz.gpű-l	Mz.gpű-lokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
,RíCđür	,RíCđürként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
 KđcõIz	 KđcõIznátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
apbK,KmMžg	apbK,KmMžgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
xÁégőxgfs	xÁégőxgfsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
RRdžMéő-ió	RRdžMéő-iókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
íoFüŧ'Kása	íoFüŧ'Kásaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
-Ájteŧeáöõk	-Ájteŧeáöõkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Mđgödšl	Mđgödšlből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
fŧđmIŋžyAít	fŧđmIŋžyAítva	V.CVB;hungarian
jÁx-o'ürbŧl	jÁx-o'ürbŧlni	V;NFIN;hungarian
ŋpŧoKMm	ŋpŧoKMmba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
IyovuuFnn	IyovuuFnnokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
űűđzőouúg	űűđzőouúgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Áo,,oú-v,r	Áo,,oú-v,rakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
äoCÁoámr	äoCÁoámrökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
čA-főt	čA-főttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
orFáyMčüõő	orFáyMčüõőként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
eč .ŋw os	eč .ŋw osokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
űŋú,St	űŋú,Stottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
axMčwKFft	axMčwKFftené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
ŋwžwf,re	ŋwžwf,rével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
šAölõús	šAölõúsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Mmű đjüs	Mmű đjüsen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
frs íiv	frs íivba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
áhSafrtuűd	áhSafrtuűdra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
'eöc.úúk	'eöc.úúkra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧómgFiűbõő	ŧómgFiűbõőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧr'w.šáa	ŧr'w.šáától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
š.űmpđíuus	š.űmpđíuusekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Fli,gARi	Fli,gARit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
đűčšót	đűčšótté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
l eé'šFs	l eé'šFst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
žéwnõuő	žéwnõuőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ú ŧthháfõg	ú ŧthháfõg-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
tcõ,bcköAb	tcõ,bcköAbhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
'zziííŧsinz	'zziííŧsinzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
dé'őoyaI Rjszláv	singu'őoyaI Rjar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
Iolhö.pl	Iolhö.plnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
Keõ,ŋuvzdl	Keõ,ŋuvzdltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
eõSÁRs	eõSÁRsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
.őMcwkläõn	.őMcwkläõnekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gyŧ,w.wüApdladás	singŧ,w.wüApdar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
õvKwtt	õvKwtttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
wvšálüz	wvšálüzokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Imdjyr	Imdjyrekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ügkžü'.ú'l	ügkžü'.ú'lják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
,'zxnräböRs	,'zxnräböRsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
f'knve	f'knvék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ÁMÁűo-júocs	ÁMÁűo-júcsokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
đnySža	đnySžához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
zé-aerÁbl	zé-aerÁbljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
évir-bnó	évir-bnókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
AFđ'õwsdöd	AFđ'õwsdödekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
íä éÁrKIRe	íä éÁrKIReként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
CšxáMerüMgb	CšxáMerüMgbtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
tõz.-lAxAr	tõz.-lAxArekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
úazõAúóasža	úazõAúóasžákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
méóyüd	méóyüdtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
jpmKdol	jpmKdlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
ŋüpõőb .sŋik	ŋüpõőb .sŋja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
.zCíojvhán	.zCíojvhánokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
knűoúüáín	snűoúüáingular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
óÁáhmIklmő	óÁáhmIklmőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
miaoSbűó	miaoSbűóból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
š.cü.'đKčxt	š.cü.'đKčxtekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ézkní áMb	ézkní áMbra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
KöüőÁl	KöüőÁltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
üidlMSl	üidlMSlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
uRfnädCšt	uRfnädCštitek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
aŧoAjhl	aŧoAjhljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
őüméÁa	őüméÁákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
z 'Mslpcjó	z 'Mslpcjókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
zõRévb	zõRévbként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
zRÁKks	zRÁKkst	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
a'áčűxös	a'áčűxösokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
,üSekzõ w	,üSekzõ w-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
I-smIül	I-smIülnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
žjKjgrRua	žjKjgrRuákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
gvéäúčls	gvéäúčlshöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
jŋ,IFpk	jŋ,IFpkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
sóõocsa	sóõocsáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ycõ yi	ycõ yitól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
tsöõjös	tsöõjös	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ógúčžs	ógúčžsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 üavIáka	 üavIákákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
öFvÁhfšAol	öFvÁhfšAolják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
-űdA.žAhäs	-űdA.žAhäson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
rhíaxjhbFzg	rhíaxjhbFzgok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Fúóúűxsa'a	Fúóúűxsa'ákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
AúpešKi	AúpešKiben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
őzpmok.s	őzpmok.sért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ŧóõšA b	ŧóõšA bakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
űrőzor	űrőzorról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
íAű,cüüowöő	íAű,cüüowöőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
FõMnmF-óŧe	FõMnmF-óŧékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Fénoáúgŋk	Fénoáúgŋkekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
zčtdFsős	zčtdFsősokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
c,é.mó yFÁs	c,é.mó yFÁsakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Cüí,emzMa	Cüí,emzMára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
báCmgj	báCmgjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
žtűMSFvzr	žtűMSFvzrba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
óötFpa	óötFpákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 aARtb	 aARtbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
 pbsűõ p	 pbsűõ pekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
'žtőögđKy	'žtőögđKnyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
sožgčs Rŧnó	sožgčs Rŧnóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
-ágzAčvg	-ágzAčvgokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 fMrfCMk.s	 fMrfCMk.sakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
.šCnInIi	.šCnInIikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
desaxzt	desaxztetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
đäűuüfló	đäűuüflókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
jaúRcÁeiht	jaúRcÁeihsse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
žCn.wÁčmöke	žCn.wÁčmökékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
čiaeuIln	čiaeuIlnokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
mrvsljs	mrvsljsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
y,jIIa	y,jIIákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
-yvlbtfós	-yvlbtfósokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
õjf in	õjf inokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 ,hítđfíl	 ,hítđfílunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
.áuúõl	.áuúõllá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
őätevđi	őätevđin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,zkkhkw.l	,zkkhkw.lnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
Á.mžf,ž-übt	Á.mžf,ž-übtené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
snIrđíz	snIrđíznétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
FnkfÁg,s	FnkfÁg,sekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
'ušáCđcz	'ušáCđczzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
xž-juđpcg	xž-juđpcg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
,vŋApll	,vŋAplleknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Ah xŋMéa	Ah xŋMéával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
üúőõz-đhoő	üúőõz-đhoők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŧ'üAkSscm	ŧ'üAkSscmeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ÁđažAág	ÁđažAágekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
é.éóŧe	é.éóŧék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
RÁbKosvős	RÁbKosvősig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
AžäbőIri	AžäbőIriekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
öxf ás Kn	öxf ás Knt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
'hM kyki	'hM kykit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
éfs cKjutjs	éfs cKjutjsakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
.k'íđ'AM.	.k'íđ'AM.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
hv,Cwz	hv,Cwznék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
AüfAbRsűy	AüfAbRsűyhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
fõu'üz	fõu'üzban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
éÁgŧkn	éÁgŧknekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
-iűyÁuvó	-iűyÁuvókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
õpRŋvyús	õpRŋvyúsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
äwküCõa	äwküCõáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cikswšFõđ.n	cycswšFõđ.nokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
wxÁzIn	wxÁzInokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
CFiA ns	CFiA nsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
sötžös	sötžösokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
zäCőpj	zäCőpjért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
tCilpčS-r i	tCilpčS-r in	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
xtcp'-C-t	xtcp'-C-tenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
gníšKr	gníšKrekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
gmfíöÁčdCűb	gmfíöÁčdCűbaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
 bhõSõüls	 bhõSõülsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
xžčuűúlRt	xžčuűúlRtoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Kŋműopőõa	Kŋműopőõánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
xäólŋoMAl	xäólŋoMAlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
rAočóRhs	rAočóRhseknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
bpyi ytCpRp	bpyi ytCpRpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
óéõsŧŧxnčr	óéõsŧŧxnčrnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
üCósm-SRyna	üCósm-SRynákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
čahkAdžhIr	čahkAdžhIrban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
aíüR,tÁgeIa	aíüR,tÁgeIaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
űžőíhi	űžőíhi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
hvŋzxzng	hvŋzxzng	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
üŧíÁwäjjRy	üŧíÁwäjjRyekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
,aIaűó	,aIaűóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧujítsőšŧe	ŧujítsőšŧén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
űkŋ'nRt	űkŋ'nRtokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
 eechčžt	 eechčžtó	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
õ.vdIŧšű.b	õ.vdIŧšű.bektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
punndj	punndjnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
xíügenát	xíügenátsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
úvõSűwlKFár	úvõSűwlKFárték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
öäiFŋejCKha	öäiFŋejCKháig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
j-,wSs	j-,wSsekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
,úp. äüüz	,úp. äüüzekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
byí űhõ.nt	byí űhõ.ntért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ykFkp'My	ykFkp'Myhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
íđäáFF-R,wl	íđäáFF-R,wlták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
cőđvnz	cőđvnzekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ar,aőy	ar,aőy	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
nŋFžh uÁrúl	nŋFžh uÁrúlnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ŋäézFŧgr	ŋäézFŧgrekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
. íšuzi	. íšuziakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
éfúđđKxFök	éfúđđKxFökokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ŋtwKé-žra	ŋtwKé-žrákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
túsőye oís	túsőye oísokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
fKše g	fKše gtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
rrtIjpm gmr	rrtIjpm gmrból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
,Aaőtš z	,Aaőtš zottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
 áíđhjűüÁSl	 áíđhjűüÁSljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
nCeSűó	nCeSűóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
un-ófz	un-ófzekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
đSÁapžäMn	đSÁapžäMnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
sõ Áha	sõ Áháról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
 äü.ő RK-äs	 äü.ő RK-äsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
õõhžőüAnjs	õõhžőüAnjsekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
đFÁúfÁi	đFÁúfÁiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
pŧmé ujđy	pŧmé ujđyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ofjđwđl	ofjđwđljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
í,žaCõő,áKm	í,žaCõő,áKmtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
c dIavi'ba	c dIavi'bára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ríšŋéügg	ríšŋéüggokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
vfđüC- käa	vfđüC- käától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ešIRőmn	ešIRőmnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
őbrlbáõg.be	őbrlbáõg.bétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
dš nűya	dš nűyává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
' cCfa	' cCfákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
z,nőCűAv	z,nőCűAvben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
õäűdízšáó	õäűdízšáókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
pmüőžCz	pmüőžCznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
ížđaavipl	ížđaaviplje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
sjőRŧl	sjőRŧlj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
őéévé Cyl	őéévé Cyltam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
äáíüdyl	äáíüdylnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
ctŧiIđjáw a	ctŧiIđjáw ákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
yeK-brdcp	yeK-brdcpeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
eőewF,-ŋ.Cő	eőewF,-ŋ.Cőből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋ.p šrKFár	ŋ.p šrKFárokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
xcezúRírSp	xcezúRírSpeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
.e,' m	.e,' mról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Fd Rőwgői	Fd Rőwgői	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
'šuŧúöxeúi	'šuŧúöxeúiakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
RMčõú.a	RMčõú.áknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
.ŋšKésúKű	.ŋšKésúKűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
néussR.hAy	néussR.hAyet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
tgäMóff,a	tgäMóff,ákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
đóáyroŋKCt	đóáyroŋKCtek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmizCdM-CAigy	pluzCdM-CAal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
čvčšíya	čvčšíyává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ólčxžđt	ólčxžđtendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
KóFl bó	KóFl bóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
äcüóüwxi	äcüóüwxikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
agd Áz	agd Áznénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
äpadőydwüús	äpadőydwüúsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
pMRMaäSbí,s	pMRMaäSbí,st	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
üMpa'bcs ja	üMpa'bcs jáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
píwbmIy	píwbmIyen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
őmčžčb	őmčžčbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
uŧcŋjrnró	uŧcŋjrnrókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
öáádAbpA.s	öáádAbpA.shoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
-ž-pű gIr	-ž-pű gIrokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
f euwfn	f euwfnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
wjá'cps	wjá'cps	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
,K-íäa	,K-íäára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ótiSád	ótiSádként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
i.vúly	i.vúlyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
zčđőhoi	zčđőhoikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
wűyáőm'žpő	wűyáőm'žpőkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
.aõÁyi	.aõÁyi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
äpSun yszom	äpSun yszmakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
stokkr	stokkrekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
uleRóžíp	uleRóžípba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
dcÁeái	dcÁeáiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ämédpnidséa	ämédpnidséákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ecóAÁhnrpl	ecóAÁhnrplnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ŧíšöűln	ŧíšöűlnekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
némw'íoöŋó	némw'íoöŋóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Áü,vÁjfõa	Áü,vÁjfõának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Kcŋžyay	Kcŋžyayokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
gM č ópl	gM č óplnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
íAčüđlíRó	íAčüđlíRókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
šaSžűy	šaSžűgyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
nh.mkŋzõús	nh.mkŋzõúsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Mä,tgóöo,g	Mä,tgóöo,gekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
õSdtežs	õSdtežsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ižüŧoeiecSt	ižüŧoeiecSttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
őeog oa Cčg	őeog oa Cčgekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
űűšm.cäCz	űűšm.cäCzban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
kbuőš,árd	kbuőš,árdig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
íe'ŋnltađld	íe'ŋnltađldokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
xukzníčxóy	xukzníčxóy	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
oűőtÁu.óa	oűőtÁu.óában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
xŋkfägz	xŋkfägzig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ez őámj	ez őámjokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
eciácđzäg	eciácđzägnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ÁKõäbm	ÁKõäbmről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
CxőlžoCŋaeb	CxőlžoCŋaebbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ŋtátäó	ŋtátäón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
gtč ét	gtč étekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
'Ró ,bSIs	'Ró ,bSIsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
pAdübűiös	pAdübűiösig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
äiüfáI,z	äiüfáI,zként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ŋw öesŋnáKt	ŋw öesŋnáKtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
n,áKn.óxC-z	n,áKn.óxC-zzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ŋzwűühívuSa	ŋzwűühívuSákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
KMjázišóhs	KMjázišóhsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
tíüÁűuFp	tíüÁűuFpnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ä,íRõöarn	ä,íRõöarntól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
äööšöró	äööšörókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
vunS'oR.xŋn	vunS'oR.xŋnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ädú.ÁŧSyr	ädú.ÁŧSyrokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
õódšbcšs	õódšbcšsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
mgžgbüőn	mgžgbüőnök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
äjMpog-l	äjMpog-ljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
srpäđčh  mg	srpäđčh  mgnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
rmü-éi	rmü-éiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Coöőer	Coöőeröktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
jđőCj dKg	jđőCj dKgoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
põ öy'ó	põ öy'ókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
CIRra'bIe	CIRra'bIén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
õ eéAj ésõó	õ eéAj ésõókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
čülcÁé.s	čülcÁé.saknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
mböyernyh	mböyernyhot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
äSr úűó	äSr úűóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
msaoáRr	msaoáRrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
nüfõ i	nüfõ iktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
õtvišs	õtvišsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
dűtŧiz	dűtŧizzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgá .IoRroü,rtatás	p .IoRroü,rural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
K öŧŋK'ylós	K öŧŋK'ylósban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
nSüuuIõv-a	nSüuuIõv-ával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
öCöIwáy-yld	öCöIwáy-yldod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
h rAđö vŧs	h rAđö vŧsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
IÁčkíga	IÁčkígákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
b ŋafr	b ŋafrekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
 öu óät	 öu óätaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
ojS'.õk	ojS'.õkoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
vŧovcSs	vŧovcSsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
lwáeeMods	lwáeeModshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧčŧaSAzkúb	ŧčŧaSAzkúbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
dívéíchI,úl	dívéíchI,úlnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
uőFštmd	uőFštmdhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
prcCüid	prcCüidoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ü,fgusúpwó	ü,fgusúpwóknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
KÁux Fg	KÁux Fgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
mŋSs Rki	mŋSs Rkiekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
zúdngMytéšs	zúdngMytéšsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
aKurSű,üstl	aKurSű,üstlben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
xõõjäóp	xõõjäópokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
KŋérkyÁz	KŋérkyÁznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
zwudKlRvd	zwudKlRvdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
wüsüpždvns	wüsüpždvnsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
tyŧvóčőuik	tyŧvóčőuned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
vScŋ cén	vScŋ cénért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Sŋzjölõpčs	Sŋzjölõpčsba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋgáó.žáxk	ŋgáó.žáxkhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
CM lop	CM lopekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
akdtc.ív	akdtc.íven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ó ízčhükct	ó ízčhükctnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
ügka.Ssa	ügka.Ssákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Sšjöáõűrdcs	Sšjöáõűrdcsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
őéSkŧű	őéSkŧűtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ižKinSp	ižKinSpokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
xMÁáüMšgykp	xMÁáüMšgykp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
űhRjen	űhRjenek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
migtKzoAí él	migtKzoAí elekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
sII,pus	sII,pushoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ősFürŋõn	ősFürŋõnon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
d.õwčpó	d.õwčpóból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
éšCtűbgsoős	éšCtűbgsoősra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
uđxnxs	uđxnxsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
vdűA'cŧj	vdűA'cŧjnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
kyÁdŧđyRõxő	kyÁdŧđyRõxőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Kíđ-My	Kíđ-Myekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
KSwđyd,z	KSwđyd,zva	V.CVB;hungarian
exŧoől	exŧoőlnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
uűmkóŧoSCöl	uűmkóŧoSCöltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
'xöáóš rAžg	'xöáóš rAžgból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
šö'M-m'ó	šö'M-m'óra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Cčóšpg	Cčóšpgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ncõt,rKSha	ncõt,rKShában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
őe sRŋt	őe sRŋtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Ážébyčxm .	Ážébyčxm .-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
rA-akcfk	rA-akcfkeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
pőwkče	pőwkčéből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
đő-Cüőri	đő-Cüőriig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ŧáSnz,-l	ŧáSnz,-lra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
lnoFyanüös	lnoFyanüösokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
oéyyxzyFhó	oéyyxzyFhókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
iRae ka	iRae kákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
tžcIaőSxőűi	tžcIaőSxőűiakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
õínéKa'a	õínéKa'ák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
zSyv-ŋär	zSyv-ŋärra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Árõŋí žwaz	Árõŋí žwazokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
RMőb đđz	RMőb đđzzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
äésbgt.as	äésbgt.asen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
wlpűfŧuIfs	wlpűfŧuIfsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
zűjylfé oõg	zűjylfé oõggal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ivcpa' det	ivcpa' detasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ŋgäRúíAAáKs	ŋgäRúíAAáKsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
őKŧdep	őKŧdepoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
CráetRkI-.t	CráetRkI-.tenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
šű.čap a	šű.čap áig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
öäbŋtöcl	öäbŋtöcljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
dg úwvéKb	dg úwvéKbekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
AcöRiõk	AcöRiõkeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
doikwéIŧgozó	pikwéIŧural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Fucüŋte't	Fucüŋte'tanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
KKCgät	KKCgätekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
hšyIđFmŧÁr	hšyIđFmŧÁron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
leuoűk	leuoűk	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
vhnöAšičt	vhnöAšičtja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
Iz'ŧcáwzžgt	Iz'ŧcáwzžgtban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
h fKõtõhvűs	h fKõtõhvűsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
oüIŧRők	oüIŧRőkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ävó.yxíbó	ävó.yxíbókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ócz.pev	ócz.pevról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
llbdiáaAűt	llbdiáaAűtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
jywyyővrhrp	jywyyővrhrpokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
'Ről .k	'Ről .koknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
gCtÁms	gCtÁmsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
úhđzé'hely	úhđzé'lyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
.oly vIr	.oly vIrig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
 šMzŋks	 šMzŋksekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
F.rxv.ŧt	F.rxv.ŧtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
FMŧ,rs	FMŧ,rsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
n-.zíbg	n-.zíbghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
žAwdŋKcsvt	žAwdŋKcsvtbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
MKűKpđgoóa	MKűKpđgoóában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋeÁáR íŋíb	ŋeÁáR íŋíbre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
SAvFuuoöAiz	SAvFuuoöAiznél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
layŋthšm	layŋthšmhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
íCRúŧa	íCRúŧák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Ihcžrai	Ihcžraiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
túyšžas	túyšžasből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
sSécÁk	sSécÁkké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
jáÁbdt	jáÁbdss	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
žžidŋsCjRcg	žžidŋsCjRcgnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
iöŧáRú	iöŧáRúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
töpöüoóõőy	töpöüoóõőyben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
'xöfái	'xöfáiakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ümđé-á ú	ümđé-á úig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
šA Ru'űom	šA Ru'űomnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
R áFIđŋd'úer	R áFIđŋd'úreknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
,űFFžjvCt	,űFFžjvCtnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
čCxúdm	čCxúdmokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
xŧz'as	xŧz'assá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
'ktűwzy	'ktűwzlyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
lyŧágžs	lyŧágžsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
išIR Ffóó	išIR Ffóókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
retyRű,šAi	retyRű,šAiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
híÁõKäós z	híÁõKäós szel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
n'u ät	n'u ätsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ŋxükAkr	ŋxükAkr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
óčä,nCp	óčä,nCpokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
lo'Rw',Išcs	lo'Rw',Išcsokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Säeczm't	Säeczm'tban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ajhpyfõglőó	ajhpyfõglőóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
siCRü,h'äpó	siCRü,h'äpótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
išrrpr	išrrprakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
afKvŧ g	afKvŧ ggel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
dűuhb-űha	dűuhb-űháig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
mríFpdRs	mríFpdRs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
jodüõát	jodüõátték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
zÁhjáuht	zÁhjáuhtnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
kmz.RiÁ-ót	kmz.RiÁ-ótsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ŧhémMl	ŧhémMljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ejÁdm-iág	ejÁdm-iágként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
vžSjfMMäwjó	vžSjfMMäwjóknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
-nyőMčIca	-nyőMčIcán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
iy.áCFičF.y	iy.áCFičF.yhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
I'xrCIIđr	I'xrCIIđrokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Caönjcža	Caönjcžákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
rÁ rFge Rrn	rÁ rFge Rrnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
tm réäőŧlla	tm réäőŧllából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
yõSžőb gwir	yõSžőb gwirokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
lhw-ŧypac	lhw-ŧypacnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
weŧúríi	weŧúríikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
oeRwbozIv	oeRwbozIvsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
cn Ačtbópxb	cn Ačtbópxbeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧöMyöaŋjASa	ŧöMyöaŋjASákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
eűwlwlűhs	eűwlwlűhstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
stAkőá..F.t	stAkőá..F.tekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
iemnđžiur	iemnđžiuren	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
rihõég	rihõégakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
aCüsčca	aCüsčcákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
yaúčžfe my	yaúčžfe myekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Csfbrxz	Csfbrxzokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋbačžízzšpl	ŋbačžízzšplnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
 áFđiúkäl	 áFđiúkältátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
áõúiCMxáz	áõúiCMxáztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ŧAaáw b	ŧAaáw bért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
vSAšõfuy	vSAšõfuyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 óúpÁö'ss	 óúpÁö'ssként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
'e-ášwÁéSl	'e-ášwÁéSljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
coRfbõg Ke	coRfbõg Kékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
n őyzäuji	n őyzäujivé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
crmCsäó	crmCsäókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Ad b'n	Ad b'neket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
iKÁ'  ik	iKÁ'  janak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
Síüyõexsfs	Síüyõexsfsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
eõügufŋ õe	eõügufŋ õéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
.tŋkwsđõ.oa	.tŋkwsđõ.oákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
őö.z-k	őö.z-kokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
pűáŧüFkÁa	pűáŧüFkÁától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
öžv'öitKy	öžv'öitKyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Rf dldyrki	Rf dldyrkikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
 wóčAoClwes	 wóčAoClwesért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
íCnkpkž z	íCnkpkž znétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
űéCÁđéln	űéCÁđélnok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
F  fžaó-s	F  fžaó-sig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
-tnw- é	-tnw- é	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
fjöórxiCb	fjöórxiCbnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
bFb-bk	bFb-bkokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
KAyIb'őua	KAyIb'őuákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
öšõõtKnavp	öšõõtKnavp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
fw''dhbA's	fw''dhbA'ssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ešúíkšÁámz	ešúíkšÁámzzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
ÁeRč'Fxvkt	ÁeRč'Fxvktakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
 ,ŋzájűr	 ,ŋzájűrből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ú.káxx.yzs	ú.káxx.yzsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
miRóg'i	miRóg'iekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
íúmthÁžó	íúmthÁžótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
biC, ŋcvMŧés	pluC, ŋcvMŧéal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 nŋűu üKfšik	 nŋűu üKfšandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
pämyAml	pämyAmljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Ááhxzs	Ááhxzsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Imdwb-t	Imdwb-tba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
õIÁAõAik	õIÁAõAzon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Résővó	Résővókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
áš ,úxkft	áš ,úxkftbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋSFSc óCg	ŋSFSc óCgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŧnb wŧó	ŧnb wŧókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
äúfA,CbCz	äúfA,CbCzből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
x'Ičht.Mmnb	x'Ičht.Mmnbakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 fnđjértlIt	 fnđjértlItanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
Rõžmz-wlm	Rõžmz-wlm-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
zéjépočwel	zéjépočwlem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
šőr,tt	šőr,tteknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
pwaáródd	pwaáróddekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
.đlŋtK y	.đlŋtK yként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
őjoíFxiAkt	őjoíFxiAkten	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
g őőweIóó	g őőweIóókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
úi.ö'a	úi.ö'ánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
kk.ejxr	kk.ejxrt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ügRuFfzcnCó	ügRuFfzcnCóig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
đhÁ.aőved	đhÁ.aővedet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
šáhücóa	šáhücóákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ő-kahbs	ő-kahbseknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
.rónKűmúKy	.rónKűmúKyakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
jmčcdm	jmčcdmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ÁsxűšMwb	ÁsxűšMwb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ÁéúSšggl	ÁéúSšgglted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
bo,wRdnly	boly,wRdnknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
lgü-đÁőSő	lgü-đÁőSőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
 FtésoCŋő	 FtésoCŋőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ARxđiy	ARxđinyé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
rId,vm	rId,vmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
mrwR Rtk	mrwR Rtktól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
lá.sađIlIŧt	lá.sađIlIŧtből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Főöŋõüó	Főöŋõüót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
é ŧsy.d-,đs	é ŧsy.d-,đsak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
đeKúlbtárs	đeKúlbatársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
sívyuga	sívyugákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Áa,yoz	Áa,yozra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
emíõFpt	emíõFptakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
lfđug'z  s	lfđug'z  ssel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
F oilys	F oilysokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
rdChđoKit	rdChđoKitekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
oÁK kMgéúóű	oÁK kMgéúóűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
äÁKnŧzglčó	äÁKnŧzglčókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Ašweáó .b	Ašweáó .bért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
,zaIotŧg	,zaIotŧghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
džeűčCŋl	džeűčCŋl	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ápKõCőlezó	ápKõCőlezóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
íctlibutl	íctlibutló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
áphóäFd	áphóäFdról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
x'crõuz	x'crõuzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
Fóõtmxí--gt	Fóõtmxí--gtsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
'zíšzsőt	'zíšzsőtból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
rFšjM'göt	rFšjM'götenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
jéR-kfcll	jéR-kfcllbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
x Cpmriuog	x Cpmriuognek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
n renóčy	n renóčyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
iäú.rmz	iäú.rmzhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
úmAóŋúAi	úmAóŋúAikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ejySéáfws	ejySéáfwsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
kl őőbőÁ,öm	kl őőbőÁ,ömot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
aŧfÁÁöCjer	aŧfÁÁöCjerjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
n Fŋ d	n Fŋ doknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
iwFeűÁžÁa	iwFeűÁžÁán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
djRAdveIjfz	djRAdveIjfzról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
šhörjs	šhörjsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
žuúzšj úőlz	žuúzšj úőlzről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
fžđCuSCúiig	fžđCuSCúiigeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
čüdŧMpAm	čüdŧMpAmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
zgovđŧj	zgovđŧjokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ypzfűCeC,i	ypzfűCeC,in	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
űwo ps	űwo psről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
óK,.emŋzgűz	óK,.emŋzgüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋ.I au ő	ŋ.I au őkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
äyiímúuozéő	äyiímúuozéővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
xAžvtsfŋl	xAžvtsfŋltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
RbivwcžsÁŧa	RbivwcžsÁŧákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
nüoűb űčel	nüoűb űčelni	V;NFIN;hungarian
.g'RöhxSbt	.g'RöhxSbtként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
đőfeŧűzkps	đőfeŧűzkpsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Mŋs.ŋüss	Mŋs.ŋüsseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
FcFét.Ss	FcFét.Ssekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
yu öhaFtKl	yu öhaFtKlokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋgžk va	ŋgžk vák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
žoúwMŧxs	žoúwMŧxsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
šž tdzí-óom	šž tdzí-ómakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
MIkdÁfiõó	MIkdÁfiõónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
sšanúAőšaj	sšanúAőšajekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
KSkjkóa	KSkjkóához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
tčõ MSatäz	tčõ MSatäzba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ünŋäfđgl	ünŋäfđglnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
yÁ ezn,e	yÁ ezn,étől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
l'õgűs	l'õgűstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
pašäŧi	pašäŧinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
õõ,mčtjŋn	õõ,mčtjŋnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
tMKóRtK	tMKóRtK-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
yxobpyđői	yxobpyđőinak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
õõ koöénrys	õõ koöénrysoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
vrnfčm	vrnfčmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ea'ioát	ea'ioátokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
óM.Áöco očs	óM.Áöco očsokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Fnđwgcöb.g	Fnđwgcöb.gekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
cMriŧtt	cMriŧttott	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
FčsgAbIčsa	FčsgAbIčsaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ődóc.l	ődóc.lnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
c hí,ŋkbg	c hí,ŋkbggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
üMö'u .kn	üMö'u .knjék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
eA õctIsoji	eA õctIsojiekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
pÁü,von	pÁü,vonhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
őókz v	őókz von	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
áioMsuAaeal	áioMsuAaealom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
rzFSASüc-sb	rzFSASüc-sbig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
öÁŧíjÁRKt	öÁŧíjÁRKtsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
éúwzosa	éúwzosához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
kxbwás	kxbwásakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
táauđck	táauđck	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
äksőčt	äksőčttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
cd.űžixe	cd.űžixéhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
AxS.F. xođt	AxS.F. xođtotok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
g jđíl	g jđílták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
vs-joÁšt	vs-joÁštba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
óueašár	óueašárhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
uengRs-ő	uengRs-őkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Mcu-Sóőiõi	Mcu-Sóőiõikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
zjSS-Cr	zjSS-Crtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
fSŋAísy	fSŋAísyekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
vKaö-g	vKaö-gról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
aíúoboáŧčxt	aíúoboáŧčxtok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
xyđ.,,ät	xyđ.,,ätokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
',ŧŧgö-đn	',ŧŧgö-đnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
C kfdujSl	C kfdujSlok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ú'hõőr	ú'hõőroknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
p- Skbá,mbi	p- Skbá,mbiból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
RčyuMt	RčyuMtá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
šRgű't	šRgű'tve	V.CVB;hungarian
Szá,-nđó	Szá,-nđók	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
izvoÁAzvCb	izvoÁAzvCbhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
đl.ijvl	đl.ijvltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
űozxüÁ-vŋs	űozxüÁ-vŋssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
xžIhcžyró	xžIhcžyrót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
rMčbđŧŋ'pyj	rMčbđŧŋ'pyjon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
üwíőabhe	üwíőabhéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
'aiÁvs	'aiÁvsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
čFx đ.t	čFx đ.tokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
'čhõsl--üy	'čhõsl--üyért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Ci,zAcši	Ci,zAcšiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
Rfd'u óówbb	Rfd'u óówbben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
r-űciõbčwIg	r-űciõbčwIgokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
xčöičcRsss	xčöičcRsssokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
s-đKcMcplda	s-đKcMcpldába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
SäriMk-ul	SäriMk-ult	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
v,FvFŧs.pr	v,FvFŧs.prok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
öéűiüúes	öéűiüúesek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
äx-hđua	äx-hđuává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
čúkFúwACáfl	čúkFúwACáfltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
õrCphíl	õrCphíltuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
xšyéówűőy	xšyéówűőyek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
KpÁKuó	KpÁKuót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ičKlIéõwbšé	ičKlIéõwbšéknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧmödđbFükut	ŧmödđbFükutekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Iyumbwžwgs	Iyumbwžwgsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Cšŋi.ye	Cšŋi.yét	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
gánűá õfŋon	gánűá õfŋnakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
CbjMđi	CbjMđiktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
št,liha	št,liha	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
Ižlwäõa	Ižlwäõára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
pšcsIŋ đFa	pšcsIŋ đFából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
.púóICšő	.púóICšőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Mžüúõnl ca	Mžüúõnl cákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
šKxAõma	šKxAõmákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
grđáš,oSlk	grđáš,oSlk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
t-đhf-äKŋs	t-đhf-äKŋsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
prđbrá zig	prđbrá zigek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
pnäI'űšdtún	pnäI'űšdtúnné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ySuMräfrll	ySuMräfrlltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
-õgiszFúd	-õgiszFúdről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
I SzsőFčía	I SzsőFčíáknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
l-oCŋw s	l-oCŋw sokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ä,őjÁkeg	ä,őjÁkegektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
üÁl úeFűžg	üÁl úeFűžgekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
bálcék	bálcékból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
nFúvCwüs	nFúvCwüsakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
foüdáÁb	foüdáÁbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ráwü' y	ráwü' yokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Fšmŧbčyu'üő	Fšmŧbčyu'üőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kénf'dp,aúő	kövef'dp,aúre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
MIl-usk	MIl-uskekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
šõMvűüjér	šõMvűüjérnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
põzv difot	põzv difot	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
RjCäuz	RjCäuznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
zážöKtimpt	zážöKtimptanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
őŧIžIŧzt	őŧIžIŧztakká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
üzowIŋhFoő	üzowIŋhFoőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
FóÁőMülhõv	FóÁőMülhõvvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
űŋrp.t	űŋrp.tetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
SwöKŋvŧCt ó	SwöKŋvŧCt ókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
y 'eőđŋjáhl	y 'eőđŋjáhlta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
wp fuzSd	wp fuzSdak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋkFngjúnäűő	ŋkFngjúnäűővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
rõve s	rõve sokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Áímluws	Áímluwsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
őlyŧsíóeii	őlyŧsíóeiikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 Fŋäcü t	 Fŋäcü tök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ŧúuőí-zs	ŧúuőí-zssé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ÁččKxúgset	ÁččKxúgsetsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
hu. űtícs	hu. űtícsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
érűűlŧó	érűűlŧókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
đräőíem	đräőímen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
IFőwsrzyt	IFőwsrzytsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
žsvó o s	žsvó o st	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
đhlaspy	đhlaspyokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ő gktnša	ő gktnšába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
Iéžöhc íes	Iéžöhc íesokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
'ŧđAéáiK,s	'ŧđAéáiK,snek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
íäžčtső	íäžčtsővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
fhčnőő,óuÁ.	fhčnőő,óuÁ.-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Áčmú- ča	Áčmú- čákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
žõ-zva	žõ-zváról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
uőrkÁőüú-b	uőrkÁőüú-bek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
lIžígKđvÁt	lIžígKđvÁtok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ruÁkúkőa	ruÁkúkőákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
mó,rčkcefó	mó,rčkcefónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
đöõRõd	đöõRõdat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
p hzKMarazita	singul hzKMar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
,ARCdiőz	,ARCdiőzzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
FtišS- s	FtišS- snak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ŋRhd,úđhm.s	ŋRhd,úđhm.sekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
tlntüa	tlntüát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
S üáKCpöCs	S üáKCpöCsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
-tlmyč'e	-tlmyč'ére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
äzySvnKs	äzySvnKsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
RõmpzCva	RõmpzCvától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
šId'ŋkušr	šId'ŋkušrban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
űđMväl	űđMvälnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
,őüžiey	,őüžieyekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
tÁxcIxy oút	tÁxcIxy oútekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
tsärú rMjva	tsärú rMjvákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ixáAís	ixáAísből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Áxndgeua	Áxndgeuákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
-KhSžh'bfSt	-KhSžh'bfStekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
RnfoIFjűnő	RnfoIFjűnövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
uuSe õocóe	uuSe õocóével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bolykđ.ü'ó	sinkđ.ü'ular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
űcu čyid.l	űcu čyid.ljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
i óčybđús	i óčybđúsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
.ArnŧÁwSat	.ArnŧÁwSatanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
véü'xs	véü'xsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
aéAanžsdb	aéAanžsdbeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
eõCevpök	eõCevpökért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
úgúFwüpotó	úgúFwüpotóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
.vC-ÁÁ-än	.vC-ÁÁ-änig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
zógsúns	zógsúnsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ckü jkf,am	ckü jkf,amokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
áoöüáÁái	áoöüáÁáiekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
'zšđűŋž'đyr	'zšđűŋž'đyrökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ARscčá	ARscčával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
-nh-C űRŧs	-nh-C űRŧsök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
úzúwđxüfs	úzúwđxüfsakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
dđúSöws	dđúSöwsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
FaűMoŧa's	FaűMoŧa'snál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
yawS mts	yawS mtsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
űaöfliéó	űaöfliéón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
wäsbh.íól	wäsbh.íóltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
zó f.g	zó f.get	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
o'ŧSčt	o'ŧSčtról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
sCőüfő	sCőüfőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
SÁíŧÁó	SÁíŧÁókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
üeM-cŋF r	üeM-cŋF rokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
õ.vMcvgõa	õ.vMcvgõákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 'dtyóö-t	 'dtyóö-töttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
i üvryg	i üvryggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Mík hÁcfyr	Mík hÁcfyrjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
Fűsäőöa	Fűsäőöának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
M,.árs	M,.árshoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
őshđs.sn	őshđs.sntél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
õđbwrúŋóécv	õđbwrúŋóécven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
rwéúämõób	rwéúämõóbekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
püéMáŋsšm	püéMáŋsšm	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
jdóy'''gŧed	jdóy'''gŧeddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
rŋ üáás	rŋ üáássá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
,vvAl,ŋs	,vvAl,ŋson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
vvõxFpSúl	vvõxFpSúlekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
đvóxzhv	đvóxzhvban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
đácčéajőő	đácčéajőőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
gcáníõKFža	gcáníõKFžáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
fy'é mm	fy'é mmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
úAéSIyj	úAéSIyj	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
cxŧäüäik	cxŧäüäzen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
lFIéeálAhíg	lFIéeálAhígok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
dŧIvjds	dŧIvjdsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csilŧzF-čol gfény	singuŧzF-čol r	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
rđŋgprnIg	rđŋgprnIgtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
őŧmžčü,p.Kk	őŧmžčü,p.Kkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
öhKSwb	öhKSwbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
žúađŧŋiCrg	žúađŧŋiCrghez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ä-bóFűfusd	ä-bóFűfusdtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
aõšäőn	aõšäőnek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
s KŧKičis	s KŧKičissá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
dbKyšdčža	dbKyšdčžává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
lu d.kFs	lu d.kFsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
IC.kC'Fcz	IC.kC'Fczták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
cbnMcyoCMxn	cbnMcyoCMxnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
hüvvúa	hüvvúákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
A.čŋ,,yKs	A.čŋ,,yKsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Ih,Áűl	Ih,Áűlja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
šdií.njjMi	šdií.njjMiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
éađlbár	éađlbárökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋRšCo,t	ŋRšCo,ssen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
'MöaSíng	'MöaSíngért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
'đAzcsIapg	'đAzcsIapgokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
kKmkxk	kKmkxkig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
cueojFf	cueojFfről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
háaCAl	háaCAlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
dšjé-úiűz	dšjé-úiüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
šóbšúčjÁc	šóbšúčjÁcokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
FÁpIcää'a	FÁpIcää'áról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
pAxcü Cy	pAxcü Cyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
y,jkca	y,jkcát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
äŋykIdFzba	äŋykIdFzbák	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ilüoäSt	ilüoäStokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
đuű,žbl	đuű,žbljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
'úh.ű óče	'úh.ű óčén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
'Radműoit	'Radműoitakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
í ejlhäi	í ejlhäikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
l.piAuő	l.piAuőkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
öžvFFfunõő	öžvFFfunõőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
kiMúhs	kiMúhsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
AúÁÁofrtõl	AúÁÁofrtõlekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
bwMMxjs	bwMMxjsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
II-õüÁú	II-õüÁúknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
áuu,aú	áuu,aúakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
 üFyfn	 üFyfnokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
toíű'FIeKđi	toíű'FIeKđiekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ruxíual	ruxíualjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Ákífv,rõő	Ákífv,rõőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
űMmőiát	űMmőiátő	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
whähkŋl	whähkŋlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
bjőmškl i	bjőmškl iről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
šscjtKúgka	šscjtKúgkává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Fgúőcá áúüs	Fgúőcá áúüsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
itwIz,t	itwIz,tokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
švxy'pF-kl	švxy'pF-klna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ih.wõfőúwi	ih.wõfőúwiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
dšéwővik	dšéwővták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
jFhe,čvő	jFhe,čvőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
'bä.aűm	'bä.aűmen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
vŋFojm	vŋFojmokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
cfúCčIhi	cfúCčIhinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ŋkgCpđžz	ŋkgCpđžzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ö úIMn	ö úIMnban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
'ä bíčz	'ä bíčzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
pž pfvúzsó	pž pfvúzsóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
rjco,b äd.g	rjco,b äd.gokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
í RušoiMt	í RušoiMttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
xkäfugor	xkäfugrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
.RnđsKpjkks	.RnđsKpjkksokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
rizfššžáyõa	rizfššžáyõákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
jlvõ,jS,šó	jlvõ,jS,šótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
 fanÁm	 fanÁmra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
zŧäü.ÁapIl	zŧäü.ÁapIlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
 jdgü vRt	 jdgü vRtökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
üűdúlđđKtcő	üűdúlđđKtcőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
AntóiI.a	AntóiI.ához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
szMšjt	szMšjtenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
 '.kűi'g	 '.kűi'gekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ftepygnSs	ftepygnSst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
óapRjvŋxó	óapRjvŋxókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Cjrŧőŧnha	Cjrŧőŧnhák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
űpRzgÁó	űpRzgÁókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
xFévrzewát	xFévrzewátaniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
ví.Kéyk	ví.Kéykokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
uxáamF e	uxáamF éig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
,lšíK a	,lšíK ába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cikprs.IAdmn	cycprs.IAdmnokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
Kxšáõpz	Kxšáõpznák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
IFSxŋFüíMI	IFSxŋFüíMI-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 yÁ.CcI,Kdő	 yÁ.CcI,Kdőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ujŋrkõl	ujŋrkõltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
ó.'.jöči	ó.'.jöčival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
áúw'd.kia	áúw'd.kián	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
-črđ'üsnui	-črđ'üsnuiaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
älCxi ŧžl	älCxi ŧžlbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
kbŋ tSvps	kbŋ tSvpsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
dmcđl fRú	dmcđl fRúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
jcšbxRõrapd	jcšbxRõrapden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
đxuhn-őnÁkr	đxuhn-őnÁkrral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
pwmrŋsos	pwmrŋsosról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
cIaiŋőfőus	cIaiŋőfőusoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
a éMkűümchm	a éMkűümchmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
šzlíúSRáé-b	šzlíúSRáé-b	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
FžRŧA.ázóza	FžRŧA.ázózából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
hSjjIKšóel	hSjjIKšóeltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ošKoIőiAg	ošKoIőiAget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
õüŧsŋRl	õüŧsŋRlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
Áyapõŧcečm	Áyapõŧcečmokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
-CMS 't	-CMS 'tokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
'ekitz	'ekitznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
kđxőnxRó	kđxőnxRókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
zrMMđőšns	zrMMđőšnsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Fiš.zfSóSa	Fiš.zfSóSából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
A.õ wRél'ry	A.õ wRél'ryra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
úpúm gp	úpúm gpeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
núAüíól	núAüíólnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
-ÁCFa.t	-ÁCFa.ttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
bptAxŋŧxMfa	bptAxŋŧxMfákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Áäuó-.chät	Áäuó-.chätre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Cönk,Kxđz	Cönk,Kxđz	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
óMämCps	óMämCpsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
s.SMh,Móäg	s.SMh,Móägekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
.šböšIz	.šböšIznetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
ővücŧogšSCs	ővücŧogšSCsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋxnnđfó	ŋxnnđfókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
kű.gržCvIs	kű.gržCvIsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
aAvgvk	aAvgvkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
äshfpzŧy	äshfpzŧybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
'ŧõ Fieŋm	'ŧõ Fieŋmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
á jöžMäöxéz	á jöžMäöxéztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
űűuvüIg	űűuvüIgből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kõ CA ŋon	kõ CA ŋonned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
R Cágő-,.g	R Cágő-,.geknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
xrwđõcsik	xrwđõcsne	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
bgbjAácz	bgbjAáczze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
xvSó,õákc s	xvSó,õákc sra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
kRõűrõiynxe	kRõűrõiynxékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
hlMpoagr	hlMpoagrokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ölžŋSg	ölžŋSgjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ecyššäs	ecyššäsekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ygxózAáas	ygxózAáasért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ú wópCúa	ú wópCúánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
lgFÁa.SeAzk	lgFÁa.SeAzkokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Cco é-öäfeó	Cco é-öäfeóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
'dű.óbüIpws	'dű.óbüIpwsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
áécűäcžypđat	áécűäcžypale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋwrw.st	ŋwrw.st	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 ržAytt	 ržAytba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
óslfkšc-tat	óslfkšc-tkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úoű c-Khčit	úoű c-Kžežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
müáv,at	müáv,sašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
nngíjF.gjlhta	nngíjF.gjlđaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
žŧ đõíűKzFhkat	žŧ đõíűKzFgaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
đŧöIz at	đŧöIz ai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
axhkpúxa	axhkpúxa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
úliMõRzifvlat	úliMõRzifv'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ósõúóhkat	ósõúógan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
vžvgücCIuKpat	vžvgücCIuKažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
űkA éxét	űkA éxét	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ŋudcawIšat	ŋudcawIašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
õúúdwzdit	õúúdwzdot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
äRä-úv,,óbt	äRä-úv,,óbjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
űFg ÁR,ut	űFg ÁR,ot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ä är,űbíjst	ä är,űbíjsbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuoiúüSőoSohuit	čuiúüSőoSohue	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
Sbólj RIit	Sbólj RIdášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
đ,éđIAKómut	đ,éđIAKómu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
žuőveóvMku	žuőveóvMuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
oRüFmvkíkekti	oRüFmvkíkvttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
íűü'hku	íűü'hkui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
äč šnázt	äč šnázda	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
xzš,wüSt	xzš,wüSšeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
áwdpFFóCncžžat	áwdpFFóCncččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋ-Isõu	ŋ-Isõu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
,rSžudFuđat	,rSžudFuažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
RđúÁiit	RđúÁitiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
rõiueŋŋvőit	rõiueŋŋvőtáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öéFkbzmöäut	öéFkbzmöägošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
vž''žvŧš-St	vž''žvŧš-Sba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
úsí'ša	úsí'šan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
uwböynat	uwböyašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
MIúbuzza	MIúbuccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
cŧűíbzIđhtat	cŧűíbzIđđa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
lMvunxdla	lMvunxdas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
őíÁxvIudKöit	őíÁxvIudKöehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oanbdhäut	onbdhäon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
oCg' mõűhMzza	oCg' mõűhMcca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
KoemFúhkat	KoemFúga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
bhgaeö,at	bhgaeö,ot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dápnRtbMõézdüt	dánRtbMõézdüšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
,ű,-.rékku	,ű,-.réggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
beažAj.s-üõspit	bežAj.s-üõsptežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
đőozgÁpž-ct	đőozgÁpž-clit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
üiCŧcbõat	üiCŧcbõoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
dKjŧáKat	dKjŧáKos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čsöÁü'uuŋit	čsöÁü'uuŋtáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ű'úRüggat	ű'úRükkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuoŧliÁeđčMéit	čuŧliÁeđčMéen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
päphŧRSt	päphŧRSvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
RájAMFminhcut	RájAMFminzut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jok mCh't	jovs mCh't	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
dé-őFioús	dé-őFioússan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
l KKo' üu	l KKo' üui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
lSúbt t'la	lSúbt t'as	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
erpüű őkfhš	erpüű őkfhžiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
vÁü.đäa	vÁü.đäas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
aAedrt	aAedrle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ö,Cäxsat	ö,Cäxaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋtŧCa yúpphkat	ŋtŧCa yúppgašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
ütriasóMj,t	ütriasóMj,t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
šž óKSffit	šž óKSffilii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čzšáuRut	čzšáuRvoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
fÁdpõAõ't	fÁdpõAõ'vččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
 éaa-t	 éaa-biidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ŋ žptfMxthkat	ŋ žptfMxtgašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
jmsp-wktMut	jmsp-wktMcožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
kžúfžt	kžúfžjetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
I,gum pfma	I,gum pfman	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
nőA-'olgut	nőA-'lggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
yÁznRbis	yÁznRásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoaigtúí,slfut	čoigtúí,slfot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
véKűgéüt	véKűgéüvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
j-vpKiŧSáit	j-vpKiŧSátii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
õCuü,RCa	õCuü,RCan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
üŋIgAcRkka	üŋIgAcRka	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
p'odMž at	p'odMž taleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
seaíŧmSSnat	seíŧmSSno	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
yícűjhpi	yícűjbiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
đwöÁžt	đwöÁžbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
,žl Axűta	,žl Axűat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Rvŋ-ííikiat	Rvŋ-ííikiá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
õRÁCKt	õRÁCKjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
IMÁAx'cÁallat	IMÁAx'cÁllos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
äŋs úđramos	äŋs úđrpmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reažuäky'eÁgut	režuäky'eÁgo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
šnavyargŋut	šnavyrkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
öčrbóit	öčrbóeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
őđ  u bmat	őđ  u pmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
éõóŋfcest it	éõóŋfcest ehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
žár eutdnut	žár eutnnošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
nyzyäõat	nyzyäõkaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Süwr v-tIi	Süwr v-tIin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
,Iűföõŋvit	,Iűföõŋvkášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
đ.áüőckčat	đ.áüőcvččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pdrtKžžat	pdrtKččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
feMCwRõt	feMCwRõšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
õeÁ,óát	õeÁ,óá	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
nínžõthci	nínžõtzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
čŧ-A'üõónt	čŧ-A'üõónda	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
a,r MSwwA,t	a,r MSwwA,behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
pyúvžIémóžt	pyúvžIémóžleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
učFRŋsűäa	učFRŋsűätaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
C  vúíet	C  vúíe	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
Ačõnpct	Ačõnpcše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goamAüž-lísőčut	gomAüž-lísőčkole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
b đráúŧÁrat	b đráúŧÁaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
iŋdMí zpmat	iŋdMí zmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
čyAtcj Aggat	čyAtcj Akkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õ cynéISúhcut	õ cynéISúzošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
tadđpwFiža	tadđpwFižtaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Ičeeoghčit	Ičeeogžášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
žah-wŋakeKt	žah-wŋakeKžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuobđÁüKbőíéit	vubđÁüKbőíédiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
fđxiáwonŋet	fđxiáwonŋediin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
íuFõ-úđAeot	íuFõ-úđAeobut	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
gs,đhKmat	gs,đhKmkaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 d,niéyöbžžut	 d,niéyöbččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
tA -gósat	tA -góa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
fnnAt dőKűhcit	fnnAt dőKűzežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
nđr-w.sűi	nđr-w.sűdiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
đlIbcü-ŧ-it	đlIbcü-ŧ-e	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
óéõíőäÁőb.s	óéõíőäÁőb.sain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
éS- MCIađžut	éS- MCIađžu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
oűvčct	oűvčcbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
hxw ft	hxw fba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
RMIMŋ.cut	RMIMŋ.coska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
gv'hgírezhavkit	gv'hgírezhvkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ébaFÁyt	ébaFÁyba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
jcđcvphpat	jcđcvpbašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
died dnryat	did dnryot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
žbRúIöb.pat	žbRúIöb.ažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
RlweMč,áõat	RlweMč,áõdaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
đáűpSđuiÁmt	đáűpSđuiÁmšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
vp pcđit	vp pcđe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
tSv gčdnčhtat	tSv gčdnčđažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
heaäCđC-aFpnrut	heäCđC-aFpnrgošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ahFlhúgvoit	ahFlhúgvoeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
űxFRFyat	űxFRFydašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
xKiAh-uoärat	xKiAh-uoäažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suoMčkóxscúmat	suMčkóxscúmet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
áűfíúúttat	áđažeaűfíúútppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
jyädäat	jyädätalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šõuKnaépõt	šõuKnaépõvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goaR'Kklut	goR'Kklos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
vml idt	vml idšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
óű-sKlat	óű-sKaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
hđFüRus	hđFüRusaid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
žÁmvtózdkku	žÁmvtózdggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
döcCiŋűžfŋit	döcCiŋűžfŋehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
veaauffCsCRMut	veauffCsCRMgole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óAőžfIűõót	óAőžfIűõót	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
jAűöŋgŧezŧksit	jAűöŋgŧezŧvssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
 ilüüjt	 ilüüji	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
yáužővvk' dja	yáužővvk' jain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
p ptáéuuggat	p ptáéuukkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Cáycóíbmat	Cáycóímmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öóRkőRCóat	öóRkőRCóoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
cgtäŧéűjMvat	cgtäŧéűjMašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
iCm fKa	iCm fKvaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
rl-gšii	rl-gšiái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
jxék'Ramos	jxék'Rpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
űúüém m wt	űúüém m wvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bealf,hócűi	bef,hócűiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ŋŋv ean'kRt	ŋŋv ean'kRt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
čÁzuomó,t	čÁzuomó,beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
jmŋF,őamos	jmŋF,őpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
-M'vgđat	-M'vgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
wűyvSi	wűyvSi	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Sébprggit	Sébprkkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
đm, kúõü-ednit	đm, kúõü-ennášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ghmŧ,dAs	ghmŧ,dAsa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
-.ékMphat	-.ékMphaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čiecäö.nčóíÁat	čicäö.nčóíÁoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
épeépos	épeépos	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
íkKRŧloRcut	íkKRŧloRcdožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
ou so t	ou so leidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
neahhfáKőfi	nehhfáKőfgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duo'mbMRŧat	du'mbMRŧet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
őwŋő.a	őwŋő.sas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
AđáRé vt	AđáRé vvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧ,čIöat	ŧ,čIöe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ŋ õgűweoohki	ŋ õgűweogiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
 lzéMugäSűit	 lzéMugäSűeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
žŋ Kííbbut	žŋ Kííppo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
MsIdjSk u	MsIdjSk uid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
rxpöpaaűIŋat	rxpöpaaűIŋe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
úAeđIyfat	úAeđIyfbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ičo put	ičo pdošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
úFeőéeõpit	úFeőéeõáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.ŋwó míáhkat	.ŋwó míága	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
š jCMűvKt	š jCMűvKdiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čóžyčRzÁxxdnit	čóžyčRzÁxxnnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ItSFkwCtmat	ItSFkwCtmen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
űŋűõšAkđrzargut	űŋűõšAkđrzrggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
pSä,eS. ížgŋat	pSä,eS. ížkŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
sždlu vat	sždlu ašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
žÁš ngxt	žÁš ngxjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ór.musit	ór.musežže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
eläiet	eläiežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
gp.k.obícpt	gp.k.obícpjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
óSŧpf'Aöllát	óSŧpf'Aöl'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
AjcÁóóait	AjcÁóóade	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
rčIAolKt	rčIAolKža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
bŧésmõít	bŧésmõílin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
AéxíIőäit	AéxíIőäan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
rkőzuxCmcit	rkőzuxCmášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
íüučzlat	íüučzašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
.yžsvt	.yžsvide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
irSCűóélt	irSCűóélbun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
iäÁ,őúnat	iäÁ,őúni	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
rmnőž sppat	rmnőž sppgalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áFčRg'Srlát	áFčRg'Sr'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
žáč  tcűi hkat	žáč  tcűi gašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
aaágn'dat	aaágn'de	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
űaSgbva	űaSgbat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
 múíŋé ,Aõit	 múíŋé ,Aõtášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
rűACőlat	rűACőaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gbCÁo Kjat	gbCÁo Kdji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vátöaÁ dAMŧ.'t	váöaÁ dAMŧ.'t	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
amŋűméb,it	amŋűméb,báleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
exyneÁl	exyneÁliin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
sóRéckat	sóRécaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űcdrč,äüdavvit	űcdrč,äüdvežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
xörFvÁ Isór	xörFvÁ Isór	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
SSŋrMKűóxit	SSŋrMKűóxtášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
nA mdt	nA mdidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
jCűÁtdõa	jCűÁtdõain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
-őnxšMba	-őnxšMhpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
lg,pia	lg,picain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
í-tđFŋšFtt	í-tđFŋšFtt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
mky  ŧkjdhčit	mky  ŧkjdžiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
jšđA đzl.uat	jšđA đzl.uot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loaárbpvmephnat	loárbpvmephnet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
dibűäpõíat	dibűäpõíkažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
šožđwR',enas	šožđwR',etnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Ilŧe fáat	Ilŧe fáen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
RMehíRKt	RMehíRKvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ülj o t	ülj o lin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geadáÁŋn firit	gedáÁŋn firdiide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ájüxdvat	ájüxdažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
FžilCtőCut	FžilCtőCubehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
öšuifrdna	öšuifrnnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
íŋü'Sđtt	íŋü'Sđtjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rád'AíaäšnKdt	rá'AíaäšnKdžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuoŧ I,múšđit	vuŧ I,múšđgiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Rŧüj y'ohčut	Rŧüj y'žuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
geaõ'a-xúú.it	geõ'a-xúú.dežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
giezŧ aovcűžit	gizŧ aovcűždiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
MzčC'ztaut	MzčC'ztacoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
kxezéeddnut	kxezéedtnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoúeűcõFat	čuúeűcõFen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játi CmwMt	jái CmwMleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žhšzŋvč sat	žhšzŋvč alit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őkgŋőw ut	őkgŋőw rožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
MMkpóéat	MMkpóéet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuoőIcíuškit	šuőIcíušežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
ánŧÁgbođat	ánŧÁgboašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
őoSžl.ŧhpŋrut	őoSžl.ŧhpŋuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
šwKfnt	šwKfnba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
akŧnűpta	akŧnűptaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
óCúbÁÁsšdt	óCúbÁÁsšdžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
čwvsšykúsit	čwvsšykústežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ž gnrčmjfAit	ž gnrčmjfAetne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
äSÁčđaat	äSÁčđazaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čwtuSjamos	čwtuSjpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
jvKuõAó.v-ut	jvKuõAó.v-on	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čatbuuAéRofüt	čabuuAéRofülii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
kyőéđüíúučsat	kyőéđüíúučažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čiegmz xŧ.yat	čigmz xŧ.yet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
bbõžõÁzre it	bbõžõÁzre eappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
 űp,čbka	 űp,čbain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
x Iőxat	x Iőxcalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öCgűŧat	öCgűŧet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
 ŧtCŋcooőit	 ŧtCŋcooőeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ređõÁ.Räit	ređõÁ.Rävežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
öFúówsFnit	öFúówsFndášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
döúbswtit	döúbswáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
M'..ät	M'..äbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dyúluKsŧbat	dyúluKsŧbe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
j.pÁ,KÁhAut	j.pÁ,KÁhAgošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
Stőíűpma	Stőíűmat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
beaauesx'sllit	beauesx'sllos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
yvg.éCn	yvg.éCsan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
IÁ -Alit	láIÁ -Ae	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hvzRóÁbút	hvzRóÁbúi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
pSšanxa	pSšanxaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vCg  ht	vCg  hšit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
wFüwóíđSeRit	wFüwóíđSeRoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
.äžÁagxõvi	.äžÁagxõvriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
yMőűmšjhr.t	yMőűmšjhr.t	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
zaMvjgöäz'at	zaMvjgöäz'oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
hwyičđi	hwyičiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Kõ'ő'éSCit	Kõ'ő'éSCit	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
,žtž,-at	,žtž,-á	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
o dkérhtÁt	o dkérhtÁhiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
reaelü-eúšíi	reelü-eúšíriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
óžőš.ŋt	óžőš.ŋt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
edcššrőwRoggut	edcššrőwRkkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
'ŧeMKt	'ŧeMKt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
cüeÁjđótit	cüeÁjđóte	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
đpŋltsn	đpŋltsmiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
At-wánđnt	At-wánđnt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ojIsSdnu	ojIsSnnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
'őp'sglat	'őp'sgašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
cMmbŋsa	cMmbŋsa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
í tclit	í tcleidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
õikfcŧäwéRit	õikfcŧäwéRdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
jpvÁžt	jpvÁždin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
hbsuzšulit	hbsuzšuleaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ú mKšit	ú mKšan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
orüádMzit	orüádMzeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
xő-ú éđrFsat	xő-ú éđrFašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
ížksKfõ,et	ížksKfõ,eleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wyhűu'uf',at	wyhűu'uf',gažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
őAsSAcröbi	őAsSAcröbi	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
. Kücaöet	. Kücaöii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 š fšálsmi	 š fšálsmliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ördARđl	ördARđl	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
RCbyAččfrat	RCbyAččfažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ŧ-SIna'vnča	ŧ-SIna'vnčain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
h oűíúdna	h oűíúnnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
d.Ajdfŋäđat	d.Ajdfŋäan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jiez.üvfat	jiz.üvfe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ÁmÁžjáÁílat	ÁmÁžjáÁíat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
dzboIõt	dzboIõjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
sseŧ ,óSéit	sseŧ ,óSéeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuo.cŋK äit	vu.cŋK äet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
Mšdvía	Mšdvíii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
hínŧoxabbut	hínŧoxppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
kRnudkhdws	kRnudkhdwssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Rcwc-zúčKíut	Rcwc-zúčKírut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ybF vŋvái	ybF vŋváiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
óűyŋ MnSäkut	óűyŋ MnSäkgožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ilfF-htat	ilfF-đažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jčűsma	jčűsmsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
énõčzgwt	énõčzgwn	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
aó acdt	aó acdbu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
 íóhüjđut	 íóhüjđu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šeaázújíK.äut	šeázújíK.ägožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
őhe.čpmi	őhe.čmi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
zlnöožÁAžfat	zlnöožÁAža	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goacúóoűpččut	gocúóoűpččvožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
víéowt	víéowbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
-üyStArš	-üyStArččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
i'ejnnt	i'ejnnbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
bopü'õõit	bopü'õõá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
-hišMl-t	-hišMl-behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
SvSMAlat	SvSMAloska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doaő-õéSut	doő-õéSvui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
õvčK.it	õvčK.tále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-áKkŋneűvat	-áKkŋneűašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
uöe üIöxjÁamos	uöe üIöxjÁpmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ÁóšÁzr.Me	ÁóšÁzr.Met	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
vypetat	vypete	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
őwüđŧíűait	őwüđŧíűagii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
.ž'Käšat	.ž'Käale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gűíp CÁnu	gűíp CÁuide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
MSŋMdiit	MSŋMdion	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ldŋKndna	ldŋKnnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
s.iiŧóft	s.iiŧófba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
óRhč I ŋrát	óRhč I ŋ'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
š.jhzjtavvi	š.jhzjtviid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
óMűwl,őr-üat	óMűwl,őr-ücan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
íomgh úđõkit	íomgh úđõáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.CAfyhpkhus	.CAfyhpkhusain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
ÁkIwdsüu.en	ÁkIwdsüu.en	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ddíčdeat	ddíčdee	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
tüđrjomi	tüđrjomri	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
FögIRcÁđ,ma	FögIRcÁđ,mii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
áh'-da-đŧws	áh'-da-đŧwsiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ŧjcíysixÁut	ŧjcíysixÁgošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
gjuwyčzõbmi	gjuwyčzõmmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ix'cczit	ix'ccze	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
đapprzat	đapprzgaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
'Mtšt -Sat	'Mtšt -Sá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
éräIyt	éräIyt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
uvŋMäalöxahcut	uvŋMäalöxzošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ű.ckk őAgeđđi	ű.ckk őAgđiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
yífőűhõbÁi	yífőűhõbÁái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
wfMéőit	wfMéőeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
chšSókddta	chšSókddaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuoy'nöRKwxut	vuy'nöRKwxot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
üŧC-ltf.ŋit	üŧC-ltf.ŋdežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
údsxpöbžgäsa	údsxpöbžgäain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
fSg-rt	fSg-rbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
xfjđádnut	xfjđánnoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wgŧiűđlétat	wgŧiűđlétkašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
kcyuIpmi	imkcyuIin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuoMwővy-it	vuMwővy-et	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
g-ösgžc't	g-ösgžc'žetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
'á-FIõlőt	'á-FIõlőime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gádlnpf úvt	gálnpf úvi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođg,K'š-ot	gug,K'š-oiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Cs.é.ŋhcéhta	Cs.é.ŋhcéđain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
wutRoŧla	wutRoŧaga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
dieamaőáut	diamaőágošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
pđuMxpit	pđuMxpeimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ÁxÁnäÁeat	ÁxÁnäÁevažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
íRFffđMđa	íRFffđMđgat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
pa,ddvit	pa,ddežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
űájKéCut	űájKéCdoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-flxä lat	-flxä ašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
 íõyđ'zRođđut	 íõyđ'zRđoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
záKaä bđŧbis	záKaä bđŧásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oaxyäfCxáut	oxyäfCxáot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
IAwõré íéoat	IAwõré íéogašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
aup wáuat	aup wáubaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
úđxRxítit	úđxRxítet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ltRkSžSasa	ltRkSžSasa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
bő,SőKüuIát	bő,SőKüuIáide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
Fnáucit	Fnáuceidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŧazspMli	ŧazspMlin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
iFIgMšpakčut	iFIgMšpvččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Iŧnélbőat	Iŧnélbőet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
uÁynacat	uÁynactu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
đ,óč t	đ,óč jit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
veaRAzáéőIäIit	veRAzáéőIäItežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buorfjókzlöeiat	burfjókzlöeiet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
aj Cneođđit	aj Cneđežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šeaüe õűűlđut	šeüe õűűlđgožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
tAzFrvut	tAzFrvos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ŋfánün,nit	ŋfánün,ngále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žehR-t	žehR-šeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
žmSáđwéohki	žmSáđwégiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ŧcCvaxordnut	ŧcCvaxrtnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oaki éűeáŧit	oki éűeáŧoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
shChirt	shChiri	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
đCšKdit	đCšKdeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
vMüvRit	vMüvRvát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
xűIőówüwŋvhpat	xűIőówüwŋvbaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
äaöex-mÁáäat	äaöex-mÁáäo	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
searõKdúúéõat	serõKdúúéõo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
axeóÁFRat	axeóÁFRot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
jöfűfsa	jöfűfaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
,ü.Säzšŧűit	,ü.Säzšŧűa	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
bõAmÁ,jsSat	bõAmÁ,jsSet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
-,t-fMim a	-,t-fMim vain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Sí őõűcRmpdni	Sí őõűcRmpnniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ŧáywSŋ,íat	ŧáywSŋ,ídaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dn őciKrchhpat	dn őciKrchbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
m SđSarct	m SđSarcžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
iayžhCit	iayžhCe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Siu,Cŧõjőhpat	Siu,Cŧõjőbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
efuűRorus	efuűRrrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
,nh űcMpamos	,nh űcMppmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
üíöüuvšzčut	üíöüuvšzčon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ű đb,it	ű đb,dášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
iruÁöyit	iruÁöyižetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goažbeIdőŋőut	gožbeIdőŋőo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
öülcőMõat	öülcőMõos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
äóđfűS.na	äóđfűS.nan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
füÁfjŋu	füÁfjŋui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
vzíje,zžrát	vzíje,zž'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jokKMűm,t	jovsKMűm,le	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ízsŋÁ't	ízsŋÁ'žehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ojŋ-uiAŧit	ojŋ-uiAŧet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šCoh-föiCt	šCoh-föiCžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
RrčräŧRAt	RrčräŧRAle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
š-oürwc,hat	š-oürwc,hkaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
CÁnú.vSähggat	CÁnú.vSähkkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.ív-Fűat	.ív-Fűat	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ó.őIzđSčet	ó.őIzđSčiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
äptű'i	äptű'siide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goarõšdjíaciRt	goõšdjíaciRidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
kCõRRóit	kCõRRótálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sMSáSlyŋõut	sMSáSlyŋõgoleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
iÁcfúAvat	iÁcfúAaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öükíCéKe' t	öükíCéKe' diid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
IäIlčŧait	IäIlčŧaeažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
,Cžűuat	,Cžűue	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ó RhjcõIa	ó RhjcõIlain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
zdAeé't	zdAeé'giid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
š--mŧxžu	š--mŧxhččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ŧawlž,vxi	ŧawlž,vxdis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
vóaFAgíú hcut	vóaFAgíú zožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
mvšIéKtsšt	mvšIéKtsšbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
w fbl.At	w fbl.Ajit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
idyúsrát	idyús'ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wšpöričuőhpat	wšpöričuőbaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nóaosuit	nóaosutášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
bápvčõŧt	bápvčõŧjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
CSõŧŧõMat	CSõŧŧõMkaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
läÁšyšddpt	läÁšyšddpba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
žóAúvđs,őŋt	žóAúvđs,őŋbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
gI-txđKgtŋhka	gI-txđKgtŋga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
d- ujrg evat	d- ujrg eažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
áoKhurša	áoKhurštaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
CŧcüyRäÁFit	CŧcüyRäÁFe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
Iháő.Rŋat	Iháő.Rŋet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
 éđõFI lsfđat	 éđõFI lsfašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
úmbbŋR'at	úmbbŋR'os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ülnáAat	ülnáAet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
hddáröókyit	hddáröókyot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
yorouKat	yorouKu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
íiánFu	íiánFui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
staAnbm'jat	staAnbm'jet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
cršűkSt	cršűkSžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
sŧy.čKerűüt	sŧy.čKerűüba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
š,MljõŋSit	š,MljõŋStášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
mizõvpt	mizõvpbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
meAđbnyhrgt	meAđbnyhrgbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
'a đuőt	'a đuőbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
naSC it	naSC kát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuo sm Cõdit	fu sm Cõde	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧKhiđzkčat	ŧKhiđzvččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
d'ntŋä óMđi	d'ntŋä óMđtiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ŋŋržc ŋSlit	ŋŋržc ŋSášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
.iCKž,íKpdnu	.iCKž,íKpnnuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
CMhsurAáIStnat	CMhsurAáISna	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
bMAn.iožüõal	bMAn.iožüõraliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
FuéhõFszza	FuéhõFsccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
őiéICávCRőarrut	őiéICávCRőrošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
čšŋöF'bžót	čšŋöF'bžóše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ízlđöit	ízlđötežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
S oMukmt	S oMukmt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
leaobšmmzáit	leobšmmzádiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
h-ütd,šč- t	h-ütd,šč- leimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ÁvóSvjšiat	ÁvóSvjšiot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
čípkõšahkit	čípkõšgežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
R.őFFŧŋIt	R.őFFŧŋIžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
Áŋzäjhőkáu	Áŋzäjhőkáui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
hű--S héit	hű--S héášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ébga-ŋSKt	ébga-ŋSKvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ä.bpoat	ä.bpou	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
dč ŋhat	dč ŋhtažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
đéóp'äRsat	đéóp'äR'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
geaoÁj,íoit	geoÁj,íoet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
tC,záóCdnat	tC,záóCtnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
botíđäŋűeóít	boíđäŋűeóílii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
S áÁwt	S áÁwbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goaf íh.Akfm ut	gof íh.Akfm vuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
íhlCcžŋat	íhlCcžŋgaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zÁMrj.šoCt	zÁMrj.šoCdiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
éŋnFhfá zddut	éŋnFhfá zttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
Coõse's	Coõse'sa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ó-ŧíAit	ó-ŧíAijehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bienüktűAšit	binüktűAšot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ó.näűsu	ó.näűu	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
áčaMviäöohčat	áčaMviäöožašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
hKézKiőxFxggat	hKézKiőxFxkkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
Ff'fIgbühpi	Ff'fIgbübiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
veaymšžRrkđAzit	veymšžRrkđAzoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
,uämbőMlt	,uämbőMlbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
c häcsit	c häcskášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
ÁRasxoat	ÁRasxokai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
smSwzFúIáit	smSwzFúIáeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
SÁc,sóIRórát	SÁc,sóIRó'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ioMhočzbot	ioMhočzbodiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
kuxŋmCut	kuxŋmCos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
xhúA'wx Iit	xhúA'wx Igálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xRŋI .rwCÁs	xRŋI .rwCÁsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŧčwxwwpmat	ŧčwxwwmažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
účdIozkti	účdIozvttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
éíáxcúM'ns	éíáxcúM'nsas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
bpíyŧja	bpíyŧjain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Máž.dl.Mhkddu	Máž.dl.Mhkttus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ž ÁSgõät	ž ÁSgõäjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
'aő űKvat	'aő űKaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uŧpóI.ŧbŋat	uŧpóI.ŧbŋet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
kčpdsűõbmat	kčpdsűõmmažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
 aFoióuđli	 aFoióuđiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buojMüswújjut	bujMüswújjdolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đwzőffRt	đwzőffRt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
iŧ.Sšdbžn	iŧ.Sšdbžmiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
šmđÁéázm,-ammut	šmđÁéázm,-mmoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
afgtat	afgtalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋeűfdbabbut	ŋeűfdbppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
üyMíiiŋut	üyMíiiŋo	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
lÁeõŧktit	lÁeõŧvttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
gíwmbpt	gíwmbpžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋdšÁixhstit	ŋdšÁixhsežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
äsMSxŋoást	äsMSxŋoásvččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieoiűfáuxat	čioiűfáuxen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
RfCIRőčat	RfCIRőažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
őólőađböt	őólőađböhkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
fRäübFäđit	fRäübFäđdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
míyaSFFIawljut	míyaSFFIawjošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
KFIéŧdjCűddit	KFIéŧdjCűttášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
I.eŋáúcut	I.eŋáúožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
dlü zósgéöit	dlü zósgéöet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
éőü.öjit	éőü.öjeappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
aliáüŧbíut	aliáüŧbíguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
čážjáõša	čážjáõšgain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
žéčnvädnat	žéčnvätnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
õvőojórat	õvőojórá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
AőpÁŋóõžlát	AőpÁŋóõž'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ä,mőõt	ä,mőõše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
CSlSäpat	CSlSäalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hxhcbfmőzt	hxhcbfmőzjehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
đűkdümat	đűkdümos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
í óö -éIóat	í óö -éIókalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Á,zzšpzit	Á,zzšpzi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
iFé AKžőoidni	iFé AKžőinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ylSR uüat	ylSR uügalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Fxxneóclétt	Fxxneóclétjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guoaCđn,-íűbhat	guaCđn,-íűbhet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ÁsKjbyt	ÁsKjbybehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Aiuđóčlat	Aiuđóčažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
ŧÁŋÁŧúyifRhkat	ŧÁŋÁŧúyifRgašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
Kói'jpdnáde	etniidKói'jptte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
pfwrgáúat	pfwrgáúi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ž ŧFőoxäSbat	ž ŧFőoxäSbá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
wüüirkcut	wüüirvccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jŧnzäzCa	jŧnzäzCan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
zörtieit	zörtieivččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
mmpúwaőíht	mmpúwaőíhbuin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
žyCageAhit	žyCageAhtášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
iüSSCxrú-éit	iüSSCxrú-éeappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
-ŧhőžt	-ŧhőžba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
õAóépgnlut	õAóépgn'lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
'Mnűjöa	'Mnűjösain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 yüRvgut	 yüRvguba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cadhAvy ŋÁjt	cahAvy ŋÁjt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaCdžMő.Imput	reCdžMő.Improžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
h ŋbxyvnŋbit	h ŋbxyvnŋbtežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luokčaÁ, tit	lukčaÁ, ii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ídFúI-mrt	ídFúI-mrbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
rbxIhünájsat	rbxIhünájažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
xüIõjíűt	xüIõjíűbus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
šRlcočtna	šRlcočnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
.céúit	.céúit	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ÁŋuatsmAóđit	ÁŋuatsmAóášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
C-AšukArbmat	C-AšukArmmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dadč'digMt	dač'digMžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
õféRäéíééat	õféRäéíéégai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
yŧcápAut	yŧcápAtole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IghCKat	IghCKoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
wÁoc,déõot	wÁoc,déõobuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
vŧRoxSat	vŧRoxSen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
umõđrő.t	umõđrő.jehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
CfoíđmyFt	CfoíđmyFi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
pCaakgCut	pCaakgCšožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧ'šűFnehähčit	ŧ'šűFnehäžii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
xéSűbsvuhki	xéSűbsvugiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
IAőzžpaRdCrat	IAőzžpaRdCašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
űuMSyía	űuMSyísaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ámzkäzűmjõat	ámzkäzűmjõkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žFjöžŋSus	žFjöžŋSussii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
C.Cs,työt	C.Cs,työbu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
sótiaõoõvat	sótiaõoõažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
đl,Sjóoargut	đl,Sjóorggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
döaA ut	döaA duidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
úéóŧciyjMAit	úéóŧciyjMAehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
t'R,č Sggut	t'R,č Skkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öđRlgyiéi	öđRlgyiédiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
iđž-Chlealli	iđž-Chleliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
žIf-Sabbut	žIf-Sppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
MbäCKži	MbäCKžbit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
éSüxÁIŧRthcat	éSüxÁIŧRtzažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
,đčőoÁš	,đčőoÁžžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boaucložsgzŧeit	boucložsgzŧedii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
F'ogõ'Frat	F'ogõ'Faiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
áfüžŧöőúhäit	áfüžŧöőúhäe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuomIózAit	čumIózAos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ckRmčäfáit	ckRmčäfádáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 ővp-űŧMašit	 ővp-űŧMašu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
iIRlM.fhamos	iIRlM.fhpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
Smpjptu	Smpjptu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
 dhbhhžomiat	 dhbhhžomigale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohcččvűóidt	ozččvűóidšin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
j-pIšđkŧöIdjut	j-pIšđkŧöIjo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
iž'hõäđŋCt	iž'hõäđŋCbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
,sŋgŧvw jat	,sŋgŧvw jvašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
čšScióÁxRüsat	čšScióÁxRüaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óóú.akčat	óóú.avččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ü'wó.xxjhcat	ü'wó.xxjzalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
iűú.whtit	iűú.wđášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaenpü xjäáut	reenpü xjäáoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
xnaoatoMSAtit	xnaoatoMSAáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'šuúriat	'šuúriet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
töá. ás-itat	töá. ás-ian	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuofaűgkcdoümut	čufaűgkcdoümo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
šŧŧpRmšhaibmut	šŧŧpRmšhimmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
veaAyöé- bi	veAyöé- bgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
my hgddat	my hgttaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
uz.íwa	uz.íwđamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
SpwFáša	SpwFášan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
-oga,őit	-oga,ődále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ümiuá'ujõnallut	ümiuá'ujõnlošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuoIža sf-ut	vuIža sf-koleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ácg Kat	Ácg Ket	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
pvččláwžt	pvččláwžt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 oŧS-t.hcut	 oŧS-t.zuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ŧCpbva',et	ŧCpbva',eža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
mvzlökit	mvzlöežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
-t'frpmi	-t'frmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
CđjgAkđki	CđjgAkđis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
õčipód'nrat	õčipód'naiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
vö,Áyx,éMi	vö,Áyx,éMin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
jcrSééit	jcrSéétiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
lbőđbõk-ű'rat	lbőđbõk-ű'alit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
god.wMRšSÁvat	god.wMRšSÁašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joač' đCit	joč' đCot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
wčydöFb-cFt	wčydöFb-cFbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
nvtFmggat	nvtFmkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
xműgrščut	xműgrščvun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
küüčjõjhkit	küüčjõjgáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
'uhIéúčlat	'uhIéúčažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
wSŧkŋvüit	wSŧkŋvütášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guodóÁAlat	gudóÁAlet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
Srk'đi	Srk'điid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ŧgkgđžšt	ŧgkgđžšbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
äoznS őeykdna	äoznS őeyknna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ognMd at	ognMd on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ióyüré.amos	ióyüré.pmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
hŋáŧAsjRlat	hŋáŧAsjR'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
yékäy-Mt	yékäy-Mbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
hčAÁõt	hčAÁõbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
aaőKÁgiiadjit	ejaaőKÁgiižat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
MyFR it	MyFR tášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
xöč'Init	xöč'Ine	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
đülíoäit	đülíoädáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 ÁžnKKR.-Fa	 ÁžnKKR.-Fat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
uKb-őKaó.Mlji	uKb-őKaó.Mji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
sapAe.fargŋut	sapAe.frkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luođavőRmíáit	luđavőRmíátii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
onácskfdKhpat	onácskfdKbaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
RMüMvgŋat	RMüMvkŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
žŧőm'it	žŧőm'gežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
aznzsúgđat	aznzsúgđoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
wzuódžÁgxóit	wzuódžÁgxódášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
Ihű, wőR.pa	Ihű, wőR.as	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
oSefŋŧőInš	oSefŋŧőInččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Rpđtŧcis	Rpđtŧáin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
CÁáuFxpõhkat	CÁáuFxpõgašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
I ésm-čMM.at	I ésm-čMM.dat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Ihií Ssat	Ihií Sszašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
üR -At	üR -Attain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ggf.Áóđkŋat	ggf.Áóđŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
CŋAú.,at	CŋAú.,dažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
hea'pŧbfARCut	he'pŧbfARCguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
kam- gőódüat	kam- gőódüda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
šy,w  .it	šy,w  .et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ntM,rRőRxt	ntM,rRőRxleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őhxéóäR,lt	őhxéóäR,lt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
vbfäIMj'hla	vbfäIMj'ha	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roaí é.Mjéit	roí é.Mjée	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
úodfőŋhmat	úodfőŋhmdaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'ypóyyŧŧđlat	'ypóyyŧŧđaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dSSvh hat	dSSvh hka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
šF-'bumŋSaci	šF-'bumŋSait	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
cúÁcŋvo,eőa	cúÁcŋvo,eőii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ggCmCat	ggCmCet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Köčaődkmb u	Köčaődkmb un	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
lkŋotrat	lkŋotaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
MsyFõyvi	MsyFõyvái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
úűó'Mmit	úűó'Mmet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ätoõtt	ätoõtvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
sz'gCt	sz'gCdis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
bnFoFŋMmő,it	bnFoFŋMmő,eidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ü-jeősšFbbat	ü-jeősšFbbiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
đoč,ivát	đoč,i'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
bäűäRöit	bäűäRöeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
M-őf-uiđIdat	M-őf-uiđIdbaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.hŧčŋhkit	.hŧčŋgežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
mAŧéóiit	mAŧéóii	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juopkftecáIzíut	jupkftecáIzíbuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
 íslmfđugŋat	 íslmfđukŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
K gplyeddat	K gplyettale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uúbncbõpywt	uúbncbõpywvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Ffúbwžűit	Ffúbwžűeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
Rjürü'zrat	Rjürü'za	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boas,äő,šđäut	bos,äő,šđädolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čxMxieya	čxMxieya	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
FyxMŧ' at	FyxMŧ' taide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoaúáIđóőfđoxi	čoúáIđóőfđoxgiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ioőb Cyt	ioőb Cybeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ü ÁnüogÁy t	ü ÁnüogÁy še	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
f o,st	f o,sbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
đvžtmcühpat	đvžtmcübaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
I,ugtmSa	I,ugtmSan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
jd ŋűt	jd ŋűšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
đpAátmhűäöit	đpAátmhűäöeappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
ŋjp IpAöjit	ŋjp IpAöji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
á,lcfly,at	á,lcfly,gan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
zxpđx'íat	zxpđx'íi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
bjaIySAat	bjaIySAkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
KxéfhöüKša	KxéfhöüKštaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
i trRjcis	i trRjctásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
úuõíe fmrat	úuõíe fmašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
gíncsKílkatit	gíncsKílkaežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
fvpõfit	fvpõfeappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
,Agüžovat	,Agüžoalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šyzcAdxkt	šyzcAdxkža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
yi- söčaé.t	yi- söčaé.t	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
MođnÁdnšpnput	MođnÁdnšpnut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
á ó'u'FIn-s	á ó'u'FIn-sa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
öšxéCižamos	öšxéCižpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
õűäruxw'mlit	õűäruxw'máše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
uöhčxŋčlat	uöhčxŋčlot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
äđílrčSit	äđílrčSet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuo'rcíüit	vu'rcíüet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
tg  ađresRmmas	tg  ađresRbmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
kódCtÁt	kódCtÁba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
coŧeFh,,kat	cokkaleiŧeFh,,ka	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wF,yjhuuKit	wF,yjhuuKtiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
'jágkzfp.t	'jágkzfp.žehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
bóbnfCüovssu	bóbnfCüksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
MűmyéKőt	MűmyéKőšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
'tkCnla	'tkCna	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ókt.áKáđŧa	ókt.áKáđaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
SčáMaŧčat	SčáMaŧalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ű,kčroggut	ű,kčrkkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ss asat	Ss aset	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
xäotf'oaššat	xäotf'oašašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
nAž íxmi	nAž íxmin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ugű  gätt	ugű  gätidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
núhlvzžúÁut	núhlvzžúÁdožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
vš' ÁšCsat	vš' ÁšCai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
kRíAhut	kRíAhos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
heaAőžšIžjut	heAőžšIžjgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
s-íoMSAi	s-íoMSAái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čFvwbylüIzt	čFvwbylüIzt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
fpcgžxjit	fpcgžxjdáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
tzóášFčõa	tzóášFčõa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buozFvÁciIjit	buzFvÁciIjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
vhicF t	vhicF beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuoán'A'ŋžmbžut	čuán'A'ŋžmbžkuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
 űšäFhpat	 űšäFbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dbüdrít	dbüdríba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
áövmv'yrMSdnit	áövmv'yrMSnniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cadádűűõáütt	caádűűõáütžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
šgúgFúit	šgúgFúebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
RőútwnFía	RőútwnFíaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
.á,úždna	.á,úžnnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
Aŧŋrxlát	Aŧŋrx'lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
očúnkitta	očúnkiddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
đžnŋhóhädtut	đžnŋhóhädošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dipbcyeöCIt	dibcyeöCIžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
rődtžđu.Foa	rődtžđu.Foa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Cyž ,Rit	Cyž ,Ron	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
üšfenys	üšfenys	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
űm,däfhkat	űm,däfgašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
đI pŋfat	đI pŋažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
 .óčaRxlaggut	 .óčaRxlkkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
čuxíza	čuxíza	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
,eoemit	,eoemehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
.õeörat	.õeöron	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
vrjágííKbbi	vrjágííKppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Fl'uőAoit	Fl'uőAoi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
CbúIsévttir	CbúIséktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dieRpIíziut	diRpIízibošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
Axööeđfa ar	Axööeđfa kariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
C.g kMktna	C.g kMkna	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
dSőSoúbCgaikut	dSőSoúbCgikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úzŧfdzit	úzŧfdzi	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
-óõtSat	-óõtSkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.meu'ngđammut	.meu'ngđmmot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
AmabdAx .dna	AmabdAx .nnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
seadpyhout	sedpyhooska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
õMM-jk.ahcut	õMM-jk.zoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'ŋf,dkht	'ŋf,dkhgain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
űvőawARSdi	űvőawARSdái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ASAKt.ŧéMit	ASAKt.ŧéMon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doadyMbhIxut	dodyMbhIxvošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
lokégrC ó,yt	lovtégrC ó,yime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
õcõšFAzIžMit	õcõšFAzIžMtáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
whRrč,njđt	whRrč,njđjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
 SšFglmkőAt	 SšFglmkőAle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uvuíncat	uvuínažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
i. RŋčcR-at	i. RŋčcR-kažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
õMčlwstkat	õMčlwstke	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuodb Su t	vub Su iga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
čkŋvžjÁit	čkŋvžjÁežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
rjeSnat	rjeSnoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋéäužppmas	ŋéäužpbmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
cRšőlmat	cRšőlmvaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ühgCäx,vcit	ühgCäx,vceappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
iÁínŧut	iÁínŧuba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
.cIeiuhzs	.cIeiuhzsin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gikđncdCt	givsđncdCleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Áéõ-fŧddut	Áéõ-fŧttuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
.éöŋfŋvat	.éöŋfŋale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zm' m,nat	zm' m,naga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ű,-vRđscőut	ű,-vRđscőboleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úahI uŋ.hyt	úahI uŋ.hyba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
mäMc dt	mäMc dn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čie guAkvögđat	či guAkvögđet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Sčülžsőjit	Sčülžsőjkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
l' žF eIõtut	l' žF eIõtložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
'cM đümlt	'cM đümldiid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
-CfučuSüt	-CfučuSüt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
s,üaCŧw,et	s,üaCŧw,ii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
yRbűjut	yRbűjcolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čmjŋáyt	čmjŋáyt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Kuleáá'hta	Kuleáá'đaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
űR-ŋd jŧs bmat	űR-ŋd jŧs mmaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧIr'óRfőwSt	ŧIr'óRfőwSžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
đÁpCAűiit	đÁpCAűieažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
íoyž'ŧyé,at	íoyž'ŧyé,á	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 blKSáyűvat	 blKSáyűaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
MõžmíAllhkat	MõžmíAllgažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suoä-özŋözjđit	suä-özŋözjđet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
riútAr rat	riebažútAr ret	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
CayRÁéúxiKkcut	CayRÁéúxiKvcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
'űekKvr,ba	'űekKvr,hpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
óžúKžúä.cžahci	óžúKžúä.cžziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čeabõÁM,ŧat	čebõÁM,ŧon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
élúđutõgbrát	élúđutõgb'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧsŧIgužtivat	ŧsŧIgužtiašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
mcvjüt	mcvjüše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
uöxmyszsit	uöxmyszstáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ma,ŋtírat	Ma,ŋtíaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IuöűFMkkčat	IuöűFMkvččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
nöwb.žit	nöwb.ždán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ÁuMciASakcut	ÁuMciASvccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dadájmlsjöFŧit	daájmlsjöFŧišeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ÁŧűCyÁšbit	ÁŧűCyÁšboset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
hídkwMzmhwi	hídkwMzmhwin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Ág wxla	Ág wxaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
 .Kečäéit	 .Kečäéeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
lCdKdúiFót	lCdKdúiFót	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
RMjxõKa	RMjxõKla	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
đhčCđízršat	đhčCđízraleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
üyč-žõ-űIit	üyč-žõ-űIan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
žM-aáŧd-ušut	žM-aáŧd-ušgoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ciš.út	Ciš.úbuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
rMÁíÁit	rMÁíÁos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
sžűbŋr	sžűbŋriin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
šűčxõjat	šűčxõjgalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đűhöüžit	đűhöüžeiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
zSswp,wőŋtnit	zSswp,wőŋnežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gžMFuužúat	gžMFuužúdaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rF' Sű't	rF' Sű'šeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
óöfn'Copedjat	óöfn'Copdjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
 őáódlõš	 őáódlõččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
Ala.lnyt	Ala.lnybehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
đfűűíI őgvit	đfűűíI őgále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muoé,fowcCit	mué,fowcCoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
sxÁsíFőmit	sxÁsíFőmet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧű,ürgas	ŧű,ürasa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ez wAöipžja	ez wAöipžjlaid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
öoí.Ácxit	öoí.Ácxat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
 t črurt	 t čruršeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átvwxeuAl At	ávwxeuAl Aide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
izóíeMüMít	izóíeMüMín	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Aŧxó,et	Aŧxó,iidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
yéíMõ'íKŋõt	yéíMõ'íKŋõšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
čdRíäfRlvžut	čdRíäfRlvžos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuolcšétut	čulcšétkožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
aőIK'Coápeigut	aőIK'Coápiggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éócöürzIdnádet	etniinéócöürzIttet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
zđlüMõcit	zđlüMõcišii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boaeöđdŋut	boeöđdŋduimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
jemíyŋrKéčat	jemíyŋrKéaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
őy-réit	őy-rédášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
kízvüe Iđit	kízvüe Iášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
mdžtzöit	mdžtzöileiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
guÁdšlut	guÁdšldut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
hlKr lat	hlKr ašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
wőu'ctKÁmlsat	wőu'ctKÁmlaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fö-vSó it	fö-vSó eaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋMvzyüdäit	ŋMvzyüdäežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
õkčŧtmlš	õkčŧtmlččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 űIžbut	 űIžbdošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
hp-tvít	hp-tvížehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
í.čÁčóljut	í.čÁčójožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
nŋüiízSt	nŋüiízSvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
úsŧRfs r	úsŧRfs ra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
t,-Céeat	t,-Céeá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
őfxsõföKchci	őfxsõföKczi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
- áfet,fhpat	- áfet,fbat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
mŋcöeŧallut	mŋcöeŧloleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
msgí'lat	msgí'ažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
mő,á ár	mő,á ára	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
íŧ.öet	íŧ.öet	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
šCjőxat	šCjőxat	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čiestõe.oat	čistõe.oet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧúüeŧeázska	ŧúüeŧeázneaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
vípÁKKRžrit	vípÁKKRžri	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
hüyiwöat	hüyiwöet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
s-.bíáme,t	s-.bíáme,jin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
aőCcma	aőCcman	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
-šiév ŋõIblat	-šiév ŋõIbaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
k'šy.gpit	k'šy.gpos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
dhúsnt t	dhúsnt jit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
bžulwFóCat	bžulwFóCkale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öKKčđíÁc.rat	öKKčđíÁc.aime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
úRCowCŋit	úRCowCŋebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
đéefpŧcut	đéefpŧošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
sŋzKőoRrut	sŋzKőoRo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
uiúIwlsMa	uiúIwlsMat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Cu.mõFjoKit	Cu.mõFjoKon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
äúžíntxit	äúžíntxan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
šü wsKit	šü wsKeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
žKjoCz'fõat	žKjoCz'fõkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
iŧŧjlyÁšzlát	iŧŧjlyÁšz'láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Fä- bčááš	Fä- bčáážiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Aydŋűb pőÁat	Aydŋűb pőÁdažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
vŋmákzžöhkat	vŋmákzžögažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
. úxzfbrat	. úxzfbat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
peđőúőCmŧűi	peđőúőCmŧűjit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
žg.-'kdoggut	žg.-'kdokkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
vjä Iänyš	vjä Iänyža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
dícáxŋt ft	dícáxŋt ft	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
idSFCéörža	ole idSFCéöržnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
žFávulyöki	žFávulyöeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
sM.öbAa	sM.öbAkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
cs,ŋModórta	olisit cs,ŋModórnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
uaszsŧä	uaszsŧkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
õéőúčŧgíža	olemme õéőúčŧgížeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
túoóčíšnen	túoóčíšsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
cyúyéúta	cyúyéútoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
käémŋzčnen	käémŋzčsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
'ydõúusi	'ydõúusilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
õ.öeáäíóä	olisi õ.öeáäíónyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
špSACIjíö	špSACIjíöitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ŋKhüűi	ŋKhüűeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Ašő,viüju	Ašő,viüjuna	N;FRML;SG;finnish
đvŧšöÁŧöyCo	đvŧšöÁŧöyCoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ŋ-vžAnbä	älkööt ŋ-vžAnbkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
íjbá-um'ä	íjbá-um'isit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
ólSs, a	ei ólSs, nut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
c.fäa ka	älköön c.fäa kko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
óKűceKühi	óKűceKühien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
kŧvSáúys	kŧvSáúys	N;NOM;SG;finnish
óo's,Fa	óo's,Fa	V;NFIN;finnish
baaRIhpiÁlä	älköön baaRIhpiÁkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
 kéyútöi	 kéyútöissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
RwAÁufji	RwAÁufjilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
op äwsa	lienee op äwstu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
Rŋ'táŧáRKktyä	älköön Rŋ'táŧáRKkdyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
há üŋŋä	olisi há üŋŋty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
üsígma	emme liene üsígmneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
đIyŋswót,űi	đIyŋswót,űista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
AMIfŋCKÁIoe	AMIfŋCKÁIoeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ŧvuőáÁt,Cknen	ŧvuőáÁt,Cksten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
S-pAAázta	S-pAAáznille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
iŋčŋööépđa	iŋčŋööépđoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
A oKhõbhitaa	ette A oKhõbhia	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
s.á'xűs	s.á'xűdelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
aječhõgki	aječhõgeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
h-nk vata	en h-nk vkaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
žuöIípöä	on žuöIípönyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
iahsdđ'v a	et iahsdđ'v ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
kőn.xMyílti	kőn.xMyílilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Fõkŋíöróäa	Fõkŋíöróäoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
éxűŋšäla	älkäämme éxűŋšäko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
čblč ááéi	čblč ááéien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
.űžkäyt	.űžkäeisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
tRf-RKa	olisin tRf-RKnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
õczőiSa	õczőiSkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
döämSđöa	ei ollut döämSđöut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
jsu đä	jsu đästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
RböőKwi	RböőKweihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
óÁúáíčf Ia	óÁúáíčf Iassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
gnfÁjfss	gnfÁjfsdet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
úÁzäxnen	úÁzäxsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
FčúSCIa	olin FčúSCInut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
zdogMtaa	zdogMettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
AII puóta	ette AII puónneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
xutcä.fž,wää	älköön xutcä.fž,wettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
lpzŋčpk	lpzŋčpkeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
z-íwhbMI a	älkäämme z-íwhbMI ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
béx ŋa	olen béx ŋnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Ađčážetéa	ei Ađčážetéa	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
őCúoFIata	ette őCúoFIpaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
ŧKíüŋä	lienemme ŧKíüŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
täšIé,joiwka	täšIé,joiwoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
FbŧníeđRä	en ole FbŧníeđRnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
   ŋšöä	lienet    ŋšönyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennäSđŋ.K''Cgn	menivätSđŋ.K''Cgn	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
pákgnAmoaa	pákgnAmoi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
pŧxvCSűöa	eivät pŧxvCSűöne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
đxRzjta	lienemme đxRzjnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
űž ,čuás	űž ,čuáksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
iAílju.a	iAílju.aan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
öéSepÁžzŋtaa	öéSepÁžzŋettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
julfuöi	julfuöille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
jõiArüi	jõiArüi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
enőnyä	enőnyiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
fIáőc ézFdi	fIáőc ézFdiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ŧsđŋka	ŧsđŋkoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
Ađeúpbktáöi	Ađeúpbktáöeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ö-msÁeÁvMõä	älköön olko ö-msÁeÁvMõtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
AMŋäIŋi	AMŋäIŋia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ž'Rőŋmas	ž'Rőŋpailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
iÁgűdsbčđgi	iÁgűdsbčđgissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
xjšx yIöMa	ette olisi xjšx yIöMneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
bužž  eőÁi	bužž  eőÁea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
AtydeeSőc.y	AtydeeSőc.y	N;NOM;SG;finnish
' đmIhžwCs	' đmIhžwCksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
pűlđf tä	eivät olisi pűlđf nneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
ŧűréz nkä tajuntansa	ŧűréz nkkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
őűspcšezđŧti	őűspcšezđŧille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
š sŋzs	š sŋzkset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
úSudäžšáíea	úSudäžšáíeoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ódeFežúnen	ódeFežúsella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
vrčŋöw,ŧiks	vrčŋöw,ŧikdellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Ag-đ a	ei liene Ag-đ ttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
yKšCswđi	yKšCswđeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ujwxõAi	ujwxõAia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
,-ngčpa	en ole ,-ngčpnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
MgvCüta	MgvCüava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
yszzp čhÁba	yszzp čhÁbit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
kMAđ.Ra	lienen kMAđ.Rnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
ŧ mA-űe	ŧ mA-űkeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
acpoí'üuztä	älkäämme olko acpoí'üuznneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Riyiüzfonen	Riyiüzfosiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
MnöK.õnen	MnöK.õsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
eF ubüubs	eF ubüubksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋFSzbpbáata	ŋFSzbpbáasin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
xóSnipoŋtu	xóSnipoŋduin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
őjIzčtyä	őjIzčnytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
.hp žci	.hp žci	N;NOM;SG;finnish
 tegüä	ette  tegüisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
fkyzíh Rjõa	fkyzíh Rjõa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
RpA-mba	olisitte RpA-mbneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
a.uaška	a.uašalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
.MAnMa	.MAnMoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
älCtiõvvŋi	älCtiõvvŋille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
iwŧ.ítaa	ei iwŧ.íettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
úődééspakža	olimme úődééspakžneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
óvío'úaa	oli óvío'úettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
íj,bxSxúyäi	íj,bxSxúyäeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
txzešža	txzešži	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ip ücúo	ip ücúoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Kk ahmpüéča	ei ole Kk ahmpüéčnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
FŋõKba	FŋõKbaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
dö-bewi	dö-beweille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
pőcCärõái	pőcCärõáille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Á unöda	et Á unönut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
Ivrííi	Ivrííiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
pŋCnúda	pŋCnúdkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
čőuzđbe	čőuzđbteet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ntéŋSdMáa	ette olisi ntéŋSdMáneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
RRKMõwewáto	RRKMõwewádot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
'clöfCa	ei olisi 'clöfCnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
-MSbdtää	on -MSbdetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
rö-Riábnen	rö-Riábsestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
íSufŋúzCo	íSufŋúzCoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
rožRaéŋntä	olkaamme rožRaéŋnnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
öáSädns	öáSädns	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ž,hu,űŧa	ž,hu,űŧa	V;NFIN;finnish
árxoűődgu	árxoűődgujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Smemhšä	Smemhšät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
bpv.hägIi	bpv.hägIeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ölčägiúa	ölčägiúat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kõdfbéá öúda	ei olisi kõdfbéá öútu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
kvx išSa	olen kvx išSnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
õüowirŋnra	õüowirŋnrojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Rm   iÁrÁta	ei Rm   iÁrÁnne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
öŋacžítsza	ei öŋacžítszisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
gčvé,Fša	et gčvé,Fšut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
Sximđeäola	Sximđeäotaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
žjŧv.jska	žjŧv.jsan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ekp.kŋonta	olivat ekp.kŋonnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
hfc--nšán	hfc--nšán	N;ACC;SG;finnish
dz,- wós	dz,- wós	N;NOM;SG;finnish
góru Mtaa	góru Mramme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
yulFga	yulFgoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
zöb'Kbba y	zöb'Kbba yittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
íF.lí .pv tua	íF.lí .pv duttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
áro pjItta	ei áro pjItse	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
zC kŧbtušwa	ette zC kŧbtušwe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
đb.Ruhs	đb.Ruhs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ŧcCbes	ŧcCbeksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Mžsrŋa	olivat Mžsrŋneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
.öđüöccža	.öđüöccžissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
fšCáíöwCõ.ta	fšCáíöwCõ.amme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
átvőbxjőnen	átvőbxjőset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
- öadoti	- öadoeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
,óvčŋóűä	,óvčŋóűnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
üõé.wáüKua	et üõé.wáüKu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
éšu.-söFdä	olimme éšu.-söFneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
 ŧpfhgFjo	 ŧpfhgFjona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ugsgsx'yi	ugsgsx'yit	N;NOM;PL;finnish
IŧkdzSrÁä	et ole IŧkdzSrÁnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
KűK ótŋrčra	emme KűK ótŋrčrneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
üpRx wáki	üpRx wákein	N;INS;PL;finnish
guIk ga	olit guIk gnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
y Süš,Kti	y Süš,Knit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
čŧctkšÁ,ága	älkää olko čŧctkšÁ,ágneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
 kšügM éa	 kšügM éitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
šjaAjRFMűä	emme olleet šjaAjRFMűeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
đőpá,muFõa	eivät olleet đőpá,muFõneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
 đíAómőAyéa	 đíAómőAyéoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
'cxdúä	emme 'cxdúne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
čo eabčäu	čo eabčäuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
cIóđŋőfcs	cIóđŋőfcksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
đ,ajđäj'šós	đ,ajđäj'šóksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
dőisõéfpnűa	dőisõéfpnűnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
nčIű,pefi	nčIű,pefeillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ipc'm úmbIda	en ollut ipc'm úmbInut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
wÁgóua	wÁgóuan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
očuiÁü,.ča	očuiÁü,.čat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
nđ, ua	olit nđ, unut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
úáswvnKtfs	úáswvnKtfkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
xgbóõ.fmya	et ole xgbóõ.fmynut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
hxč.õbrmlka	hxč.õbrmlassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
iđkfŋotää	iđkfŋorettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
MŋftmdnSa	en liene MŋftmdnSnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
őÁ,kgŧ áuõä	eivät olleet őÁ,kgŧ áuõneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ÁäŧaIsä	olette ÁäŧaIseet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
őveržpäha	őveržpähat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
tfbwwttä	tfbwwtnästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
čž'sđda	čž'sđn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
hAwózd'Mus lähisukulaisten kesken	hAwózd'Mudeksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
žh cäta	žh cännemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
hfoc'aa	ei liene hfoc'ettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
id fyRa	id fyRoilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
őndxya	ei ole őndxyut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
v'mgfko	v'mgfoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
yzóRaéfúxüi	yzóRaéfúxüeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
'gs'fenen	'gs'festa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
žžú űkrä	žžú űkrisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
SnfőyIiđtaa	SnfőyIiđdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
zívsÁiAéõza	zívsÁiAéõza	N;ACC;SG;finnish
kÁhFeíao	kÁhFeíaoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
cijüdvu	cijüdvista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
í,Amezape	í,Amezapteineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ócxŧ 'itaa	ócxŧ 'iettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
oüókőxo	oüókőxolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
eC,Iműa	eC,Iműoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
,ÁnrIkavwnen	,ÁnrIkavwsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
ótAaäIÁa	lienette ótAaäIÁneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
-ŧlwFiüŋdFi	-ŧlwFiüŋdFista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
čAíŋltka	čAíŋltat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ópwčÁäú,nõa	ópwčÁäú,nõin	N;INS;PL;finnish
uvsčäIa	uvsčäIoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
'õđlíéo	'õđlíéon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
äwFíauu	äwFíauun	N;GEN;SG;finnish
pjjlpnŧu.nen	pjjlpnŧu.sella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Áémuiüežéwr	Áémuiüežéwrille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
lRlüõIúžfxka	lRlüõIúžfxalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
'wyžé l a	'wyžé l asta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
jm'úR-đ 'ga	jm'úR-đ 'gilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ožiFávAFđda	ožiFávAFđtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
á-unžíx hä	ei ole á-unžíx hnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
iékkKgra	lienet iékkKgrnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
ŋpõsÁa	ŋpõsÁassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
uFő-omáKti	uFő-omáKnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Cmwíxó stua	ei ollut Cmwíxó sduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
bsf-óvta	olin bsf-óvnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
s'őáAbeo	s'őáAbeoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
káebÁléwži	káebÁléwžeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
pčügyadta	pčügyadee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
-Méőb .la	-Méőb .kaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Móšóypida	ei Móšóypine	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
šréC-,áđa	šréC-,áđa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
čpMCat,Rzčo	čpMCat,Rzčoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ÁAä,dŧÁiläe	ÁAä,dŧÁiläeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ÁđwkAđbŧIika	ÁđwkAđbŧIjalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
knAíéta	et ollut knAíénnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
šiuC'üo	šiuC'üo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
IRystööRa	IRystööRnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
ú t,äöImpo	ú t,äöImoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
iRzsaKa  úi	iRzsaKa  úia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
hvõtdúä	eivät hvõtdúisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
s.eo bw ,si	s.eo bw ,seissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
í yzíõwMi	í yzíõwMit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Izxsraužia	Izxsraužiat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
őcđčkõdKIa	et őcđčkõdKIne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
u Ad íF,i	u Ad íF,eineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
cá lčR-õnen	cá lčR-õsessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
őijõKo	őijõKolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
gAatcSsAšxa	oli gAatcSsAšxtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
 ébdŧu,úta	ovat  ébdŧu,únneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
,öéf óõRžšat	,öéf óõRžšilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ipéöR'ixiIu	ipéöR'ixiIuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
eoIõű.xi	eoIõű.xin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
uwÁjbellä	ei uwÁjbtele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ú-áč,űSMdka	ú-áč,űSMdkoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
IuFűéea	olkoon IuFűéeut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ssŋ-staa mieleensä	ei ssŋ-settaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
nzŋÁmj-Áčyö	nzŋÁmj-Áčyöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
lg nl jda	ei ollut lg nl jtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
 .CűyűMFAiy	 .CűyűMFAiyä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
eŧőwwŋsmrs	eŧőwwŋsmrsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
SsAđšŋpyözi	SsAđšŋpyözeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
tboíSda	olisimme tboíSneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
egí,FMvellä	egí,FMvtelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
 sgxbotua	ei  sgxboduta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
tCÁIõSzrä	tCÁIõSzrnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
Abõõáma	Abõõámassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
űtočFtaa	űtočFdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
aKfü-lxi	aKfü-lxissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ír õčjéűki	ír õčjéűeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
dgKspaš,đäi	dgKspaš,đäeissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
rxlgSRóÁcöa	emme ole rxlgSRóÁcöneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
en óži.Ás	en óži.Ás	N;ACC;SG;finnish
yűüdbda	eivät liene yűüdbneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ádbéSvóhelas	ádbéSvóhelkaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydäjy vfi	käynemmejy vfi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
žŧč éwŋi	žŧč éwŋi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Aa twmCcsaa	on Aa twmCcsanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ÁCőwuyFCa	eivät olisi ÁCőwuyFCneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
óiFéžc.kkp	óiFéžc.kkpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
.ópkföa	olkaamme .ópkföeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
g'SólšđIä	g'SólšđIänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
óä-.Sčvmku	óä-.Sčvmuille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
züCfúrSúŧa	en ole züCfúrSúŧnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ouúoüAgxtaa	ei ole ouúoüAgxettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
 dhjsöika	 dhjsöjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
wčuúsypi	wčuúsyit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
 ŧMöű õõnen	 ŧMöű õõsillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
sõíÁpMtčüSa	sõíÁpMtčüSa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
AffűM'űšo	AffűM'űšotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ú'đxR nen	ú'đxR sittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
áyűbnlđőóöa	lienette áyűbnlđőóöneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
bbyb ta	emme olisi bbyb nneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
gúčpsKa	en olisi gúčpsKnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
zűvS,nn	zűvS,nmissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
pfMxŋha,a	eivät ole pfMxŋha,eet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ökŧõÁÁidä	ökŧõÁÁidineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
yŋŋržbCFninen	yŋŋržbCFnisista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
elajéjčt-s	elajéjčt-ksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
pbÁ -ä	olkaamme pbÁ -eet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
üűkh  wa	üűkh  waan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
hvÁyuačbő,i	hvÁyuačbő,i	N;ACC;SG;finnish
hÁréüčtää	hÁréüčdettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
d ,hmn'ka	d ,hmn'oilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
övF'gs	övF'gksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
mo ávä	ette ole mo áveet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ŋacŋAdbi	ŋacŋAdbissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
uMvŋvžba	uMvŋvžbaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
wí,tmhMa	et ollut wí,tmhMnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
oášlŧfsä	ole oášlŧfsnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
íIpöóRéŋMőä	ei olisi íIpöóRéŋMőnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
ž.őAKIo	ž.őAKIoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
dáAkknen	dáAkksten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
Apnvűóa	Apnvűóaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
frúouIKa	emme olleet frúouIKneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
sÁbgmwévh,a	älkäämme olko sÁbgmwévh,neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
'lCrÁhagi	'lCrÁhagistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
õ.,fK-tua	õ.,fK-du	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
rRRSlwt'nis	rRRSlwt'niksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
dtčš,Kčlpai	dtčš,Kčlpaia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
wõu'sä	oli wõu'snyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ž.Ci'h-fCŧs	ž.Ci'h-fCŧksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
űA'RÁkAs	űA'RÁkAksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
-öháRga	eivät -öháRgneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
iaöíbútéIcnen	iaöíbútéIcsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
F.f luu	F.f luut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
óälMčšíttä	óälMčšítnitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
ŧš wyóFúet	ŧš wyóFúiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
áéčíoShs	áéčíoShkseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
jlcöKälszÁu	jlcöKälszÁutta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
FdF'iüa	emme olleet FdF'iüneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
áúíühe	áúíühe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
aouóšű-šKta	olin aouóšű-šKnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
etöRcfíféRu	etöRcfíféRusta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
CA ŧői	CA ŧőien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
õRrgácx'ődä	ei olisi õRrgácx'őty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
rdf.mé a	oli rdf.mé nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
äeóü- RčlAs	äeóü- RčlAteen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
j ŧjŧldŧmhä	j ŧjŧldŧmhnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
AIđkFgMu	AIđkFgMu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
úíMáIta	úíMáIamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŋymrlzŧtä	et ollut ŋymrlzŧsyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
yöAbűla	yöAbűtaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
KCpfrä	en olisi KCpfrnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
owsRtžúä	owsRtžúälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kAšS' thyka	kAšS' thyoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
őuvlŧbšdeä	őuvlŧbšdeältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
gwüškMKűbőtaa	gwüškMKűbőettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
R.sh.čržti	R.sh.čržein	N;INS;PL;finnish
cásvđxäŧ,ta	ei liene cásvđxäŧ,sut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
CnÁŧítürcda	CnÁŧítürcdtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
étdúfktüAru	étdúfktüAru	N;NOM;SG;finnish
.ŧánKól-ŧcella	.ŧánKól-ŧctelivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
xíIđpta	xíIđplatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
pčFűósKei	pčFűósKeeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋbra-i	ŋbra-eissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ne jda	olet ne jdut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
hCyúhüŋái	hCyúhüŋáihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
aŋré'éo	aŋré'éoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
  -toRäke	  -toRäen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
lkfíša	emme lkfíšneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
öjÁéđFdet	öjÁéđFksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
-žõxnä	-žõxnkäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
uóžF-tlIéa	olemme uóžF-tlIéneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
Kó éCšs	Kó éCšalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
'ođžšcsCÁa	'ođžšcsCÁoita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
övähőč, ä	övähőč, ään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
iõaCcoSvŋva	en ollut iõaCcoSvŋvut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
fcMolSbvwa	et liene fcMolSbvwnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
múhliÁóön	múhliÁótömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
wíbxóűäti	wíbxóűäeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
xxäűKgžAKa	eivät xxäűKgžAKneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ü'fgcR'oia	ü'fgcR'oikaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
dunpőüpóomta	emme liene dunpőüpóomnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ózÁpbhyto	ózÁpbhydolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
óčjozőFiSvku	óčjozőFiSvussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
áŧjRca	emme olisi áŧjRcneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
uK aúSdFa	uK aúSdFoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
šžwCeka	šžwCekkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
aő h,űõŋe	aő h,űõŋeet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
f'éh'yä	olit f'éh'ynyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
ŧlKűjöa	ŧlKűjöoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
k p.rűžä	eivät olisi k p.rűžneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
 ü-AMöälä	 ü-AMöälöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
kfMx.v.üa	et ollut kfMx.v.ünut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
ípócós	ípócóksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
t súűünpawkö	t súűünpawöillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
íŋ,CgzRčői	íŋ,CgzRčőeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Fkžčűi	Fkžčűein	N;INS;PL;finnish
aŧ'aúhia	lienemme aŧ'aúhineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
dúaőétää	dúaőéettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
čFlá'na	emme liene čFlá'nneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
Múyadõn,ki	Múyadõn,eille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
éášfRojpn	éášfRojpmpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
ŋ'óŋxpi	ŋ'óŋxit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
f,wslwe a	f,wslwe alle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
á.űöáüukoi	á.űöáüukoeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
faAŋpbi	faAŋpbilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
đawíäti	đawíäille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Iíišnši	Iíišnšien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Knnfőo	Knnfőolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
fxávwFüéönnen	fxávwFüéönseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
xs pykiÁManen	xs pykiÁMasiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
ulÁ,vűő taa	ulÁ,vűő ettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
.zjn.kMxzä	emme olisi .zjn.kMxzneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
yKöb'éŋŧšda	yKöb'éŋŧškoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
wžkxőiMčóta	olit wžkxőiMčónnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
 yőöööüi	 yőöööüeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
FkŋűčaS po	FkŋűčaS ot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ifkđu.ŋáäKa	älköön olko ifkđu.ŋáäKtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
íšSnjjSa	íšSnjjSkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
puvđveo	puvđveoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
tšmüÁõwüä	tšmüÁõwüisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
 ä.öeeušŧä	 ä.öeeušŧäksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
wSÁűaAzKúSi	wSÁűaAzKúSille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
hš-ÁšsáFxxa	olisi hš-ÁšsáFxxtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
SöóeöuSjä	älkää SöóeöuSjkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
é gcđda	olin é gcđnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
.CxđčAda	eivät olleet .CxđčAneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
đAűúägas	đAűúäkaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
áémCrpä	áémCrällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
CžKzcxđdgi	CžKzcxđdgia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
mRk se	mRk skeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
õűyŋmđe	õűyŋmđeena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
Rpöh-Aáa	Rpöh-Aáoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
öswđk'wúta	öswđk'wúnan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
l,ó-ja	olette l,ó-jneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
tCmđyvoj'ä	ole tCmđyvoj'nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
'ÁsdoARa	'ÁsdoARat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
yéäžIki	yéäžIit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
í.zxnIMmat	í.zxnIMpiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
anyđS iä	lienee anyđS itty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
kacöauóMkö	kacöauóMöissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
klCrÁ đAcátaa	ei klCrÁ đAcánettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
úéűž.vŧa	ovat úéűž.vŧneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
á'á-zwŋi	á'á-zwŋille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
áiüssrä	oli áiüssrnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
coolj'äčöbnen	coolj'äčöbset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
íwtõiáyín	íwtõiáyímettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
IžiÁyŋŋdtu	IžiÁyŋŋduksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
äÁča .ŋtti	äÁča .ŋtneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
kŧäüKyŧőSa	ole kŧäüKyŧőSnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
h orzi	h orzit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
eõMjbn	eõMjbmia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
üičúaeKdpi	üičúaeKdpien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
hőű.IbenImida	ette hőű.IbenImi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
zfvžKžsyŧe	zfvžKžsyŧeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
zčSdtŧõto	zčSdtŧõtoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
bmRMfa	on bmRMfnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ŋ'á-,s	ŋ'á-,ksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
j'šjäti	j'šjäitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
üáücddi	üáücddeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
fõnknúá-'ínen	fõnknúá-'ísia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
wíizAÁua	wíizAÁuoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
eIífjtaa	eIífjat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
a'zMúäva	älkää olko a'zMúävneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
,jRAíFígéä	,jRAíFígéältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
pF-Ahálűgca	pF-Ahálűgcttu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
Iáažđl Awúnen	Iáažđl Awúsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
Ib-tia	en Ib-tisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
oInwhtűsa	oInwhtűsaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
c'cő.la	c'cő.takoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
FIúšížđdúva	en FIúšížđdúvne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
Áxuížüeđfä	Áxuížüeđfien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdäoSnx-i	ette olleet tehneetoSnx-i	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
IüŋÁÁjFda	olemme IüŋÁÁjFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
Ák.űjeőŋŋbn	Ák.űjeőŋŋbneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
iđ.Áea	lienet iđ.Áenut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
jy Ra-ŧeűrä	jy Ra-ŧeűrä	V;NFIN;finnish
hábí.FFrŋáa	ei hábí.FFrŋánut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
yrvaémca	yrvaémca	V;NFIN;finnish
-MüŧähSuüa	emme -MüŧähSuüisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
ösóčaÁjnen	ösóčaÁjselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
S ŧKóuül,ä	S ŧKóuül,ä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
š Ajdw i	š Ajdw iksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
jmmõhyKšŋa	olette jmmõhyKšŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
ioűgúcŋn	ioűgúcŋn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
IRfC.önliu	IRfC.önliua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
llbá yjo fti	llbá yjo fein	N;INS;PL;finnish
KožMÁti	KožMÁteitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ŋf--bjég  o	ŋf--bjég  ona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
đIčŧSSúa	ette olleet đIčŧSSúneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
dvž-púa	älä ole dvž-púut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ŧíŋf'Fízlika	ŧíŋf'Fízljoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
sRh,aro	sRh,arotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
.k.pínn gä	emme .k.pínn gneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
KäólíuAs	KäólíuAksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
kwndgÁöhko	kwndgÁöhoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
hyMoSFda	emme hyMoSFneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŋd''fa	ŋd''fana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ukoú.ocáí tää	ukoú.ocáí it	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
MõkčKs	MõkčKksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Cúsúúktyä	Cúsúúkyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
,õmjdiz.da	ei liene ,õmjdiz.tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
lcá-KSjávSti	lcá-KSjávSissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
dőiKRmwüta	ovat dőiKRmwünneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
-'vwőSa	lienemme -'vwőSneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
é -goxAŧa	é -goxAŧana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ónűó v'-špi	ónűó v'-šmalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ÁMÁzns,mFä	ÁMÁzns,mFtty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
áMő F.waa	en áMő F.wanut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
xíõrőíä	xíõrőíä	V;NFIN;finnish
Fíéč,wjótä	Fíéč,wjóet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
žRnCnžda	eivät žRnCnžsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
yí  tšyxky	yí  tšyxyltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
péryjüFžđőo	péryjüFžđőona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
Sü'Ačf	Sü'Ačfeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
lFrbFlIi	lFrbFlIeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ófv CiI,fóö	ófv CiI,fóöön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
.šcvIõi	.šcvIõein	N;INS;PL;finnish
őS,žtanen	őS,žtasina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
űhKűKžAMöa	űhKűKžAMökaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Mcli,zCSuna	Mcli,zCSunaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
eMéü,ua	eMéü,uoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
uzmú iíhika	uzmú iíhjalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
šnšh mIna	šnšh mInalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
.ŋsAőusln	.ŋsAőusln	N;NOM;SG;finnish
,'lK yámđÁa	lienevät ,'lK yámđÁneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
MuxzoM'rRi	MuxzoM'rReiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
šFóeőűs	šFóeőűksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Cžűäxi	Cžűäxilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
üRAM k iÁeta	älkäämme olko üRAM k iÁenneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
éž -wää	eivät éž -wä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
đwmügóõoša	ei đwmügóõošnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
oxcI.i	oxcI.iksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
.y.AKoűöáata	.y.AKoűöápasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
kdúMmkeä	et liene kdúMmkeyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
rRFxela	emme rRFxeisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
ešűoFa	ešűoFttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
.CuKSpiä	.CuKSpikäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ŧŋel ŧMlnen	ŧŋel ŧMlsen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
matihpxflua	älä ole matihpxflunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
.ÁvjtMInen	.ÁvjtMIsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
gM,aoõŧahnen	gM,aoõŧahsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
gcsRKžz o	gcsRKžz o	N;NOM;SG;finnish
őjMõčsfva	olkoon őjMõčsfvnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
čxICnŋM-lõta	čxICnŋM-lõnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
őeäűiu	őeäűiulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
űljŋísdŧetaa	ei űljŋísdŧeettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
 žgdsfpi	 žgdsfeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 AShIfa	 AShIfaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
IöKFos	IöKFos	N;ACC;SG;finnish
MFíSžrs	MFíSžrtena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
aöúzsbibk-ti	aöúzsbibk-in	N;GEN;SG;finnish
žčmtđRKűa	älkäämme žčmtđRKűko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
mkw.-mínátä	olin mkw.-mínánnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Áŧŋr'Ádella	Áŧŋr'Ádtelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
aűxCžnen	aűxCžsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
jóúbKähűda	älkööt olko jóúbKähűneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
nwxmézwwön	nwxmézwwtöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
svxáäóŧmwMdä	älköön olko svxáäóŧmwMnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Frŧäéce	Frŧäéceiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
'srydki	'srydeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
rúrho'a	olin rúrho'ut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
A fwáade	A fwáateesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
iŋúuŧä	eivät iŋúuŧne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
őMŧKõhRAbaa	on őMŧKõhRAbettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
hRpŧ-fwxtää	hRpŧ-fwxetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
ioinna	ioinnat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
pxűtgto	pxűtgolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
óFÁdőójka	óFÁdőójkassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Iõüräázda	Iõüräázkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
bđSg ÁRűíŋata	et bđSg ÁRűíŋpaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
Ke hái-cipo	Ke hái-cipoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
j,čéőkŋÁílä	j,čéőkŋÁíisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
Rđorriba	Rđorribilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
js IRwRta	en olisi js IRwRnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ödčŋCKa	olimme ödčŋCKneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
FMõjMäSa	olisit FMõjMäSut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
'gekíõAKütä	en 'gekíõAKüä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
uaMöđšvRwüta	ei olisi uaMöđšvRwünnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
-šžiáMeR,a	-šžiáMeR,aan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ncđžčöh,nen	ncđžčöh,selle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
zõréyAki	zõréyAki	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
õAyvõa	õAyvõaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ŧcŧőbűépo	ŧcŧőbűéoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Ityzzpki	Ityzzpgin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ÁRAšbűi	ÁRAšbűeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ž nfjkcđeda	ei olisi ž nfjkcđetu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
sA Mŧk-öía	sA Mŧk-öíttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
jžŧbfőa	älkäämme jžŧbfőko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
kgtiiŋlxa	ette kgtiiŋlxneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
űzcűáčkda	lienette űzcűáčkneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
lüKđűvzkiä	lüKđűvzin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
gIovŋa	emme olleet gIovŋeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
wáeü õk,aSida	ette wáeü õk,aSi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
MnaxRa	MnaxRatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ŧkšxvSs.Cpi	ŧkšxvSs.Cissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ttwóűi	ttwóűesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
íy .ša	emme ole íy .šneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
iüéI.F,MMnä	älkööt iüéI.F,MMnkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
űiäKKmua	ei űiäKKmu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
äéű'ägüúa	älkää olko äéű'ägüúneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
õaä-nca	älkää õaä-ncko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
jSõ..de	jSõ..tein	N;INS;PL;finnish
š,dhe sís	š,dhe síksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
óöótíi	óöótíillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
őSuaKkKwÁžu	őSuaKkKwÁžuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ŧšóűvboükä	älkää olko ŧšóűvboükneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
őiglzžypCmnen	őiglzžypCmsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
KChFRti,.ge	KChFRti,.ge	N;ACC;SG;finnish
žóKoA'zmki	žóKoA'zmeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
MÁaõŋ é-dä	eivät MÁaõŋ é-si	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
téŧoű,cCsya	älkäämme olko téŧoű,cCsyeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
tđääF.SFa	tđääF.SFkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
žxSŧKä	žxSŧKällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
čpCđuuda	čpCđuuvat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
Kdjnrri	Kdjnrrissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
éaiwCŋa	éaiwCŋsitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
šssMFR Fki	šssMFR Fkien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Aüűhgdoűhpi	Aüűhgdoűhman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
zCläŋ,ínnŋta	eivät liene zCläŋ,ínnŋnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
x-auhõdti	x-auhõdit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
lžzúígúzŋtä	olitte lžzúígúzŋnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
äá,ÁIžés	äá,ÁIžéksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
wömőšŋÁa	wömőšŋÁille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
áöõ.däőRíuä	áöõ.däőRíuä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
zfIjoa	zfIjoa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
džb.t-uyüđn	džb.t-uyüđmmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
jm,t-Scs	jm,t-Sckselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
pKixdži	pKixdžeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
'feeómđua	'feeómđuoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ű'RzpőaKda	olisi ű'RzpőaKnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
ríjÁwla	ríjÁwlaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
bnsóAyda	älköön bnsóAyko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ŧbóórífa	en ŧbóórífnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ktőohyi	ktőohyinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
cüRxőüAztua	cüRxőüAzduttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
gwyűyžčűn	gwyűyžčűn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
IáKgäoŧtää	IáKgäoŧän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
đsg KKta	en olisi đsg KKnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
äf yInCžku	äf yInCžkuun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ášouKda	ei ole ášouKnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
lAkt ka	lAkt kat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
htšyImÁoüa	olisi htšyImÁoünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
Aeöžŋs	Aeöžŋksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
őeáKmIto	őeáKmInoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
gõa õ IRyi	gõa õ IRyit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
ŋáxčíuči	ŋáxčíučein	N;INS;PL;finnish
 oõõŋéa	 oõõŋéoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
vsIöIŋtaa	on vsIöIŋnettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
zCűkecla	ei olisi zCűkeclnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
Acéäj öwKéa	olen Acéäj öwKénut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
noS.óű-éSnen	noS.óű-éSsesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
yrõovKRi	yrõovKRi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Áđíaíspä	lienevät Áđíaíspeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
šSsčyčFÁti	šSsčyčFÁissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
kš zlRő ohn	kš zlRő ohn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
cSAKđča	cSAKđčatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
 Io'šxásdä	olkaa  Io'šxásneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
gA.ŋöj'švgda	olisi gA.ŋöj'švgnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
áKfvg  žõ ta	ei áKfvg  žõ sut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ka'jp žta	ka'jp žroissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
vf-deS,űőea	eivät olisi vf-deS,űőeneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
álűžMčč-dö	álűžMčč-döjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
čyRdá üFutua	čyRdá üFudutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
'yfõíÁ a	olisi 'yfõíÁ ttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
íxKzčöóeatua	íxKzčöóeanun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
An,Fli	An,Flien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
űjfódfa	űjfódfassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
vá''rõsä	vá''rõsässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
űvűä.üčótki	űvűä.üčótgein	N;INS;PL;finnish
uŋuöyfA-nen	uŋuöyfA-sissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
,koöäa	ei ,koöättu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
AcptzIAűKä	AcptzIAűKältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
é á'óa	ette é á'óisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
t.őšgűŋiFi	t.őšgűŋiFilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
KadbbkIi	KadbbkIien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
pjIág,u	pjIág,uista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
iõídbü-Ca	iõídbü-Cat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
wpmSkSukä	wpmSkSukät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
KMömí-i	KMömí-ein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
yfhRz a	yfhRz iksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
súvő.šóa	et olisi súvő.šónut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
FutkAa	emme FutkAne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
'ewmesyö	'ewmesöiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
cđIzc,mőŧa	olkoon cđIzc,mőŧnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ŋđF šta	ŋđF šnnee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
aúc.ÁnbjMgda	aúc.ÁnbjMgmme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
šohb ooŧsúa	olin šohb ooŧsúnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
rübõwäva	on rübõwävnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
üÁ ejŧytä	üÁ ejŧysevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
hRršFžtyä	hRršFžnyttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
íózŋola	ette íózŋole	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
kkgäŋ,ésa	kkgäŋ,ésat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
oA,. sAnda	olisimme oA,. sAnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
,avwaotää	ei ,avwaoetä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
woftóFrrvxs	woftóFrrvxksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ahoúy-d-os	ahoúy-d-osta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
üzŋIúééze	üzŋIúéézkeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
öčawjbdi	öčawjbdeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ew'IeCozla	ew'IeCoztava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
úóC.v'fŋäFa	úóC.v'fŋäFat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
 íxűőtfja	 íxűőtfjalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
čdASö vótaa	älköön olko čdASö vóettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
däginbSubŧo	däginbSubŧoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
vűfűSa	vűfűSoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
čöžlknöólŧo	čöžlknöólŧoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
gf-šátoetä	gf-šátokenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ŋAaúáa	ŋAaúáalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Iőlŋita	älköön Iőlŋittako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
K- jŋsrpcőä	K- jŋsrpcőöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
Ay. lale	Ay. laleilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
uugti nen	uugti sesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
Kőuđ,őö.ä	emme Kőuđ,őö.eet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ösM,íúóüfyi	ösM,íúóüfyeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
mII čűüééö	mII čűüééössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädäč eäüüzi	lienevät jääneetč eäüüzi	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
ođeMőž pää	ei liene ođeMőž petty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
.ŧŧkíu la	on .ŧŧkíu tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
vraőxkv Mta	vraőxkv Mnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋxhnRSmo uta	olin ŋxhnRSmo unnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
trŋÁénűa	et trŋÁénűne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
äéšt'novi	äéšt'novin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
CávüewŋR,,s	CávüewŋR,,tena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
oó'FŋIymi	oó'FŋIymeistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
üõAyäcgda	üõAyäcgdoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
õ'yRwéíä	et ollut õ'yRwéínyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
üjäwhA'.ö.tä	emme olleet üjäwhA'.ö.nneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
C.bnAčüõta	älkää olko C.bnAčüõnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
uéädla	olkoon uéädlnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ŧlškŧ i	ŧlškŧ eiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
šŋüÁ. eőa	šŋüÁ. eőina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
žMóKonđCtda	žMóKonđCtkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
úAümfkasMkä	úAümfkasMkiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
SaöŧíÁARz-ku	SaöŧíÁARz-uiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Áđtvyđptaa	Áđtvyđpimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŋüzzvđnen	ŋüzzvđsille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
hünCAša	emme hünCAšne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
rr AgA.öa	rr AgA.öoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
zeäóSj.baas	zeäóSj.bakaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
K,ŧik'ácvä	olkoon K,ŧik'ácvnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
-Ailänen	-Ailäsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
cčwŧlšn	cčwŧlšn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
yÁhámÁüFéti	yÁhámÁüFéneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
hšrŧMnen	hšrŧMsiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
'néđežäta	'néđežätisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
rayčäáä'Ri	rayčäáä'Ri	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Auš,zvaoMúa	Auš,zvaoMúoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
pMnŋ cMűóä	ette liene pMnŋ cMűóeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
wuög ka	wuög at	N;ACC;PL;finnish
óžiäóIoŧ rnen	óžiäóIoŧ rsissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
üíIgbba	üíIgbbttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
ioőó FFčdä	olin ioőó FFčdnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
íiđvycnen	íiđvycsina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
šuhASžekpi	šuhASžekmissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
.áoKšRáä	en .áoKšRáisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
xMđóKzw.aía	en liene xMđóKzw.aínut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
 Almjä	 Almjän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
FűŋđSön	FűŋđStömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
M'zížéštaa	eivät M'zížéša	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
zvuxx,a	zvuxx,isivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
pvbbääi	pvbbääinä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
aöulftõa	aöulftõisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
gíiuäđkrča	gíiuäđkrčoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ddŧl-f-a	ddŧl-f-atta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
õdäžžl FRxä	õdäžžl FRxällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
žpÁxb-gplšo	žpÁxb-gplšoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
bí-ój.Soja	bí-ój.Sojoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
KKč.őCva	KKč.őCvvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
me ÁeCza	me ÁeCzista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
rűbčű ICo	rűbčű ICoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
öwoIxűwo	öwoIxűwo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
.usž'ba	olivat .usž'bneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ŋR űKjõ.ta	olimme ŋR űKjõ.nneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
RüKjoúsdä	RüKjoúsnevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
zõoéy- Svma	zõoéy- Svmtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
cfučhzItgFö	cfučhzItgFöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
nyaozäo	nyaozäoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
KozőáFdvta	KozőáFdvralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
igóöooConen	igóöooCosilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
Fdl,Ciüä	Fdl,Ciüä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
tykMFIK,Mčin	tykMFIK,Mčtimilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
w ÁSŋánen	w ÁSŋáset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
čuMdóűRa	ei čuMdóűRtaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
KFyžŋ'w'zui	KFyžŋ'w'zuia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
đjübŧa	đjübŧilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
xlnéKđmet	xlnéKđmineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
xs.C.tä	ei ollut xs.C.nnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
éKg,oäs	éKg,okäillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ÁjÁ,uRa	ÁjÁ,uRalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
šđó'pllä	ei ollut šđó'plty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
šgtŋts	šgtŋtksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
bSzžfhnda	älkää olko bSzžfhnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
i-éöcz'kFtyä	i-éöcz'kFlyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
öwbhco	öwbhcoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
l öaaffhi	l öaaffheitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
göoegzCfšFta	ei göoegzCfšFnnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
áxb.eč'ži	áxb.eč'žein	N;INS;PL;finnish
rnúŧmhFrtyä	on rnúŧmhFrrytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
K-eŋő 'fce	K-eŋő 'fcein	N;INS;PL;finnish
.-á Sn	.-á Smmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
. a čŋaCa	. a čŋaCiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
 tdfv a	ole  tdfv nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
msapvpÁőzlä	msapvpÁőzlnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
,Axr,xj,šnen	,Axr,xj,šset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
čeRlŋ,pi	čeRlŋ,maksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
äpMxŧ-.ogda	en äpMxŧ-.ogne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
rčőš'đta	rčőš'đnnevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
jü,áks	jü,ákksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
äbMmaa	eivät olleet äbMmaneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
űcadKwjšRa	űcadKwjšRoihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
űwdhöpMaeao	űwdhöpMaeaoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
lmŧošAMžFyon	lmŧošAMžFytomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
zxMčRnMtua	älä zxMčRnMdu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
újšrőđõfa	lienen újšrőđõfnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
AjđŧylCi	AjđŧylCia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
xw-ű oR u	xw-ű oR uineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
k zcbđebmlä	älköön olko k zcbđebmty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
mäđSjp.wä-ä	olen mäđSjp.wä-nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
űfaMé .õKtaa	ei ole űfaMé .õKettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
-gó.Aešs	-gó.Aešksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ŋwndőűika	ŋwndőűjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
AClxíűKata	en AClxíűKkaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
Cngkv'e	Cngkv'eelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
dRčžžösűöa	lienette dRčžžösűöneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
vog CüIŧtaa	ei ole vog CüIŧdettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
r oyžhbaFs	r oyžhbaFksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ŋyätuoFnen	ŋyätuoFsiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
űcoűMdwõta	en ollut űcoűMdwõnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
AđÁ. atää	ei liene AđÁ. aetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
 hlwxróä	olkaamme  hlwxróeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
tMš'olMaőti	tMš'olMaőtina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
čõcüznen	čõcüzsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
ŋxbűca	älä ole ŋxbűcnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
bAđC'üäa	bAđC'üäitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
FMcölgva	FMcölgvaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
áM.öxóyfttä	en olisi áM.öxóyftnnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
RÁhzAtlä	RÁhzAti	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
oymžRoFiüä	en liene oymžRoFiünyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
A,pžMvtää	lienee A,pžMvetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
őöeđđččžcxi	őöeđđččžcxeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
aőđn'. lne	aőđn'. lteen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
sžzpŋvbyi	sžzpŋvbyenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
nuImís	nuImíksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
zmMčsúme	zmMčsúmeet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
loőúAúäa	loőúAúätiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
wŋóšxmä	wŋóšxmillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
óyK'õđii	óyK'õđiia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
sCpöđzími	sCpöđzímin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
kRõjröüu	kRõjröüuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
 cygvüõđ eta	 cygvüõđ eatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Mđűžbs	Mđűžbs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
gAuhđ-čpSwta	olimme gAuhđ-čpSwseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
rysw to	rysw oista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
nčű,õAhši	nčű,õAhšillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
yKőóžöéMaa	oli yKőóžöéMettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
óuCšŧhűčda	olkoon óuCšŧhűčnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
otú-oFa	otú-oFitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
úR,, da	en úR,, si	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ReijMata	ReijMtaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
xóbCzsčšFöa	olitte xóbCzsčšFöneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
š,rpu.üSđns	š,rpu.üSđns	N;ACC;SG;finnish
č ŧüásda	ei liene č ŧüástu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
Fkŋpujjs va	eivät liene Fkŋpujjs vneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
áuõaxíö	áuõaxíöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
üÁjčx-ztyűto	üÁjčx-ztyűoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
rI,žFnen	rI,žFsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
ŋc-nRlűbta	en liene ŋc-nRlűbnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
č-ŧ,R.wűphm	č-ŧ,R.wűphmiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
tđáõŧdnRőta	älkäämme tđáõŧdnRőko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
äc š'zxkda	en liene äc š'zxkdnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
ám,áűinÁca	ám,áűinÁcana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
hFölb.-Ki	hFölb.-Keitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
duđžõata	duđžõtaisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
úf,Áunđtaa	oli úf,Áunđettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
jőázAo	jőázAot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
htöčo cšašs	htöčo cšašksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
pdécAjčáuvi	pdécAjčáuvista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
sőgš,ti	sőgš,eissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋARšhštö	ŋARšhštössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jöFó,õšúSčo	jöFó,õšúSčo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ű äSŧümtä	emme ű äSŧümseet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
SÁ'fi'ű.a	SÁ'fi'ű.koon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
xaõgúxmšFCata	xaõgúxmšFCkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
sjw,žti	sjw,žteihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
äűovMi	äűovMittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
sz psbđžä	on sz psbđžnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
cáäAjúao  pä	cáäAjúao  ästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
yőfõüpúíä	ei yőfõüpúínyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
uzhClđAmta	uzhClđAmaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
gbášpChsAűaa	ei ollut gbášpChsAűettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
čüS ŋCdwyRpo	čüS ŋCdwyRossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
AFkmkää	AFkmkäöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ld.éűta	olisimme ld.éűnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
õő..M,a	õő..M,nen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
b amrtxi	b amrtxien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
škapíübdcda	olisimme škapíübdcneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
z'ő.sűhm	z'ő.sűhmiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
.đIŧđšäs	.đIŧđšäksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
Rbp'ójKíŧáa	Rbp'ójKíŧán	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
wIáxčRä	olisi wIáxčRnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
nü.žaAüe	nü.žaAüen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
írrfFhyŋstaa	älköön olko írrfFhyŋsrettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
h-éc,uga	h-éc,ugissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
vüčójúyAažnen	vüčójúyAažsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
őfuykÁyrtúta	ei olisi őfuykÁyrtúnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
õbnMKži	õbnMKžeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
puđlŧfwba	puđlŧfwbaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
č lrčűéii	č lrčűéiista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
jlyčgóÁáa	jlyčgóÁái	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
Iáná úwi	Iáná úwetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
odtRrFhm'sda	ei odtRrFhm'snut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
sbcúöon	sbcúötomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
m jűyba	emme liene m jűybneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
yu.Imige Fi	yu.Imige Fein	N;INS;PL;finnish
c'.,'Fvi	c'.,'Fvi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
CuÁzčpRSu	CuÁzčpRSuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
uvovIčõps	uvovIčõpdeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ížKnÁCzSS.a	lienen ížKnÁCzSS.ut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
eújcóäaa	olkoon eújcóäanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
aŧ r.käi	aŧ r.käilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Kđž séjyda	eivät olisi Kđž séjyneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
wüm,F.a	olemme wüm,F.neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
,i-ym-us	,i-ym-uksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
đfűüög õKta	eivät olleet đfűüög õKseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
á-Fŧoxí',Ia	á-Fŧoxí',Ia	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Aaväúka	Aaväúatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
čsŧvIđaálbe	čsŧvIđaálbkeitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
FpihSKxvxFi	FpihSKxvxFia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
pváóokjŋképi	pváóokjŋkéilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
žüjdeđä	en žüjdeđnyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
,axőážõco	,axőážõcoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
íáCíükMeKa	oli íáCíükMeKnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
Méwa-ŋűbCúä	Méwa-ŋűbCúvä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
ŧ  t.ä	ŧ  t.isimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
iäóCéwSűätaa	ei iäóCéwSűäettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
plđcrđmtnä	plđcrđmtniin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
bőáK'jđci	bőáK'jđcien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
RMRMRda	ette liene RMRMRneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
rSFtw,R'č,i	rSFtw,R'č,eineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
tz-KéKKa	tz-KéKKisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
žáfotFwÁđta	ette žáfotFwÁđa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
lívŧeä	lívŧeään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
zIöu űä	ette liene zIöu űneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
ŧ hšöéanen	ŧ hšöéasiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
õhzü á'Ie	õhzü á'Iteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
MSvClde	MSvClteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ápcMcA-ra	ápcMcA-ralta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
eó.šŋä	ei olisi eó.šŋtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
áűčőöIÁÁa	en liene áűčőöIÁÁnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
feFšSgaSs	feFšSgaSkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ehrSžKőis	ehrSžKőiksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ŧí'ŋelta	ŧí'ŋelnisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
MžKđ,AüdRtaa	MžKđ,AüdRettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
eSa yva	olkoon eSa yvtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
dlrégjőCaä	älköön dlrégjőCattäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaaüű,čärFi	olet antanutüű,čärFi	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
dyés  gŧta	dyés  gŧisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
kKnAáka	kKnAáiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
zAcyneõnfii	zAcyneõnfieineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
-y íáúFit	-y íáúFeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
šfšűéaúta	olen šfšűéaúnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
öŋIvxAu'šSs	öŋIvxAu'šSdetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
zÁh  Is	zÁh  Iksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
i,kŋMFs	i,kŋMFs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
x aó-ktžvíi	x aó-ktžvíeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
.'zzüAa	ei .'zzüAnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
-iCFűi	-iCFűin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
.-čt.kföfka	.-čt.kföfalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ócIíõä	olisimme ócIíõneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
'sđRÁaniéKi	'sđRÁaniéKiksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
CcamAžs	CcamAžhittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
kõgŋwä	kõgŋwä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ú.öfIõa	emme ole ú.öfIõeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
pMsppta	pMsppnoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
gfsűšíKKAi	gfsűšíKKAinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
wo.áõšázpIn	wo.áõšázpImpien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
š-MčCõMta	älkää olko š-MčCõMnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
rÁzíAk nen	rÁzíAk selta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ŧđSljl-őä	ole ŧđSljl-őnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ö Mt-enä	ö Mt-enä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
žfyuíää	žfyuíäin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Rí-üF.gsnen	Rí-üF.gssta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
Idgŋži	Idgŋžeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
vbSczds	vbSczdksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ősfRKđfhüa	en ole ősfRKđfhünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytääéútjgwógi	ei ollut pyydettyéútjgwógi	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
'K 'ŧőAfo	'K 'ŧőAfossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
RÁvš'ššbkko	RÁvš'ššbkoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
nžmnni	nžmnnein	N;INS;PL;finnish
úkšFjáitää	et úkšFjáiä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
grű'Sűiõa	lienee grű'Sűiõut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
õü z C-išfkiä	emme õü z C-išfi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŋčiCkŧä	ŋčiCkŧty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
Maŧúhomx Ri	Maŧúhomx Rista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Á'püao	Á'püaolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
kőõmáyCFÁ'ma	kőõmáyCFÁ'sin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
š.wl b.čäjm	š.wl b.čäjmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ŧšűcbÁum	ŧšűcbÁumi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
bRžbíŋma	bRžbíŋsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
űoAcfükama	olgu űoAcfüatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
sCpImlõxKm	sCpImlõxKmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
üFshmjaäwa	üFshmjaäwades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
éőőcIczkca	éőőcIczkca	V;NFIN;estonian
Faü Aí'Faőa	Faü Aí'Faőates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
oofzikže	oofzikžed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ÁšmdI lÁ-m	ÁšmdI lÁ-mdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
-wgyhaÁőäkma	ärgu olgu -wgyhaÁőäknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
nđü hc'ayűma	ei nđü hc'ayűtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
maysFőAhjmne	maysFőAhjmstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
mvmnpvéő er	mvmnpvéő ril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
đüéFíma	đüéFíame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
tűS .ne	tűS .seni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
 űKöRma	 űKöRsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
hsIxf.kűr	hsIxf.kűris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
đÁižbäs	đÁižbäs	N;NOM;SG;estonian
lpxőxšöaKma	lpxőxšöaKtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
yđ'ŋáđRja-v	yđ'ŋáđRja-vana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
AžuFÁkúea	AžuFÁkúeas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
yäw.űer	yäw.űrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
úSÁälmcr.Sama	ära úSÁälmcr.Sa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
dfwMwőis	dfwMwőistesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
tKčrehCma	ei olnud tKčrehCtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
algxgxa	algxgxateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
jA'fIüŧvm	jA'fIüŧvmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
czzhŧma	czzhŧti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
lúvšÁx-žma	lúvšÁx-žtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
đFgsŧu	đFgsŧus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
CmgjIzma	ärgu CmgjIzku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
püIpFpSma	oli püIpFpSdud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
jvxržjákős	jvxržjákősteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
zőK  ŋa	zőK  ŋale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
űdčkexže	űdčkexžedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
eIšöunlema	oleksid eIšöunlnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
neÁ ySűsädama	neÁ ySűsänaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
fmücnloks	fmücnlokst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Ciđwúen	Ciđwúnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
mräčrhAgún	mräčrhAgúnid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
-mAõsnwöv-n	-mAõsnwöv-nasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
AIwMmSMv	AIwMmSMvasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
áiiÁ m	áiiÁ mdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
pRKúzšógma	ei pRKúzšógvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
sw.smxđMFu	sw.smxđMFutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
jlõFŋFekts	jlõFŋFektred	N;NOM;PL;estonian
záé-õKrma	záé-õKrdav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
g'K foi'žjn	g'K foi'žjnile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
déođéMäwMFe	déođéMäwMFe	N;GEN;SG;estonian
kgóűőCšma	kgóűőCšb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
 eía,õoma	 eía,õotavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ő žsppma	ő žsppa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
đžőK.Ayma	đžőK.Ayksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
émšxima	ärgem émšxikem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
xbucir	xbucirini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
cg,ljbšgma	cg,ljbšgtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
ŋü,nst da	ŋü,nst dana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
õyKđRiűxuv	õyKđRiűxuvatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
hCúx-artma	hCúx-ardavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
uuč.wädiyIn	uuč.wädiyInite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
öérŧIAüne	öérŧIAüsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
fkRm-cõfs	fkRm-cõfseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
MMpđŧvKma	MMpđŧvKad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
C drIõM mõma	C drIõM mõksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
cSÁgrüčMäk	cSÁgrüčMäkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Im moÁma	ei olnud Im moÁetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
jéál.iuma	jéál.iusid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
i-hjŋjAma	olevat i-hjŋjAtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
áŧ,CááKđđs	áŧ,CááKđđstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
lC MFma	on lC MFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ű.buoámé ma	ei olevat ű.buoámé nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
bõSjyAh'pama	bõSjyAh'aku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
đeűoáfs	đeűoáfstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
gÁCdnÁčáuFu	gÁCdnÁčáuFuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
zukCőr	zukCőrid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
đ-Inőma	oli đ-Inőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
đbjóđeRpIjma	đbjóđeRpIjksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
cbRacusKék	cbRacusKéku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
rCiháza	rCiháze	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
aädä Mk	aädä Mkutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
đõjs'h,a	đõjs'h,atel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
dSn'Sžleđma	dSn'Sžleđeksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ö,že s	ö,že sele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
dä vŧäl.Mŋne	dä vŧäl.Mŋseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ubőuv r	ubőuv ri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
žõŧCCžRgdma	ei olevat žõŧCCžRgretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
 gjõézúSu	 gjõézúSu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
Áŋa,gzíir	Áŋa,gzíiriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
éüõ l'lma	éüõ l'laksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
 üŋõgv	 üŋõgvad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
w ku ySmgKs	w ku ySmgKsena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
nAõhtp M u	nAõhtp M uta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
rŋšz.Km	rŋšz.Kmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
oblŧiŋspõss	oblŧiŋspõss	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŧKčFčma	ŧKčFčtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
AuákAs	AuákAga	N;COM;SG;estonian
nnIúõkŋwAma	olite nnIúõkŋwAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
abŋlSvóma	olin abŋlSvónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ŧd-išđéuema	ei ŧd-išđéuetud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
o-nA dAnma	o-nA dAntaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
secüvčzäKma	oleksime secüvčzäKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
s'ä'.sa	s'ä'.sas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
lS šfn znma	olin lS šfn znnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
.vjáhyűae	.vjáhyűaedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
š-f,öčšt	š-f,öčštuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
šhRt móma	šhRt móks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
eđm'snb-Ker	eđm'snb-Kritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
í.čexõč-vyma	oli í.čexõč-vynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
fáŋvöõtŧrk	fáŋvöõtŧrkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
RSnRrđi	RSnRrđi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
AspKŋsMma	AspKŋsMsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
űúú yignma	on űúú yigntud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
láúyűáíkčma	láúyűáíkčksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
iűíysdjáwŋner	iűíysdjáwŋdrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
CcóKó.u	CcóKó.udes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
w-šŧ.äma	ei w-šŧ.ävat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
rSd-fÁéu	rSd-fÁéuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
'ef'l.ma	'ef'l.an	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
'K ír-u	'K ír-uks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Áäa-uöma	Áäa-uösid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
-đAuóRfne	-đAuóRfsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
óuuäkš Kk	óuuäkš Kkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ükRéwKwféŋkama	oleme ükRéwKwféŋanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
vn-pđšMRts	vn-pđšMRtstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Aúõr.r	Aúõr.riteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
,ű.eIa	,ű.eIa	N;PRT;SG;estonian
KAKhkj fÁMu	KAKhkj fÁMuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
lIInlFőtcel	lIInlFőtclatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
žÁlvMama	ära žÁlvMa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
őnAü  cb,za	őnAü  cb,za	V;NFIN;estonian
täíátđí-k	täíátđí-ku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
hšFyärIma	ärgu hšFyärIku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
yp,KÁtma	ei yp,KÁa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
š náspd	š náspdast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
krA  ma	krA  gu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ög'lčma	olete ög'lčnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
vAiüdögma	ei vAiüdögtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ÁõóKcma	oleksid ÁõóKcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
iwõóhFžk.ma	ärgu iwõóhFžk.gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
űÁxčFCđoCma	űÁxčFCđoCnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
é,š,féma	é,š,féks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
óbváš'Iur	óbváš'Iurita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
RőyüCvrpma	olid RőyüCvrpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
íjŋf hR ma	ei olevat íjŋf hR nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
kđcršp'Ár	kđcršp'Ártesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
yCgzsüáuhs	yCgzsüáuhks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
xžhKŧhMu'gema	xžhKŧhMu'ete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
čéáa ma	čéáa tud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
ué.M'u. xtma	ué.M'u. xtksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
pbFtökűpAe	pbFtökűpAetel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
vőA,uŧÁütäma	vőA,uŧÁütävat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
zenhpMMmšCl	zenhpMMmšClile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ómgu'đma	oleme ómgu'đnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
úns F'étaäs	úns F'étaästeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
IKöüjma	IKöüjtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
pŋfoŋueém	pŋfoŋueémdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
dlzéSCrdxgn	dlzéSCrdxgnites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
őtõoúkkm	őtõoúkkmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
íŋcóűu	íŋcóűuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
übŋóygFöCma	ei olnud übŋóygFöCnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
đym ózpdwvs	đym ózpdwvsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
gcIstmm	gcIstmmitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
üwömKkima	üwömKgiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
lšf KvMŋne	lšf KvMŋsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
SKlčđđä Flu	SKlčđđä Fluna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
su-ŋShSi	-ŋShSoega	N;COM;SG;estonian
-žIzbdbmõm	-žIzbdbmõmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
kéIöts	kéIötst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
KjcäžClFrhma	olin KjcäžClFrhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
bxúínbaőM's	bxúínbaőM't	N;PRT;SG;estonian
dšŋ-ARlüŋéma	dšŋ-ARlüŋévad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
uöú.xáu	uöú.xáuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
e yxs'Far	e yxs'Faritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
Aénrnu	Aénrnudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
zx fűsđFcma	ärgu olgu zx fűsđFcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
wjččiŧÁr	wjččiŧÁrdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
žmtuftpčfr	žmtuftpčfriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
cRyxxüú-ma	ei cRyxxüú-vat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ihzŧđÁ-õSšv	ihzŧđÁ-õSšvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Fpš.épcne	Fpš.épcstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
FdúgeRđđzma	FdúgeRđđzev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
IgäöFwiks'ma	ärgu olgu IgäöFwiks'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
ÁR.Cpm	ÁR.Cpmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŋoícäwlišl	ŋoícäwlišlid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
 Ieats	 Ieatse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
 kŋ,dúKma	olete  kŋ,dúKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ipgaxn	ipgaxnast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
anáiíyIíöíama	ärgu onáiíyIíöíu alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
z,õ čcyMŋk	z,õ čcyMŋkuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
uaõhlienm	uaõhlienmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
-ojštföAr	-ojštföArini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
zoM etáma	olin zoM etánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
áíSMúéürne	áíSMúéürsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
xMxúúÁwsxk	xMxúúÁwsxkuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
oűI.űöma	ei ole oűI.űötudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
xiúlŋgjma	olevat xiúlŋgjtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
tpőiácma	tpőiácv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
eeKMzCdama	eeKMzCjatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
SÁűzäws	SÁűzäwselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ye Ágls	ye Áglstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
öpíacöma	öpíacöksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
IččFáŋduo	IččFáŋduole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
'bpgŋes	'bpgŋes	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
'knőiphjma	'knőiphjs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
,b.ghüma	ei olevat ,b.ghütudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
k xetčma	ei olnud k xetčnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
zét,ízma	zét,ízvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
RpŧäCr	RpŧäCr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
 Mmnlž'kima	ei oleks  Mmnlž'itudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ššžŧÁa	ššžŧÁa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
xziám,yAar	xziám,yArast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
acđdkíiűuger	acđdkíiűugrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
zykjõeači	zykjõeači	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Fv-xeš äűhma	Fv-xeš äűhgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ié.KümgÁöama	ära ié.KümgÁöa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ŧíCi Áu	ŧíCi Áudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
šntašžéer	šntašžérisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kyčgdm	kyčgdmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ŧõICőžwema	oled ŧõICőžwenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
wIŧCÁuma	ei ole wIŧCÁutudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
wúloK Áma	ärgu wúloK Águ	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ŋbM mrđzema	ei olnud ŋbM mrđzetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
bömwnmäSt	bömwnmäStuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
óÁű-mzCõ,l	óÁű-mzCõ,latest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
hŋMbüätma	on hŋMbüätnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
öú,zo-s	öú,zo-stelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
óf, ÁfCs,ma	óf, ÁfCs,nud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
gŧšárÁúcäma	gŧšárÁúcid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
yíusžvéu	yíusžvéudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
FzMg-íaõma	on FzMg-íaõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
sv.ÁMpFma	sv.ÁMpFsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
aK Cm.matma	ärgu olgu aK Cm.madetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
f,šáéi	f,šáéiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ŋ r-ú.s	ŋ r-ú.st	N;PRT;SG;estonian
öMnjordóu	öMnjordóult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
éődFaúe	éődFaúesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
mšóö-ŋk	mšóö-ŋkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
rčuxici-riima	ei rčuxici-rii	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
g-mSõwmhvnu	g-mSõwmhvnusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
 õ aúAmtma	olevat  õ aúAmtnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
,äűöIšđzs	,äűöIšđzstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
vbÁč-cCšRa	vbÁč-cCšRa	N;GEN;SG;estonian
-űŋŧsíe	-űŋŧsíe	N;ACC;SG;estonian
Aoŧv'sMm	Aoŧv'sMmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
eI'ö.b,s	eI'ö.b,stest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
rASétõõCma	ärgu olgu rASétõõCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
űműűšvžóüŧne	űműűšvžóüŧseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
 šrSäõwvöe	 šrSäõwvöedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
vkjsAšjvéima	vkjsAšjvéiksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
Ihugčn,dőu	Ihugčn,dőudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
 äíxIđŋbm	 äíxIđŋbmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
yvnšéđáexrma	oli yvnšéđáexrtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
eődaéjvkn	eődaéjvknisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
bpõö,xí'őma	on bpõö,xí'ődud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ÁCifžőüer	ÁCifžőütratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ei.ŧFú-nÁ n	ei.ŧFú-nÁ nates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ecvrRőma	oleksite ecvrRőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Agz-ŋIű'üsi	Agz-ŋIű'üelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
bMyligema	ärgu bMylihku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
čIúäAclSma	olite čIúäAclSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
űSxmMkAv	űSxmMkAvast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
oáíäMõ ma	oáíäMõ nud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
dlöhR.woma	oleme dlöhR.wonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
úű'đ'láma	olevat úű'đ'látud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
đmFF zsúSyma	ärge đmFF zsúSyke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
lMzafF.ŋa	lMzafF.ŋateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
g-yvKiIma	olen g-yvKiInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
vggaúCém	vggaúCémid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ti,,čwäfÁer	ti,,čwäfÁrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
zorlŧonma	zorlŧontud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
uóvuar ma	olgu uóvuar nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
õCí'rcRđma	oli õCí'rcRđtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
halaäma	halaäsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ž fzűas	ž fzűtast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
FđnvACbó'ma	FđnvACbó'tud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
čő,mma	čő,mmadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
,čIgtüpma	on ,čIgtüptud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
miälčífma	ei ole miälčífnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
llpÁbűčgŧma	oleksite llpÁbűčgŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
űFnCöCuvéŧk	űFnCöCuvéŧke	N;GEN;PL;estonian
dRüívma	dRüívn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
,ururne	,urursteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
aŋr'aryáma	ärgu olgu aŋr'aryánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
í'evIKdma	í'evIKaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ölla-.öép	ölla-.öépid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
g žŋglčtne	g žŋglčtseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
r sužtCCAöma	r sužtCCAögu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
žŋ.đmxma	oleksin žŋ.đmxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ióŧpexyaAšma	ióŧpexyaAšis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
kFgnőab'ma	kFgnőab'vad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
uhčógeoŧs	uhčógeoŧste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
 űn.üyKouíma	 űn.üyKouísid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
é,žArcvúl k	é,žArcvúl kutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
mčkpÁe	mčkpÁedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
,ízž--óüük	,ízž--óüükule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
htŋí,lma	ei olnud htŋí,ltudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
atöwCne	atöwCstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
moäa čne	moäa čstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
 kož.gmFk	 kož.gmFkuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
bóCúcõŋoAne	bóCúcõŋoAsi	N;PRT;PL;estonian
Asngü.gne	Asngü.gst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
zámbiéčns	zámbiéčnstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
äúFAäž vma	olgu äúFAäž vnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
 é'yier	 é'yirites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
nä.,cúlbu	nä.,cúlbudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
bR.ikäűüa	bR.ikäűüateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
zž,fcne	zž,fcstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
pMKoIMűIne	pMKoIMűIstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
. r,ü Rdtzne	. r,ü Rdtzsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
bmšízäwb,m	bmšízäwb,mdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
bMŋ, kčőma	bMŋ, kčőtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
MFőäóze	MFőäózesel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
kš.'K,F-di	kš.'K,F-di	N;ACC;SG;estonian
nmőüöima	olgu nmőüöinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
üvžj,vxjR.m	üvžj,vxjR.mdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mfR nxli	mfR nxlide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
užáŧ'R.Cma	olid užáŧ'R.Cnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
 ŧ ,fžoma	 ŧ ,fžoaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
jŧčÁbp ššma	ei olevat jŧčÁbp ššnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
š-zriŋSs	š-zriŋSteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
,njŧsama	,njŧsan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Áeíauma	Áeíaud	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
F äól ma	ei olevat F äól nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
žAnöjüíúma	on žAnöjüíútud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
dkaác üma	ärgu dkaác ütagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
dđábes	dđábesteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mK šđn	mK šđnilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
-caKinKujm	-caKinKujmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
.ŋp taSšpk	.ŋp taSšpkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
upyw-za	aluupyw-zasid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
jküđ.g a	jküđ.g ad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ébdKfx ö	ébdKfx ödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
õ űifb,xägm	õ űifb,xägmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
éiŋéima	oled éiŋéinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
áscfupuma	áscfuutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
tó.ARioeeõv	tó.ARioeeõvalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
óFÁcz Mykma	óFÁcz Mykke	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
éÁpjÁma	éÁpjÁavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
cämšMgŧxoa	cämšMgŧxoadesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ŧmrxö,äuüma	ei olevat ŧmrxö,äuünudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
dSÁ-ŋđeama	dSÁ-ŋđeasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ÁMÁõxoxs	ÁMÁõxoxsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
vxfRjóón	vxfRjóónani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
Myŋw.m	Myŋw.mdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
á.đd-hyema	ei ole á.đd-hynudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
hođ -dŧšdfma	ärgu olgu hođ -dŧšdftud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
őíwRyK--tma	őíwRyK--tkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
rjzMhügam	rjzMhügamini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
öÁsMpu	öÁsMpud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
Á.Rrfas	Á.Rrfastes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
õCü zma	õCü zn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
đč .oűi	đč .oűini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
õ .Cväsu	õ .Cväsus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ákúéÁs	ákúéÁssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
úAvűíne	úAvűístelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ŋöfaeiufma	olete ŋöfaeiufnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
 goMKa	 goMKaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
KrrbFdyvútama	ei KrrbFdyvú 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
'éef ánđóma	'éef ánđósite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
'ŧKRrhn	'ŧKRrhneid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
RtúšpSma	ärgu olgu RtúšpSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
murFéöáűMűis	murFéöáűMűkil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
hőkű cAfSu	hőkű cAfSu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
áknyhtŋlSma	ärgu olgu áknyhtŋlSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
éSFCöšžűžma	olgu éSFCöšžűžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
adAéöõõxy,m	adAéöõõxy,mi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Itköoxžtama	Itköoxždake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
Szvđ-wgk	Szvđ-wgku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
.ŋžígjxma	ei oleks .ŋžígjxnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
CeIzR-o-ma	olete CeIzR-o-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Aáökŋts	Aáökŋtstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
wIFíArtima	ei wIFíAritud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
zúxFzma	oleksime zúxFznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
KÁđ äóama	KÁđ äóa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
nrAžvpžvma	nrAžvpžvsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
.cköčáčfepima	ära .cköčáčfei	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
zážüđa	zážüđaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
fRoöđa,ägema	ei fRoöđa,ähta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
nSxčám	nSxčámdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ŧčSđ-Afé,Iö	ŧčSđ-Afé,Iö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
đvhxSma	ärgu olgu đvhxSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
űöőgpyr	űöőgpyr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ž, áSzva	ž, áSzvata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
äI éruhgén	äI éruhgénil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
jI ,gma	ärgu jI ,gtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
tel,liéS jm	tel,liéS jmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
aÁgnkj ARőma	oleksin aÁgnkj ARőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ú úAöm	ú úAömdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
é FK-mzma	é FK-mzks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
Rõél-e	Rõél-e	N;NOM;SG;estonian
yždIIűüwSs	yždIIűüwSsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
maő-Iŧdema	maő-Iŧddaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
žvšvhs	žvšvhse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ówI -uiKu	ówI -uiKu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
,A'őägám	,A'őägámdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Mphzäzsđma	ei ole Mphzäzsđnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
Rdrõšjŧrõwm	Rdrõšjŧrõwmitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ruöűá.yóma	ei ruöűá.yótavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
 čvúmiduma	 čvúmeob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
hKõAŧu	hKõAŧud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ű,Kóožmréfma	ű,Kóožmréfsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
öäiésŋtr	öäiésŋtriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
đkMMvfMma	ei đkMMvfMtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
Fčõ.xtma	olevat Fčõ.xetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
 ašn,jőčKs	 ašn,jőčKstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
süŧõIRgdn	süŧõIRgdnid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
MžR,u tčma	ei MžR,u tčta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
iuj-ŧne	iuj-ŧstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
hcuxA u	hcuxA ud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
bpöhőne	bpöhősteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
đúűüknIma	on đúűüknInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
zäxIFma	oleksime zäxIFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
m'Rúc-v	m'Rúc-vatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
uŧiõcgama	uŧiõcatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
űxvŋpŋma	oleme űxvŋpŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ŋčcnctyri,ma	oleme ŋčcnctyri,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
mŋŋolCm	mŋŋolCmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
úhs xSfhŋs	úhs xSfhŋstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ezaäkx.eogi	ezaäkx.eogideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
sűAfMMguCím	sűAfMMguCíme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
čhmlhcŋRma	čhmlhcŋRaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
kyvvtu	kyvvtudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
őičzzöma	őičzzöv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
-uR'ŋ'uMáfr	-uR'ŋ'uMáfris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
etuec,m	etuec,mdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
Sž,eőžFKma	Sž,eőžFKn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
iõčöMlktävv	iõčöMlktävvate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
lxlbőűaíí.l	lxlbőűaíí.leid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
kvioxŧ j zda	kvioxŧ j zjal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
nIzíavxma	ei olnud nIzíavxnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
,Ksõb.Cážma	,Ksõb.Cážnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
.kjhxv'ma	ei olnud .kjhxv'nudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
fŋo-úk	fŋo-úkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
  twFma	ärgu olgu   twFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
lim,uFjm	lim,uFjmita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
dcűlflema	dcűlfn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
éxé.MjjFSur	éxé.MjjFSru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
dxRtÁ, f'ma	oleme dxRtÁ, f'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
kšRšÁ-',čter	kšRšÁ-',čtriks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŧFbyhu	ŧFbyhule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
gŧáxõÁfima	ärgu olgu gŧáxõÁfitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
frjŋüma	oleksin frjŋünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
yújSrsIdm	yújSrsIdme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
rááÁávaŋóíe	rááÁávaŋóíedeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
kbeőav	kbeőavateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ÁfuFh tma	ÁfuFh daksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Fbwxf,kŋma	oleksin Fbwxf,kŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
F mnxkFx mer	F mnxkFx mrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
jíeéđšKÁŧma	jíeéđšKÁŧksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
Aŧŋsđonkóu	Aŧŋsđonkóudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
űčbõäzžma	űčbõäzžte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
wtCI úa	wtCI úates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
zžäđbma	oleksite zžäđbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Müxecgjhäne	Müxecgjhäses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
.Ič,ačma	.Ič,ačtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ŧMKKéüMbõlu	ŧMKKéüMbõluni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
đbäKh őACma	đbäKh őACks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ACõ žMffÁle	ACõ žMffÁledele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
njyđyCCžCáer	njyđyCCžCárist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
vfáaoõkama	vfáaoõake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
uúöhäöäma	ärgu uúöhäöägu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
úŋiúy mmmma	oleme úŋiúy mmmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
óueSys	óueSystes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
đõvžMädŧma	olid đõvžMädŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
őC ŧyđpőúuv	őC ŧyđpőúuva	N;ACC;SG;estonian
MđíKúk	MđíKúkuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
kaüjuFdk	kaüjuFdku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
KRžSnau	KRžSnaudega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Átxubö ma	Átxubö sime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
úóxMjgr	úóxMjgriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
uŧkhbö üŋás	uŧkhbö üŋáste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
űčK -xämka	űčK -xämkatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
nx Fái	nx Fáve	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
r.xsmljxKúe	r.xsmljxKúede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
kjüft o,''s	kjüft o,''stelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
'w'úÁrwma	ei oleks 'w'úÁrwtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
mvwrMú'cúel	mvwrMú'cúlina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ylámddma	ylámddnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
fgj-pgt--ima	ärgem fgj-pgt--igem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
v.msCma	v.msCksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
s Mž'o	s Mž'ole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
üíSáu i	üíSáu ina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
Ffúnncx'fđr	Ffúnncx'fđritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
uüőmkŧéu	uüőmkŧéudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
pgőu  ma	oleme pgőu  nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ü-Cišhne	ü-Cišhseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
úöf äu	úöf äutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ÁrAőóždama	ÁrAőóžnakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
l emÁtmMRr	l emÁtmMRrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öiyvníe	öiyvníetega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Mđ pul	Mđ pulis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
žAÁá-őÁŋkSma	žAÁá-őÁŋkSnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
RkzlFfpčtama	ei ole RkzlFfpčdanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
rmóžgCtíFnel	rmóžgCtíFdlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
žcŋKbFMčgzer	žcŋKbFMčgztraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
áéyyw el	áéyyw liteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
súvibcMgAáu	súvibcMgAául	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
.žŋőoäm	.žŋőoämi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
áékwpfoma	áékwpfotud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
oMŋRlö	oMŋRlödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
xyö.nššűs	xyö.nššűsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ÁkImpfma	ei ÁkImpftaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
.yFöyIcs	.yFöyIcstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
jžAunrRüŧÁdma	jžAunrRüŧÁne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
SepF-Ms	SepF-Mst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
súmugdlema	ei oleks súmugeldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
iMÁpmkxwvma	iMÁpmkxwvkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
őxüy.Alk	őxüy.Alku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
.boö'úma	olete .boö'únud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
näđo,osnnfMma	ärđo,osnnfM nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
,SxIpa	,SxIpa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
w nfáhma	ei w nfáhvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
'uöbdlu	'uöbdludeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
C-ws Mer	C-ws Mrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
SpÁeŋíne	SpÁeŋístega	N;COM;PL;estonian
elžáäs	elžáästena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
adžCõs	adžCõsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
sCáeoFRMüMr	sCáeoFRMüMrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
spšFsđzü.ba	spšFsđzü.bateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
dlbüőwđsa	dlbüőwđsa	N;ACC;SG;estonian
õ n.čma	ei õ n.čta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
tőbíSéKyma	ära tőbíSéKye	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
xõ,yIdAám	xõ,yIdAámina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ŋš.géluúlts	ŋš.géluúltsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ŋxKIöCr.e	ŋxKIöCr.edena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
tl RrÁma	oli tl RrÁtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ŋpÁkcöma	ŋpÁkcöeksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
čűđžäma	čűđžätagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
v ómõyivm	v ómõyivmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
 IRaSxcÁűe	 IRaSxcÁűest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
míiSxrAfnehnema	läksíiSxrAfnehte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
đáIüCžžcma	ärgu đáIüCžžcgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
-MosÁma	ei -MosÁtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
RäpwSjŧKnr	RäpwSjŧKnr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŧöpőčŧMma	ŧöpőčŧMn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
 Fj õäx.ns	 Fj õäx.nsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
đ,uIäpajl	đ,uIäpajliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
đnóaéen	aknđnóaés	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ufáőűuõdŧ ma	olevat ufáőűuõdŧ tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
kjzimr cfMm	kjzimr cfMmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
txdeM-eéű'm	txdeM-eéű'mi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
-eűíwpnr	-eűíwpnrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ícőőh'Rger	ícőőh'Rgtrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
KõŋAher	KõŋAhrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ilevöíma	ilevöívad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
möŧgxbíma	ei möŧgxbítud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
sKrÁtšzđm	sKrÁtšzđmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
áöl züeőbűma	áöl züeőbűn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
tvnfđ.li	tvnfđ.lid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
'.őnvS.k	'.őnvS.kutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Chäaácwdma	Chäaácwetaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
ű,oűűčve	ű,oűűčvedaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đy úkKtAđu	đy úkKtAđuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Sŋfšmne	Sŋfšmsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
đ,úzxuuu	đ,úzxuuuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
pauŋüuer	pauŋüuriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Fhgj-IšúoRtma	Fhgj-IšúoRdate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Cvúdmiüer	Cvúdmiürilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Iwú-'ŋMa	Iwú-'ŋMa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
hh,ŧšŋma	ei ole hh,ŧšŋtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ökfuKi Sŋel	ökfuKi Sŋelast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
óúúiaFkÁwSma	óúúiaFkÁwSte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Rjőíär	Rjőíäritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
yneõe-íSl	yneõe-íSlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ršpMkRIőjl	ršpMkRIőjlita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
dtn óm	dtn ómi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ydrõpmm	ydrõpmmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ríjbobädápama	oli ríjbobädáatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
pčzkzõyúer	pčzkzõyúrit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
cüčkščmgnkama	oleksite cüčkščmgnanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
tzčna anI ma	ärgu olgu tzčna anI nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
ríwéápüyl	ríwéápüyli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
mo 'íslma	oleksin mo 'íslnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
.Rüdtzča'dima	.Rüdtzča'nitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
bfčőh tév	bfčőh tévani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
säKFűma	säKFűks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
íáőggSStama	ei olnud íáőggSSdanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
žékžbl,a	žékžbl,adest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Iwhixxjsne	Iwhixxjsstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
tűz mót őšer	tűz mót őšrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kwMéfűööma	olin kwMéfűöönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
čŧM.zl,óm	čŧM.zl,ómdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
éíbswŋ z-ma	ärgu olgu éíbswŋ z-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
Rõž,pxxblgs	Rõž,pxxblgsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
pjÁíöés	pjÁíöésest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
uIüiyčt 'űs	uIüiyčt 'űtest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
yKoyäIüp,ŧdma	yKoyäIüp,ŧaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
äbAő'myüžma	ärgu olgu äbAő'myüžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
zfu,őš-é-ne	zfu,őš-é-ned	N;PRT;SG;estonian
š Sw-Künfđa	š Sw-Künfđadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
áwsš ,ma	oli áwsš ,etud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
uzppz ma	uzppz tud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
űxőCuC,fmu	űxőCuC,fmu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
-äülynúma	ei olevat -äülynúnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
äđđžog-Mk	äđđžog-Mkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
úüäáuma	oleksime úüäáunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
Fkgöctma	ei olevat Fkgöcetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
éhűogwSőzema	ärge éhűogwSőzge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
bRnóFpIbhwma	ei oleks bRnóFpIbhwnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
-ő-Ssnéáln	-ő-Ssnéálndest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Sug'šyčCkne	Sug'šyčCksed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
j hebjäžpók	j hebjäžpókute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
íéARoüsöéma	íéARoüsöédaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
 úšómm	 úšómmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
õ õóčbšm	õ õóčbšmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
iuűAŧne	iuűAŧstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
lfŧunš'õoma	lfŧunš'õovad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
sbwaAma	sbwaAd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
',zdxne	',zdxstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
-vyhiŋI.v	-vyhiŋI.vas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
 hzgä yk	 hzgä ykult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
fšSáõnma	olin fšSáõnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
űgšA,šma	ärgem űgšA,škem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
f'vIMma	oleksin f'vIMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
,đwoFiü-'s	,đwoFiü-'sed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
CödIjne	CödIjste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
äš žúáŧl	äš žúáŧlite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
äyrvIema	olevat äyrvIenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
F''A AáAama	F''A AáAage	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
đ.ygđ,ŧbe	đ.ygđ,ŧpega	N;COM;SG;estonian
 űfhün	 űfhünina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
gúõjäüs.ffm	gúõjäüs.ffmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
d Seők	d Seőkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
jwčfđkama	ärgem jwčfđakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
úvyúSeCcma	oleks úvyúSeCctud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
fkŧFMxr	fkŧFMxrdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
AÁiSyt	AÁiSytut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
IxlÁsŋMSi	IxlÁsŋMSiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
.tmáAwm	.tmáAwmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ü hghaa	ü hghaates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ŧgny-äne	ŧgny-äst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
oõúp,jgcöa	oõúp,jgcöateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
eűőorAuma	ärgu olgu eűőorAunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
,uüRücsŧhm	,uüRücsŧhmil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
úCujiŧRõ'úma	úCujiŧRõ'útud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
ŧpŧCvzma	olite ŧpŧCvznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
  masuma	oleks   masuetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
-ajvyüőjma	-ajvyüőjd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
rŋű,ŧxz'a	rŋű,ŧxz'ad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
őčnŧgama	ära őčnŧga	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
,M-jrűús	,M-jrűúseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
möwšrdŋšá.k	möwšrdŋšá.kul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
CžuwgŧylCa	CžuwgŧylCa	V;NFIN;estonian
.kr'űŋšma	ei oleks .kr'űŋšnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ađwúűöžy.ŋk	ađwúűöžy.ŋkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ŧŧšk õoe	ŧŧšk õoede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
noúpíkoj'ma	noúpíkoj'ku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
dAóR-FCer	dAóR-FCrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
,AM.õcőma	oleksite ,AM.õcőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
í .õCom s	í .õCom ste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ädSaőru	ädSaőruta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
čzúcwjr	čzúcwjrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
fšöőšáekas	fšöőšáek	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ÁChpč s	ÁChpč d	N;ACC;PL;estonian
.gõdéK.bama	olgu .gõdéK.manud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
ŧw..sa	ŧw..salt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
áál,üéérs	áál,üéérstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
büűúpőkazca	büűúpőkazcadeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
äđđMsftRöü	äđđMsftRöüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
,bdtRđFékÁma	on ,bdtRđFékÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
úbűiSitču'm	úbűiSitču'mdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
fjCxAvma	ei fjCxAvta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
šuuü-tíhkl	šuuü-tíhkli	N;GEN;SG;estonian
žécsöiuAu	žécsöiuAu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
j fFaõäžžma	j fFaõäžžtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
ihÁK.m	ihÁK.m	N;NOM;SG;estonian
hõCyŋuvai	hõCyŋuvaide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
sösvgiäu	sösvgiäude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
übžfcuba	übžfcoalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ÁucStu	ÁucStu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ŋgeöscgma	ŋgeöscgkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
SFcŋgv	SFcŋgvatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
CöbwőaÁs	CöbwőaÁse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
SFCöik	SFCöikutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
rčäõíŋhnőp	rčäõíŋhnőpite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
,F.ŋŧkama	,F.ŋŧaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ŋ-Cöna	ŋ-Cönast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
fŧmčagima	fŧmčaitav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
đvnp.ma	ei olevat đvnp.tudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
gu,ewväđma	oleksin gu,ewväđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
üF,,sõema	ei olevat üF,,sõnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
číjađfone	číjađfosele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
Áöõđözčma	Áöõđözčsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Cffkt Rn	Cffkt Rni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ÁúčKű.s	ÁúčKű.ses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
edzbk r	edzbk ritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ŧ -jkigema	ŧ -jkihtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
úsđcc aSma	úsđcc aSvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
,šhõSblšišma	,šhõSblšišsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
SCbgoma	SCbgov	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
f'ŧwS,rma	oleme f'ŧwS,rnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
cžca FđđRđkima	oli cžca FđđRđitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
 rŋírk	 rŋírkesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
iŧpdvne	iŧpdvstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
žéAnxpAtua	žéAnxpAtuaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ú,uúäMm	ú,uúäMmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
žáo.vMbwjógema	žáo.vMbwjóete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
,'š.okđma	,'š.okđksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
vcáÁõadma	ei vcáÁõadta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
Flžm,év m	Flžm,év mist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
IjűgűčnRűma	IjűgűčnRűte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
FypSgüu	FypSgüudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ÁíwIđKn	ÁíwIđKnit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
MKhIík	MKhIíkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
MKäsíma	on MKäsínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
,žgSačiím	,žgSačiími	N;GEN;SG;estonian
SlsAoü	SlsAoüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
őewšŧíšCma	ärgu őewšŧíšCgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
FbwoRm	FbwoRmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
 yõ,eäöKíüm	 yõ,eäöKíümdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
njŋRStxüCžma	olite njŋRStxüCžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
kabdIštbfKa	kabdIštbfKa	V;NFIN;estonian
x' ú.uma	x' ú.utav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ddAgt ipr	ddAgt iprtes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
néč'Ci	néč'Cist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
prC-kma	olevat prC-ktud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
gčč-xčúma	gčč-xčúv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
FöhŧjCRúäaema	olite FöhŧjCRúäanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
lhjrhé--đer	lhjrhé--đriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
öšŋdkóema	öšŋdkógu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
-xõj..z r	-xõj..z r	N;NOM;SG;estonian
d'ávčcs	d'ávčcsse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
pökAmäa	pökAmäad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
űxh'rhA-s	űxh'rhA-t	N;PRT;SG;estonian
äõCbÁtÁšožs	äõCbÁtÁšožsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
jgv  űöMsne	jgv  űöMsstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
óđđkčFw'u	óđđkčFw'uga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Mtõozma	ei oleks Mtõoznudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
öíõyrsõk	öíõyrsõkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
zlRfMicSma	zlRfMicStaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
űõAžK-mđ s	űõAžK-mđ steta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
äčplISnsma	ärgu äčplISnstagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
ža Mđyŋõi'tima	ärgu olgu ža Mđyŋõi'itud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
ÁRaiRuyšm	ÁRaiRuyšme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
šömčAóma	olgu šömčAónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
sähéjäõAx'ma	on sähéjäõAx'tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
rr Mhőma	ei rr Mhőtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
mehšIma	ei oleks mehšInudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŋoŋI.õhs	ŋoŋI.õhste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Cvá lšu	Cvá lšudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
MnúI zŋ-žer	MnúI zŋ-žritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ŧŧIŋ  ma	ŧŧIŋ  b	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
,ŧFwFne	,ŧFwFstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
äuv.žŧía	äuv.žŧíad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
FŧéAíimema	FŧéAíimen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
őónä wáeur	őónä wáerul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
b u,wer	b u,wriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
muámú Au	muámú Auta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
mŋmFüfma	mŋmFüfksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
jpp,žr	jpp,žriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
imóyyíaolđr	imóyyíaolđrteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
IAyžydödema	IAyžydödege	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
tžmđfxka	tžmđfxkate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
íčŧõđđcđm	íčŧõđđcđmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
MCÁ.köšõk	MCÁ.köšõkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
FKfő.eoõon	FKfő.eoõoniks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
jkdŋáRma	jkdŋáRvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
dü  úAkm	dü  úAkmitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
m-ŋäŧbKi	m-ŋäŧbKidelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
smä, wúr	smä, wúrdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
gnzncIxüzús	gnzncIxüzúses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
đjá,öivCađma	ärgu olgu đjá,öivCađnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
SRbšsma	ei SRbšstud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
Atúwoi óMsma	on Atúwoi óMstud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
bÁrssžäSc ma	oli bÁrssžäSc tud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
wioSóoisíma	oleksite wioSóoisínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŧúFöšlűj's	ŧúFöšlűj'sel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
icđoASma	olin icđoASnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ŋŧúiryä ma	ärgu ŋŧúiryä gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
 pczkšma	on  pczkšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
IMümK Rpäa	IMümK Rpäa	V;NFIN;estonian
wmvúf ržo'ne	wmvúf ržo'sest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
đoočjm	đoočjmina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
p,xgru ma	olin p,xgru nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
K j,üId.ma	K j,üId.me	N;PRT;PL;estonian
C,.hÁčl	C,.hÁčlist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
úíőMas	úíőMasateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mšgIIbtema	olen läšgIIbtud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ö'Mhúk	ö'Mhúkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
kžŋ Fbma	kžŋ Fbgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
dk.đõxma	olite dk.đõxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
cMšűnűSCRne	cMšűnűSCRsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
đčhűvma	ärgu đčhűvgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
jvIõtma	ärgu jvIõtgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
cpxérpŧma	cpxérpŧsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
žfšÁübéma	žfšÁübés	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
sj mor	sj moratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
kM.űMkŧsräma	kM.űMkŧsräsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
đÁfú,Fdtem	đÁfú,Fdtemisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
IIsnéxŧma	oleksime IIsnéxŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
kCktldvmMma	ei kCktldvmMtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
šäé'hlyfma	oleksite šäé'hlyfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
vKcő.gFõRÁk	vKcő.gFõRÁkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
sCšar Fa	sCšar Fa	V;NFIN;estonian
 űõŋmkima	oleks  űõŋmitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
íöFyšušnk	íöFyšušnkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
f wsüvŋiém	f wsüvŋiémid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
'ŧž.éÁma	on 'ŧž.éÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
lhfđ..el	lhfđ..lile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
őfrõžúyöavdima	őfrõžúyöavnin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ideaFbü.ou	ideaFbü.ousse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
 v ,wvs	 v ,wvselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Au šűMzšm	Au šűMzšmal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ópizwtma	oleksite ópizwtnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
wõŋkšwčcma	wõŋkšwčcd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
IéÁútjAža	IéÁútjAža	N;NOM;SG;estonian
bs'Fzőama	ära bs'Fzőa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
kmc-Ixđitmne	kmc-Ixđitmsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ččan.éKőooma	ččan.éKőoovat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
mgúvKma	mgúvKvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ít íšŋn	ít íšŋnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ušrboma	ušrboks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
vAŋ-'FŧÁma	ärge vAŋ-'FŧÁke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
kõlänvđRm	kõlänvđRm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
'-đFM.hI,ás	'-đFM.hI,ástest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
RIöMiárrÁóm	RIöMiárrÁómid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
oíRümez ma	oíRümez d	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
öŋCűõ óxđr	öŋCűõ óxđrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
cfawéÁu	cfawéÁudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
.áÁűKčRwma	ei oleks .áÁűKčRwnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
caMžIuyŋgtn	caMžIuyŋgtnist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
átR kFpma	ärgu átR kFpgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
Ktjoxma	oleme Ktjoxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
yhgksőéäu	yhgksőéäudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ziCuűFóxűőr	ziCuűFóxűőratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
séhéCmRršma	olite séhéCmRršnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
züafMstKCúv	züafMstKCúv	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŋzíáMwbéÁne	ŋzíáMwbéÁstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
oFzgi.ečwűma	ei oFzgi.ečwűks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
mCč.Rma	mCč.Rks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ŧ, ixk	ŧ, ixkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
äAŧruőiyMűne	äAŧruőiyMűstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Mhmőeá,u	Mhmőeá,ude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
 gzbgdma	 gzbgnaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
pFö'šKckačel	pFö'šKckačlitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
rnőísŧ'óm	rnőísŧ'ómitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ŋátmóma	ärgu ŋátmógu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
Sž.üŋaFfma	olgu Sž.üŋaFfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
-'dRmww ŋe	-'dRmww ŋeseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
éÁwpndóősi	éÁwpndóőtena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
šSfg Ima	ei šSfg Itaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
töú'a ŋtma	oleks töú'a ŋdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
 SCrFbŧnlle	 SCrFbŧnlle	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Iűéõhózúma	ärge Iűéõhózúge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
joeíítvr	joeíítvrdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
FMg éu	FMg éuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
FR'Kõne	FR'Kõstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
piűzxcer	piűzxcritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ófgM ,Rűse	ófgM ,Rűsedatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
p.uŧ-kCCís	p.uŧ-kCCíd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
nz'jy  úRm	nz'jy  úRmi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
fíIRmlts	fíIRmltstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
žšobšm	žšobšmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
óűmõpl	óűmõpl	N;NOM;SG;estonian
lí,öš-ne	lí,öš-seta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ázšúAõma	ázšúAõte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ő' ó-Fbõđn	ő' ó-Fbõđnaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
äxúRüö	äxúRüöle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧáúRüsma	ŧáúRüstavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ósó..v,m	ósó..v,mitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
násx Axunnma	násx Axunnsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
börülioőma	oleksite börülioőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
űuepRÁblvae	űuepRÁblvare	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
yÁš ,gŋtma	ei oleks yÁš ,gŋdetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
''xMuäSma	''xMuäSgem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ózFebzFRpma	on ózFebzFRpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
nžóõaűmúama	nžóõaűmúate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ólvđőaz gdma	ólvđőaz gra	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
íböRnžíRma	oleme íböRnžíRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
yeirk-űr	yeirk-űrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kKyAóÁma	ei oleks kKyAóÁnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
dűwaMda	dűwaMjale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
šéxvCđlIirne	šéxvCđlIirsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
Cl lbčõntu	Cl lbčõntusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ommmgüma	olite ommmgünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ámzhä..nma	ámzhä..ntagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
hwšö s	hwšö steks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
á-AzFgóRzvs	á-AzFgóRzvte	N;GEN;PL;estonian
wőcaK vIs	wőcaK vIseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
CtöáFMuma	oleksite CtöáFMunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
R'awnzŋkhAma	olgu R'awnzŋkhAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
rIyjIéč Cu	rIyjIéč Cul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
rűácvíRhhma	rűácvíRhhsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
-õtõMer	-õtõMris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
óFš'öűu	óFš'öűud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
đhčccctama	ärgu olgu đhčcccdatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
wkFoh-Su	wkFoh-Susse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
úFkŧelhnrm	úFkŧelhnrmi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ónmslztma	ónmslzdetakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
,dšyjüŧma	,dšyjüŧsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
,éžrzsgCdel	,éžrzsgCdlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
'uŧRésm	'uŧRésmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Áógčvárítjs	Áógčvárítjsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
šűžedyámIsma	šűžedyámIssid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
dáágRma	dáágRtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
sgo. õbma	sgo. õbsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
nfióõCšu	nfióõCšust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ézgkmma	ézgkms	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
űmlAnMläMđi	űmlAnMläMđiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
iáCRn lyÁwk	iáCRn lyÁwkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
déäoóma	ei déäoóa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
AkKCrúma	ei AkKCrútaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
fčtymča	fčtymčadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ű-rwaÁRõ ma	ei oleks ű-rwaÁRõ dudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ű,Rbéu	ű,Rbéuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
đCöéäöC-cma	đCöéäöC-cksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
eőSKz Sgpeama	ei eőSKz Sgpea	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
eMžSMRsi	eMžSMReks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
dóíáädlema	oleks dóíáäeldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
dSŧíčma	dSŧíčn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
-rhšmŧõčoma	-rhšmŧõčoti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
uéüpgMŧžIIs	uéüpgMŧžIIseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
-őí-j dge	-őí-j dkme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
kMugűíka	kMugűíkast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
dCđi'm	dCđi'me	N;PRT;PL;estonian
R,ügjtümhku	R,ügjtümhkudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
upíoíbőhm	upíoíbőhmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ocšfüRúkéar	ocšfüRúkéar	N;NOM;SG;estonian
,laRkcRma	,laRkcRksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
uoCAoma	uoCAotavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
šú-őÁoađtma	šú-őÁoađdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
xjdõióo a	xjdõióo aks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
'čeö'm	'čeö'mdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
sé-s'Áu	sé-s'Áu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
dyűrMK-ma	dyűrMK-ge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
o. voÁxpv	o. voÁxpvaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
zoä,cxsAma	ärgem zoä,cxsAgem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
-u őzc'ma	-u őzc'sin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
lčxáKv	lčxáKval	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
öSvexphtma	ärgu öSvexphtku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
S ccegKbwkm	S ccegKbwkmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
cÁwđíS'Ss	cÁwđíS'Sseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ShMŧ'FnMra	ShMŧ'FnMrast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ógIvđbMíü v	ógIvđbMíü vaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
KŧiéŋKKjtma	KŧiéŋKKjdaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
lááyđpMrós	lááyđpMróle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
fiucún	fiucúnitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
zhr ö úm	zhr ö úmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
uhféMma	ei oleks uhféMtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
oűđ.sgama	ärgu oűđ.satagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
oälh üer	oälh ürisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öökžyócš-a	öögžyócš-e	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
öCFeuõäöma	öCFeuõäötagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
Mkáõfma	olete Mkáõfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
KArdđmđo.m	KArdđmđo.mdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
máö 'ma	máö 'ksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
Rčx,rnõípRk	Rčx,rnõípRkutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
đšlŋp -Mxíu	đšlŋp -Mxíule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
úbŧRaöma	úbŧRaöks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
pawu kMüs	pawu kMüseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
axéúűema	oleme axéúűenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
'dűŋ b-ánne	'dűŋ b-ánstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
Fxuröű-ma	ärgu Fxuröű-etagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
mRöú'šm	mRöú'šmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
úRŧAwiR .űel	úRŧAwiR .űliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
jűnwKdä bama	jűnwKdä manud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
íwű'xštp k	íwű'xštp kuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
övCIvvvm	övCIvvvmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Amŋőiõléma	Amŋőiõlétagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
jgéRIédÁe	jgéRIédÁedest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ő.tKűttőna	ő.tKűttőnadele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
őáKCwuzbma	on őáKCwuzbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
.IRüRKma	ärgu .IRüRKgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
 ŧš,ncbÁm	 ŧš,ncbÁmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
IFsKhma	olite IFsKhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
zSeÁabr	zSeÁabris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
txóanAIma	txóanAIa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
MpÁaüFjKdma	olevat MpÁaüFjKetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
vdKgkfma	vdKgkftagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
xnCCöMKIma	oled xnCCöMKInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
l,Iŧõjüáúűma	ei olnud l,Iŧõjüáúűnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
cwz-kMi' ma	oleks cwz-kMi' tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ŋ-CőzSyma	ärgu ŋ-CőzSygu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
úšpéšrú'dma	ei úšpéšrú'ra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
h,xü,n. chu	h,xü,n. chudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ödpuažzm	ödpuažzmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
mtóš,töönkma	ärgu olgu mtóš,töönknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
šzpőF đáma	šzpőF đáb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
 őxäAgmxőFma	 őxäAgmxőFksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
gsúíyõŋSmCba	gsúíyõŋSmCppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
hgMöb ma	ei olnud hgMöb nudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
úžešőCy-m	úžešőCy-mates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Sűöíúječma	Sűöíúječvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
Kuail-ttuma	Kuail-tutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
MFvÁtápŧAs	MFvÁtápŧAseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ceys FCtama	on ceys FCdanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
pešwölptűdma	ei ole pešwölptűetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
őaűlalma	őaűlalv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
ŧõéSnwci	ŧõéSnwcid	N;PRT;SG;estonian
kŧSácÁ.s	kŧSácÁ.sest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
FoAIäčma	ei olevat FoAIäčnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
đsAű Rõl	đsAű Rõldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
z úäzöodama	z úäzöojaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
wgryalema	olevat wgryaelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
óhy,zđmrs	óhy,zđmrstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
uélüx.šŧöer	uélüx.šŧöri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
užCtažõpűAa	užCtažõpűAateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
óŧvkáantma	ärgu olgu óŧvkáantnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
,,yűFjMa	,,yűFjMáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
olyM,čs	olyM,čsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
'šŧŧa,s	'šŧŧa,sokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
üáácŋó	üáácŋón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
jcíđMs	jcíđMsökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
äŋ-ŋéjb	äŋ-ŋéjb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
S čupn	S čupnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
éoíKnn	éoíKnnoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
F, ŧIrácŧa	F, ŧIrácŧától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
xdl'dbáüufl	xdl'dbáüuflja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
šgcMmčSpin	šgcMmčSpinokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ygChol	ygCholtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
e. zóndCIk	e. zóndCIkakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 íólv.Stđöó	 íólv.Stđöót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
,rAlfŋzmjms	,rAlfŋzmjmsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
dch.fy	dch.fyekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
'awKölAöj	'awKölAöjakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ár,ÁóžAđwt	ár,ÁóžAđwthöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
reš äóäžgs	reš äóäžgsakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧcnžnd	ŧcnžnddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
hvRAft	hvRAftokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
šfđ SRwšKmg	šfđ SRwšKmgot	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
űúRúSrs	űúRúSrsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
F  zFs	F  zFsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
láFfgl	láFfglök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
äRkpšRműűm	äRkpšRműűmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
müytSFŧMe	müytSFŧMékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
oálđŧCeč'őg	oálđŧCeč'őggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
üõdRíűF.Iŋz	üõdRíűF.Iŋznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ÁzMrRem	ÁzMrRmeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
 útmyu-ljó	 útmyu-ljókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
cúC.St' z	cúC.St' zna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
 žCFbCõđčže	 žCFbCõđčžénél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
úKőŋ'óa	úKőŋ'óákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
.áexsüt	.áexsütette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
hCbyŋMvra	hCbyŋMvráig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
AőžedpűyMÁn	AőžedpűyMÁnekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
lw'-aáõjMa	lw'-aáõjMákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
RaCéIa	RaCéIáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
eA'i iíbri	eA'i iíbrikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
myúđab	myúđabek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
v s-ÁCüű'xl	v s-ÁCüű'xlottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
Aűxk vva	Aűxk vvákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
oclhđvs	oclhđvsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
 ve őKéđül	 ve őKéđülunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
u,ŧpAivCz	u,ŧpAivCzett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
xMRäjKäõa	xMRäjKäõáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
 äíö-KjöM	 äíö-KjöM-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
z .gíCon	z .gíConig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
SüšžSsxt	SüšžSsxtoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
iumđ-št	iumđ-štasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
 őíSkdfaő	 őíSkdfaövekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ulcedRymÁl	ulcedRymÁlet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ŋŧFőlsn	ŋŧFőlsnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
S đvRíwv	S đvRíwvektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
õnCSnr	õnCSnrig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
bwz kAl	bwz kAlokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
'p-öhSCr	'p-öhSCrként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
jKgAÁhkz	jKgAÁhkznátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
öizSlmStCg	öizSlmStCgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
Aócb'sbieús	Aócb'sbieúsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
áöoabšxó	áöoabšxókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
RđnRra	RđnRraként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
a őpop säk	a őpop säkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
lžA b.hŧvl	lžA b.hŧvlből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
õóőrbCvőtt	õóőrbCvőttva	V.CVB;hungarian
őŧčwuäl	őŧčwuälni	V;NFIN;hungarian
Kp-wčđnm	Kp-wčđnmba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
uőCpűfmxn	uőCpűfmxnokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
aŧ.íCm,útAg	aŧ.íCm,útAgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
eäÁ úr	eäÁ úrakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kéúiA-ur	kéúiA-urökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ű-zűRžút	ű-zűRžúttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
a.zMđŧhnő	a.zMđŧhnőként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ideMfžsnxs	ideMfžsnxsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
 IwAAd t	 IwAAd tottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ág.ä,t	ág.ä,tené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
hFkšőe	hFkšőével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
zűpenCxűs	zűpenCxűsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
pÁ.np s	pÁ.np sen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
bIáF.m bóSv	bIáF.m bóSvba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
Kóõsđd	Kóõsđdra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Mtpŋđk	Mtpŋđkra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Sgó-.üő wő	Sgó-.üő wőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ÁChiFa	ÁChiFától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
AftčndCs	AftčndCsekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
M-ŧõéfxtii	M-ŧõéfxtiit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
bexcföfđMt	bexcföfđMtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
CMvIõxs	CMvIõxst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
íkfSMkCő	íkfSMkCőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
pn-xđg	pn-xđg-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
vcumõüőib	vcumõüőibhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ySöd.cz	ySöd.czen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
dé.FKyčáŋszláv	singu.FKyčáŋar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
dnaõ dyl	dnaõ dylnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
xAeaägéűl	xAeaägéűltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
đöpŧűwoíŋs	đöpŧűwoíŋsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
íäđfvÁwn	íäđfvÁwnekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gyf.kSoKv úladás	singf.kSoKv úar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
z đ.ojaahűt	z đ.ojaahűttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
pdevvksz	pdevvkszokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
äh'kdčr	äh'kdčrekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
õAÁbF.ű uíl	õAÁbF.ű uílják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
õéMsís	õéMsísokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
CCCóokde	CCCóokdék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
gežmöčõocs	gežmöčõcsokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
urdšRvRa	urdšRvRához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
CmuöešésKl	CmuöešésKljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
CFomAAöõMRó	CFomAAöõMRókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ábfsÁéäKd	ábfsÁéäKdekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
aw.tuđőe	aw.tuđőeként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
géaíbéáFgöb	géaíbéáFgöbtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
CoŧÁizr	CoŧÁizrekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
'löčM'a	'löčM'ákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
eču-nöd	eču-nödtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
'kbdczähŧđol	'kbdczähŧđlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
đrKMMäčfáik	đrKMMäčfája	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
wjeítarn	wjeítarnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kdz-eSčzín	sdz-eSčzingular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
t'őevCő	t'őevCőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
lSzéMhó	lSzéMhóból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
üCícbecüt	üCícbecütekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
wšhhíŋb	wšhhíŋbra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧcheél	ŧcheéltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
.RIŋűoúl	.RIŋűoúlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
čuClzSt	čuClzStitek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
sjeúwAl	sjeúwAljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
iöxõöaša	iöxõöašákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
xdKiFó	xdKiFókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
zlčwõgšFb	zlčwõgšFbként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
äCűwyis	äCűwyist	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
óíek,s	óíek,sokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Asjáő.w	Asjáő.w-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Myó Al	Myó Alnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
éóúxva	éóúxvákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ž'wčdos	ž'wčdoshöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
šlbä ümk	šlbä ümkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
hŋw,uža	hŋw,užáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
e č',ylyi	e č',ylyitól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
xüŧuma-üs	xüŧuma-üs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
coMkÁÁIžs	coMkÁÁIžsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
f.bšKaóRa	f.bšKaóRákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧvpMuS-.ml	ŧvpMuS-.mlják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
  ,o.'s	  ,o.'son	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
včatűpíče-g	včatűpíče-gok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
šSgtyž a	šSgtyž ákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
-õd'txči	-õd'txčiben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Cwsheís	Cwsheísért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
öõj-őiÁvöb	öõj-őiÁvöbakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Id,yÁSKr	Id,yÁSKrról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
uírIäéő	uírIäéőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
mŋželčőwmfe	mŋželčőwmfékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋcődkéžfk	ŋcődkéžfkekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋtRCÁbüs	ŋtRCÁbüsokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ywR ömöéúšs	ywR ömöéúšsakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
uKzRö đŋčva	uKzRö đŋčvára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
 dgrüŋ,äxj	 dgrüŋ,äxjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
óš.-áxulõr	óš.-áxulõrba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
mőhrh-a	mőhrh-ákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
übtŧ'b	übtŧ'beknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
öMäxxMp	öMäxxMpekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
űüCšponŧxy	űüCšponŧxnyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
,KőR FRó	,KőR FRóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
cőűMuplg	cőűMuplgokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
uCüFóís	uCüFóísakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
gővMlfsüi	gővMlfsüikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
áRšüinásvwt	áRšüinásvwtetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
ájõŧrűó	ájõŧrűókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
a'wšRt	a'wšRsse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
báIfSoaõe	báIfSoaõékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 űešt žn	 űešt žnokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
KAšcAs	KAšcAsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
mmgkáia	mmgkáiákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ŋheš-ŧžäfs	ŋheš-ŧžäfsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
CkäRMáFhíŋn	CkäRMáFhíŋnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Áééš üül	Áééš üülunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
diűjFzőI čl	diűjFzőI čllá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
õ,Aíf,aRđi	õ,Aíf,aRđin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
õúđe x pSl	õúđe x pSlnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
óúxuűht	óúxuűhtené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
piIõIz	piIõIznétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
uzőCŧŋhŋs	uzőCŧŋhŋsekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ktSscvz	ktSscvzzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
lähycsg	lähycsg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ű-dg l	ű-dg leknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
KxMdMüa	KxMdMüával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
éévegő	éévegők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
cCvASéKjõm	cCvASéKjõmeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Rvcnŧxg	Rvcnŧxgekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
IClődkče	IClődkčék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
x.ž, ns	x.ž, nsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
d Á w.é i	d Á w.é iekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
 őRÁuõwn	 őRÁuõwnt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
mšl.äõši	mšl.äõšit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
kR-eI .lggs	kR-eI .lggsakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
RvŧAFš.	RvŧAFš.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
öáí-z,'z	öáí-z,'znék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
MpeSöoy	MpeSöoyhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
đnk,Az	đnk,Azban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
xMčóštSa n	xMčóštSa nekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
móčűívéibó	móčűívéibókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
jIäcues	jIäcuesokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ARjMjŋčua	ARjMjŋčuáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cikóAbúčvliőon	cycóAbúčvliőonokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
đFšíIsöõCn	đFšíIsöõCnokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
čÁ wŧü'jas	čÁ wŧü'jasektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Ar äprzŧušs	Ar äprzŧušsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
wrswzcúj	wrswzcújért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Kú énswi	Kú énswin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
éóáKŧéxRt	éóáKŧéxRtenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
öfoéKmr	öfoéKmrekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Fdäkhíb	Fdäkhíbaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
bigRűws	bigRűwsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
IixčkCAt	IixčkCAtoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
õwalgC'fCÁa	õwalgC'fCÁánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
iáeŋ,ó kAl	iáeŋ,ó kAlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
v'yxčžwMs	v'yxčžwMseknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
'hyvve.RRp	'hyvve.RRpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
šysnŧc.ŧr	šysnŧc.ŧrnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
zunóđCpa	zunóđCpákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 ičőyárÁ- r	 ičőyárÁ- rban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ícSbjfmčRka	ícSbjfmčRkaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
čSud jti	čSud jti	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
FF e-iswcog	FF e-iswcog	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
KvSn -dy	KvSn -dyekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋjFvŧtó	ŋjFvŧtóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
 õÁM-chse	 õÁM-chsén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 Álőiczu't	 Álőiczu'tokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ígáeRCM-đét	ígáeRCM-đétó	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
šŋfsšgb	šŋfsšgbektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Fmeížj	Fmeížjnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
fščrúrFfäjt	fščrúrFfäjtsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
xműžwooõír	xműžwooõírték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
rčhIa.swa	rčhIa.swáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
cübűsős	cübűsősekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
, w.úšz	, w.úšzekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
eú rfstđäMt	eú rfstđäMtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
öđpeéy	öđpeéyhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Ásx tl	Ásx tlták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
áduŋŧöyz	áduŋŧöyzekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
CIűiőhy	CIűiőhy	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
üŧ,tfjőõ'l	üŧ,tfjőõ'lnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
áIföŧblđdCr	áIföŧblđdCrekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
cüfKRröfhi	cüfKRröfhiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
aűjdúk	aűjdúkokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
sđwAŋz,a	sđwAŋz,ákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
xggaäívos	xggaäívosokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
grämíeáxg	grämíeáxgtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
böwfaCŧSr	böwfaCŧSrból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
üAä dz	üAä dzottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
žkK,óŧyól	žkK,óŧyóljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
-uiőőMó	-uiőőMóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ójtđIlz	ójtđIlzekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁK pän	ÁK pänra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ufyžűva	ufyžűváról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
F pvM-s	F pvM-sakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
kdzđőy 'is	kdzđőy 'isekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
cš'űCŧi	cš'űCŧiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
x,fÁhRxy	x,fÁhRxyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
hSeSsbh fl	hSeSsbh fljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ísjŋwt'm	ísjŋwt'mtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
jkkofoa	jkkofoára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
nüŧmyMg	nüŧmyMgokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
üftÁaa	üftÁaától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
é.úőionjŧn	é.úőionjŧnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
üIŋw'eCúfe	üIŋw'eCúfétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
i .Rwšüő éa	i .Rwšüő éává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Raeéŧa	Raeéŧákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
bKnRSv	bKnRSvben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋRyiIAkó	ŋRyiIAkókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
KđoonRhz	KđoonRhznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
yavAvbxoiIl	yavAvbxoiIlje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
,Sä-čsélCl	,Sä-čsélClj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
óc'jfl	óc'jfltam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
äsrűrđőFácl	äsrűrđőFáclnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
ŋpõŋbka	ŋpõŋbkákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
lóžKőŋjp	lóžKőŋjpeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
čaš-Axdueő	čaš-Axdueőből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
rzökzääMáír	rzökzääMáírokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁAžjűűwíp	ÁAžjűűwípeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ŋvŧőxm	ŋvŧőxmról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
útxgwiÁci	útxgwiÁci	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
'ogm-Átŧisi	'ogm-Átŧisiakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 ö,CCu a	 ö,CCu áknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
j,fykiRrű	j,fykiRrűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŋókn.äy	ŋókn.äyet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
nIndeűgería	nIndeűgeríákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
otr.őcoot	otr.őcootek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmidwgíoh,oigy	pludwgíoh,oal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
yíhénywRba	yíhénywRbává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Fõ baüt	Fõ baütendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
drÁcyúAó	drÁcyúAóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
msCkdvACyíi	msCkdvACyíikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
oíjj žhžhCz	oíjj žhžhCznénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
ŧIköőóžs	ŧIköőóžsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŋm'FÁAŧús	ŋm'FÁAŧúst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
lwóú.jšõFMa	lwóú.jšõFMáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
'fäSAbxvy	'fäSAbxvyen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,zbakűngb	,zbakűngbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
föüIžäjõőó	föüIžäjõőókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
l.hmkőčs	l.hmkőčshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,hKŧAxwéSr	,hKŧAxwéSrokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
IíasvpthŋRn	IíasvpthŋRnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
.ytõ ú oCws	.ytõ ú oCws	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
íüeRtSačaa	íüeRtSačaára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
cÁrwSéad	cÁrwSéadként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
kÁđxmalky	kÁđxmalkyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
uugkti	uugktikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
'škŋkő	'škŋkőkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
aäoížwi	aäoížwi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ž-hŧ,rméom	ž-hŧ,rmémakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Ayđőhčr	Ayđőhčrekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
yAz'néfp	yAz'néfpba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
RK-jÁe,bui	RK-jÁe,buiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ösw'Áola	ösw'Áolákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
räoajšl	räoajšlnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ám-I-xItÁzn	ám-I-xItÁznekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
-p KKnwó	-p KKnwóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,káoyewõjga	,káoyewõjgának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
cyó-ty	cyó-tyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ezöKmgkõđFl	ezöKmgkõđFlnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
dÁuõpó	dÁuõpókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
góč-Ksy	góč-Ksgyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
xőf.ŋKidđs	xőf.ŋKidđsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ŋóŋwl lčvg	ŋóŋwl lčvgekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
eŧéRyazuCes	eŧéRyazuCesnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ihéúöc't	ihéúöc'ttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
xFű,Fhpg	xFű,Fhpgekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
MjíAdAwéz	MjíAdAwézban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
SKKcgvoő-d	SKKcgvoő-dig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
xéöäčÁjd	xéöäčÁjdokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
t-íozy	t-íozy	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
AAŋjxäűõna	AAŋjxäűõnában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
jőCkŧyaőcz	jőCkŧyaőczig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
äõIkó-zkvj	äõIkó-zkvjokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
hjäđáíhg	hjäđáíhgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ŋuéjtSőm	ŋuéjtSőmről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋdsK a,b	ŋdsK a,bbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
C óijó	C óijón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
lh.Rat	lh.Ratekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
,ä ičs	,ä ičsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
äö,m.zs	äö,m.zsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
öőüš.nz	öőüš.nzként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
 yeaaänt	 yeaaäntért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
s öŋűšxFáz	s öŋűšxFázzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
oovčőpea	oovčőpeákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
zővfáxjűs	zővfáxjűsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
aCjx.p	aCjx.pnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
nűh.đcšiíõn	nűh.đcšiíõntól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
gőáICKm---ó	gőáICKm---ókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
SäIgh RKn	SäIgh RKnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
lüűžüté  r	lüűžüté  rokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
õnótŧs	õnótŧsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
yv-úan	yv-úanök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŧRmkRčcxl	ŧRmkRčcxljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
-FšäFeg	-FšäFegnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
aüđhŋči	aüđhŋčiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
vw AűoSIr	vw AűoSIröktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
űhaűu őag	űhaűu őagoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
 opAjó	 opAjókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
 .Kkgtőe	 .Kkgtőén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ípki fÁčŧRó	ípki fÁčŧRókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Sűezis	Sűezisaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
éifgAbh	éifgAbhot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
CymüAnó	CymüAnóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
go,lőksÁr	go,lőksÁrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ždvéŋ.i	ždvéŋ.iktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
u-okAgs	u-okAgsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
jgKgŧúkSaz	jgKgŧúkSazzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgá.uüFõrrzlftatás	p.uüFõrrzlfural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
höđSdvm- s	höđSdvm- sban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,yüóÁIa	,yüóÁIával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
 š-čKbd	 š-čKbdod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
u,Clvs	u,Clvsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
žíoš icaa	žíoš icaákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
kKM vtbđr	kKM vtbđrekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
xizRőuőt	xizRőuőtaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
zaeSŧk	zaeSŧkoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ÁrÁáűfvís	ÁrÁáűfvísre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
kemoxhaf'xs	kemoxhaf'xshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
tzgšcb	tzgšcbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
đšrőSoxl	đšrőSoxlnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
ŧđeC,äíwMmd	ŧđeC,äíwMmdhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
I-nFthšzd	I-nFthšzdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
zamõc ó	zamõc óknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
gAregäg	gAregägért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
MxwIhii	MxwIhiiekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Ssöúŧahűs	Ssöúŧahűsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
RcC äpŋzdl	RcC äpŋzdlben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
jkbzCoxp	jkbzCoxpokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
v,öxđz	v,öxđznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
uŋyswxd	uŋyswxdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
žfíõcIóÁá,s	žfíõcIóÁá,sben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
čxéäcKik	čxéäcKned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
l,üű-ISčn	l,üű-ISčnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
hőőgks	hőőgksba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
swgÁí-bk	swgÁí-bkhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
xMšcééímskp	xMšcééímskpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋFé'õésv	ŋFé'õésven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ófAŧFt	ófAŧFtnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
iđf. ŋM a	iđf. ŋM ákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Fíiá-lerSčs	Fíiá-lerSčsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
útöMjű	útöMjűtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Iõcõip	Iõcõipokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
AüI lp	AüI lp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
rúšöKzún	rúšöKzúnek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
F'Áŋűél	F'Áŋűelekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 yckSõKős	 yckSõKőshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
úmMóõgn	úmMóõgnon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
kA'MASkó	kA'MASkóból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
šböű,s	šböű,sra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
wõwäuvp.s	wõwäuvp.soknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
čábj ój	čábj ójnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
büR'xí''ŋő	büR'xí''ŋőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
lIpkA ížüay	lIpkA ížüayekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
mllgúđűuFz	mllgúđűuFzva	V.CVB;hungarian
őbúŧüal	őbúŧüalnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
ayõkfxüwl	ayõkfxüwltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ŋäyđõF g	ŋäyđõF gból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
úbKőmo.äl-ó	úbKőmo.äl-óra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
.kčígbg	.kčígbgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Áőaüŋa	Áőaüŋában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
nÁúéMn ít	nÁúéMn ítté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Sftúf. .	Sftúf. .-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
cčRx-átgvk	cčRx-átgvkeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ŧwMg őe	ŧwMg őéből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
eoűvzjóli	eoűvzjóliig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
őuiiđgl	őuiiđglra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
a órtp' Ils	a órtp' Ilsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
CFŧíiS mŧó	CFŧíiS mŧókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
dxđcFa	dxđcFákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ws'füíi	ws'füíiakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
pŋéŧzzäca	pŋéŧzzäcák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
-őyšjIar	-őyšjIarra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Canõwŧŧtcóz	Canõwŧŧtcózokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
dcbxútxúz	dcbxútxúzzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
điy pims	điy pimsen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
AfmlKs	AfmlKsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
K'éuSxáv g	K'éuSxáv ggal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
usõCäSht	usõCäShtasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
õđhÁäđíKs	õđhÁäđíKsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
.cóÁčr.p	.cóÁčr.poktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
öeműŋ't	öeműŋ'tenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
,CüóFőa	,CüóFőáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
jčeyMIk,l	jčeyMIk,ljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
zőÁdKvöFdb	zőÁdKvöFdbekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
dgáäükŋddk	dgáäükŋddkeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
dopwfüoőcwfgozó	ppwfüoőcwfural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŧKtŧaäfrévt	ŧKtŧaäfrévtanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
óŋl e õbytt	óŋl e õbyttekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
éšKiŧFtf r	éšKiŧFtf ron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
asčkolúyngk	asčkolúyngk	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
cbsőyžwŧ't	cbsőyžwŧ'tja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
'brsőFmyKt	'brsőFmyKtban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
mmSöücs	mmSöücsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
pfékačšk	pfékačškból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ómõéhó	ómõéhókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
'aFüŋv	'aFüŋvról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Ruä rjt	Ruä rjtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ű ŋCúxaäzep	ű ŋCúxaäzepokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 fđšfk	 fđšfkoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
õghpCiošhós	õghpCiošhósok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
agšžÁkmhely	agšžÁkmlyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
nvKaKxr	nvKaKxrig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
lCxdjđšxéxs	lCxdjđšxéxsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
 'úSúífndt	 'úSúífndtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ügü-kh-őõs	ügü-kh-őõsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
u FSMüf g	u FSMüf ghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Fä yóŧút	Fä yóŧútbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
Fggj'C a	Fggj'C ában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
FR-Swb	FR-Swbre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
xluCütscFz	xluCütscFznél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
pŋvtőFcčm	pŋvtőFcčmhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
oűrAa.,,ča	oűrAa.,,čák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
vzpgóCfCői	vzpgóCfCőiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
doöxS-s	doöxS-sből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
säKswüxrwk	säKswüxrwkké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Manö'nvót	Manö'nvóss	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
 Mžő,Ftg	 Mžő,Ftgnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
õv-AuníIóú	õv-AuníIóúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋŧki,í.äkSy	ŋŧki,í.äkSyben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
jestžŧđfhöi	jestžŧđfhöiakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
fséuhfú	fséuhfúig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
wúMgov'nm	wúMgov'nmnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
IđKMyer	IđKMyreknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
yeuü,nbŋšt	yeuü,nbŋštnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ébu ó'm	ébu ó'mokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ól'vovSkíäs	ól'vovSkíässá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
péáfbjy	péáfbjlyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ä vuőejFđšs	ä vuőejFđšsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Stž'Ijc-ó	Stž'Ijc-ókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
wI šydRžvbi	wI šydRžvbiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
éxá'žőez	éxá'žőeszel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ihlktõt	ihlktõtsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ät-pAKsü,ór	ät-pAKsü,ór	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
őÁMÁSžđ.p	őÁMÁSžđ.pokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 ,jzIKzs	 ,jzIKzsokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
'rFMäpđmt	'rFMäpđmtban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
.iüiiđpó	.iüiiđpóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧyőmlA.päÁó	ŧyőmlA.päÁótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
óK'ő-enRáyr	óK'ő-enRáyrakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
r, ,yvxg	r, ,yvxggel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
fhAMäRŋbba	fhAMäRŋbbáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
gaKšSAsuMts	gaKšSAsuMts	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
.z'IaCöcđKt	.z'IaCöcđKtték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
.ClRRt	.ClRRtnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
,iCöKvűjŧt	,iCöKvűjŧtsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
iCđorxhzŧšl	iCđorxhzŧšljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ííhrüŧg	ííhrüŧgként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ujíŋ.űbli'ó	ujíŋ.űbli'óknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
umđéya	umđéyán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋõpíáaMiy	ŋõpíáaMiyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
dCűRú-äűyr	dCűRú-äűyrokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
čafäna	čafänákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
twIzõóoMn	twIzõóoMnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
öMfSeCűjpa	öMfSeCűjpából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
,nMáItr	,nMáItrokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
lFdK cCA cc	lFdK cCA ccnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
đcžfmämyÁi	đcžfmämyÁikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
cđfMÁ,Rv	cđfMÁ,Rvsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ŧo'jölŧb	ŧo'jölŧbeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Iégörújőmža	Iégörújőmžákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
úSéixűiűI s	úSéixűiűI stól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
fáóŧpüft	fáóŧpüftekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
gcF,műfr	gcF,műfren	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
šíóđc'č-glg	šíóđc'č-glgakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
pükÁbjéöIIa	pükÁbjéöIIákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
tCoöhõfy	tCoöhõfyekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
IaíäőSÁÁpz	IaíäőSÁÁpzokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧäöÁŋöõŧeÁl	ŧäöÁŋöõŧeÁlnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
AF.,wó fäCl	AF.,wó fäCltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
RKüSjímlz	RKüSjímlztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
tä-ofb	tä-ofbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
đaéeÁFđ-ty	đaéeÁFđ-tyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
íMűöts	íMűötsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
yykmahól	yykmahóljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
íúüóäuõe	íúüóäuõékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
žtŋüxi	žtŋüxivé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
s üŋoáőó	s üŋoáőókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ŋóhky mn	ŋóhky mneket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Iddm Rálik	Iddm Ráljanak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
eü.Ijós	eü.Ijósokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ošr,mbzúKe	ošr,mbzúKéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
fAyŧ,jtúa	fAyŧ,jtúákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
o đžxn'k	o đžxn'kokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
őAwgõza	őAwgõzától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
-ŧIsIymõhy	-ŧIsIymõhyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ú-šõŧni	ú-šõŧnikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
lé Sds	lé Sdsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
õ  'yrmz	õ  'yrmznétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
wöm.ibbngn	wöm.ibbngnok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 RéuMs	 RéuMsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
IKz'iaAü Ké	IKz'iaAü Ké	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
-f.äáI'b	-f.äáI'bnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
Mõ zúRsk	Mõ zúRskokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
xíwcok.ua	xíwcok.uákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
z čjírp	z čjírp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
uzõõ űm'ős	uzõõ űm'őssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
háŧržõAúűz	háŧržõAúűzzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
šws-.ab'F.t	šws-.ab'F.takból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
zü,é.r	zü,é.rből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
-CuSađlüs	-CuSađlüsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
eécžFAi	eécžFAiekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
oFouwnlcíwó	oFouwnlcíwótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
bixf ,yélns	pluxf ,yélnal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
vlõcCúik	vlõcCúandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
KCRŧáóűidl	KCRŧáóűidljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
f đ.cs	f đ.csig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
cúbíCAzt	cúbíCAztba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cMkö,žI úFik	cMkö,žI úFzon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
FčRsetwačó	FčRsetwačókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
txRrŋt	txRrŋtbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
'Kíkügég	'Kíkügégnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
C Ázõwhxó	C Ázõwhxókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
-ííKnz	-ííKnzből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ížhAfRb	ížhAfRbakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
õrCőüt	õrCőütanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
šu-ócm	šu-ócm-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
záróíslđeMel	záróíslđeMlem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
a-lu,ugóöt	a-lu,ugóöteknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
őežlld	őežlldekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
RülŋöÁ-igvy	RülŋöÁ-igvyként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
z.äúKéatfht	z.äúKéatfhten	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
coCykõó	coCykõókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
é--'tböÁa	é--'tböÁánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
,l'Áetr	,l'Áetrt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
urđvđéŧó	urđvđéŧóig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
č,I bútgõwd	č,I bútgõwdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
jdädR'a	jdädR'ákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
v,cpkčKűs	v,cpkčKűseknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
üniöšy	üniöšyakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
rŋđb-Fkm	rŋđb-Fkmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋóhvuggéKb	ŋóhvuggéKb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
nõRSzjl	nõRSzjlted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
boä'rpd geíAly	bolyä'rpd geíAknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
,lalMRjwő	,lalMRjwőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
KRáđöstő	KRáđöstőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
,čRdKay	,čRdKanyé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ŋIŧiü,,íáKm	ŋIŧiü,,íáKmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
K-imRgk	K-imRgktól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
űb-jožóoržt	űb-jožóoržtből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
jthsAó	jthsAót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
-ámMwyyvs	-ámMwyyvsak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
kcÁepšjgÁtárs	kcÁepšjgÁatársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
yrRočxŧõja	yrRočxŧõjákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
šcblmfyŧz	šcblmfyŧzra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
öúőybnčt	öúőybnčtakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
zhaedvsoŋks	zhaedvsoŋkssel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ä,RR-s	ä,RR-sokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
'yknóžöt	'yknóžötekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋŧ kđouű	ŋŧ kđouűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
bzŋtwó	bzŋtwókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
üv inRjrb	üv inRjrbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
.őh.tIwäg	.őh.tIwäghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
 ewđól	 ewđól	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
čžbúšlűéó	čžbúšlűéóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
yCKíefõí,pl	yCKíefõí,pló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
ófüRõ d	ófüRõ dról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
đS'.sőz	đS'.sőzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
óóaöxš KsKt	óóaöxš KsKtsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
šhŋwpt	šhŋwptból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
FAMšrt	FAMšrtenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
'Áőecaióŧl	'Áőecaióŧlbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
jirŧcuvŧüzg	jirŧcuvŧüzgnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
  iisy	  iisyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
űbFéA'bz	űbFéA'bzhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
õfpõCđíSi	õfpõCđíSikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
tMrož's	tMrož'soknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
p.nFőédőm	p.nFőédőmot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ó eRe-zyr	ó eRe-zyrjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
yd,úg-éäzud	yd,úg-éäzudoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ä'hydüemgKa	ä'hydüemgKán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
IÁebfkz	IÁebfkzról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
.õbjgrrÁtCs	.õbjgrrÁtCsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ohž'Áđz	ohž'Áđzről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
õđüjyR-ng	õđüjyR-ngeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Flűő áCém	Flűő áCémekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
AiüóúíKihj	AiüóúíKihjokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
õAöõtdSKwMi	õAöõtdSKwMin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
IõKcgsxű s	IõKcgsxű sről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
w,.l.Müepűz	w,.l.Müepüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧäü-ueMfő	ŧäü-ueMfőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
cz-Kéő	cz-Kéővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
FwőFIöžl	FwőFIöžltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
t,glba	t,glbákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
üőöut-l	üőöut-lni	V;NFIN;hungarian
rüjcCót	rüjcCótként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
.tsxíjlaŋs	.tsxíjlaŋsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
đó,bds	đó,bdseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
išŧicMs	išŧicMsekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
SlCsžcvzŋKl	SlCsžcvzŋKlokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
fjpaIűka	fjpaIűkák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
őzŧűlís	őzŧűlísoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
xs öóFom	xs öóFmakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
CfS.žóAhcó	CfS.žóAhcónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ffCóüuKáj	ffCóüuKájekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
iŋsy-da	iŋsy-dához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
gbpcörplz	gbpcörplzba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
S écŧl	S écŧlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
IbÁŧ.nÁCíe	IbÁŧ.nÁCíétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
zúŧughtAds	zúŧughtAdstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
exFyéSči	exFyéSčinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
'ŋRxAkÁSn	'ŋRxAkÁSnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
akKu-mú-K	akKu-mú-K-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 dfwhRi	 dfwhRinak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
vSđd us	vSđd usoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ű.uzjüš-jm	ű.uzjüš-jmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
űšÁčülct	űšÁčülctokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 RfAf,sis	 RfAf,sisokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
oŋIäzg	oŋIäzgekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
d'đs,ŋfyät	d'đs,ŋfyätott	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
vvxjűba	vvxjűbaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
iŧS rjúl	iŧS rjúlnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
xtsy-điõőg	xtsy-điõőggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Migl-úgn	Migl-úgnjék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
nkzv mfütki	nkzv mfütkiekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
đóceszävčn	đóceszävčnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋÁŧtš hlev	ŋÁŧtš hlevon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
kősžxp,l	kősžxp,lom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
šõSõbüvAšb	šõSõbüvAšbig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
 .Aõryt	 .Aõrytsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
õFčjžnéa	õFčjžnéához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
u,ütgs	u,ütgsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
.SSÁok	.SSÁok	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
óízõŋdRŧCdt	óízõŋdRŧCdttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
öw.lóFe	öw.lóFéhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
yFčAó éu't	yFčAó éu'totok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
sgbxŋCdl	sgbxŋCdlták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
idvSRdíít	idvSRdíítba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
dfeđe nÁÁwr	dfeđe nÁÁwrhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
géKÁgdh ő	géKÁgdh őkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
älMyói	älMyóikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
gnüóIfpr	gnüóIfprtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
fwrxŧzóagy	fwrxŧzóagyekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
eeRCAg	eeRCAgról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
púKwžIáöt	púKwžIáötok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
igAddš't	igAddš'tokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
wűyliK,n	wűyliK,nból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
tar ISl	tar ISlok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
äCórär	äCóräroknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
nđ.m uFj.i	nđ.m uFj.iból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
fpRééfjt	fpRééfjtá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
.vjC ó-Át	.vjC ó-Átve	V.CVB;hungarian
šbbóvöaoxžó	šbbóvöaoxžók	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
A-xs-oáb	A-xs-oábhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
tIdMAđ-ŧl	tIdMAđ-ŧltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
 äskjRbss	 äskjRbsssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
öuFõzó	öuFõzót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ŋFjaAüj	ŋFjaAüjon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Möeneõŋ 'pe	Möeneõŋ 'péért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
,eAggs	,eAggsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 jSŋ rt	 jSŋ rtokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁCrAmMáy	ÁCrAmMáyért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Miíbe RIii	Miíbe RIiiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
sf,fŧamKwnb	sf,fŧamKwnben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
üFbó'.g	üFbó'.gokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
últxIű,s	últxIű,sokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
v.náŧfga	v.náŧfgába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cbRblcšfl	cbRblcšflt	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
lškš'jtyr	lškš'jtyrok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
'özä.Aŧbs	'özä.Aŧbsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
đ elyŧúR a	đ elyŧúR ává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
öműék..öl	öműék..öltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
űhyuipl	űhyuipltuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
IõCAűucy	IõCAűucyek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
xhjműéAáŋó	xhjműéAáŋót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
AóžFezé	AóžFezéknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
tC-ébt	tC-ébtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
rIgucrds	rIgucrdsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
h,đRfkwbđMe	h,đRfkwbđMét	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Fõöüeon	Fõöüenakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Id d i	Id d iktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
čüúCKzaa	čüúCKzaa	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
öőŋkKa	öőŋkKára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
úwsuŋöfvđõa	úwsuŋöfvđõából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
rűxžCoóűő	rűxžCoóűőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
űõMtSõxža	űõMtSõxžákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
oAátsa	oAátsákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
-cüÁFxmčfúk	-cüÁFxmčfúk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
.ot FlmzMs	.ot FlmzMsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
wIkrčoä-tüg	wIkrčoä-tügek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
uŧdóRn	uŧdóRnné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
éđyvRžFs l	éđyvRžFs ltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
t-RgFÁúnd	t-RgFÁúndről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
 -tmKõiaKa	 -tmKõiaKáknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
iŋÁóŋŋs	iŋÁóŋŋsokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁčŧčkbmIig	ÁčŧčkbmIigektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
yihkug	yihkugekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
sjgl.äCőük	sjgl.äCőükból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
lđKžÁišs	lđKžÁišsakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
õ'ŧóu,üb b	õ'ŧóu,üb bak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
õŋé-đ űy	õŋé-đ űyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
wÁR.rő	wÁR.rőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kénpporvCóő,ő	kövepporvCóő,re	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
juyiMück	juyiMückekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧúeüFíõaIsr	ŧúeüFíõaIsrnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
ytrbüíeoIt	ytrbüíeoIt	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
.v mhrz	.v mhrznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
Aíčuđi,trnt	Aíčuđi,trntanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
wIóAõúFt	wIóAõúFtakká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Ssojšő	Ssojšőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
äŋójév	äŋójévvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
kŋÁgxct	kŋÁgxctetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ocmwdđđp,kó	ocmwdđđp,kókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ulkió  šl	ulkió  šlta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
iwoõRõd	iwoõRõdak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
jCŧyéč'ő	jCŧyéč'ővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
fybdlRŋžfs	fybdlRŋžfsokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
,í.fugsš-s	,í.fugsš-sektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
 I-isIéi	 I-isIéikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
f äp Rčäđt	f äp Rčäđtök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
xü'.mCŧvls	xü'.mCŧvlssé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŧjõéuCt	ŧjõéuCtsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
j Iuköžőks	j Iuköžőksokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
rpoüíbfló	rpoüíbflókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
npÁzhníem	npÁzhnímen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
bprssõoöÁ t	bprssõoöÁ tsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
.-nsdŧps	.-nsdŧpst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
őwhmŧ ciéy	őwhmŧ ciéyokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Susuŧ'Áõ a	Susuŧ'Áõ ába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
'öbRšás	'öbRšásokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
dA Főis	dA Főisnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
m wéuajklRő	m wéuajklRővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
đőúK.šInzz.	đőúK.šInzz.-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
.pmRja	.pmRjákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
nvSuKIúÁa	nvSuKIúÁáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
äMndRK yjb	äMndRK yjbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
A-RmCíhõä-t	A-RmCíhõä-tok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
uy' őÁRüa	uy' őÁRüákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
K svtaó	K svtaónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
uflnŧvxKd	uflnŧvxKdat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
pnzt.gáKjrazita	singulnzt.gáKjr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
š úFSwöűz	š úFSwöűzzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
 š Iš,zűsrs	 š Iš,zűsrsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
jwjđõs	jwjđõsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
véóűb őčFa	véóűb őčFát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
a'Fžoóbbc's	a'Fžoóbbc'snél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
xúÁäCpžIie	xúÁäCpžIiére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
õ,'I.wŧ's	õ,'I.wŧ'sokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
óäa špcáa	óäa špcáától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
nõCšch Kžsr	nõCšch Kžsrban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
hAõt-vgyl	hAõt-vgylnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
óFa.č  íIy	óFa.č  íIyekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁčúSSšt	ÁčúSSštekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
yexiíghčra	yexiíghčrákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
šRúwnljŧläs	šRúwnljŧläsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
C'lčCžAa	C'lčCžAákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
üIõ-ShüRt	üIõ-ShüRtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
' ílõ. láKő	' ílõ. láKövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
'ősõypü're	'ősõypü'rével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bolyŋósötaó	sinŋósötaular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
gejmžž-Al	gejmžž-Aljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
sbö.'s	sbö.'sre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
nšäéúŋt	nšäéúŋtanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
d Á,zmhjőés	d Á,zmhjőésokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
.vőiA'Rlb	.vőiA'Rlbeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
tARKzrnhk	tARKzrnhkért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
arKéaCaó	arKéaCaóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ópé'õaén	ópé'õaénig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
 ghlb Avns	 ghlb Avnsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
šsáoékm	šsáoékmokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
x.íóuižczi	x.íóuižcziekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
émv,úr	émv,úrökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
-ŧcbŋt-á	-ŧcbŋt-ával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
KMóaä,ós	KMóaä,ósök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ayŋz ŋns	ayŋz ŋnsakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
-vúevs	-vúevsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
üFh ws	üFh wsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
úű,.peös	úű,.peösektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Sõteõl wó	Sõteõl wón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
kŋžCdtl	kŋžCdtltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
aAc lníŧúg	aAc lníŧúget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ŧn,MMxägt	ŧn,MMxägtról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
xAü'fášünőő	xAü'fášünőőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
žtšgčaéyíöó	žtšgčaéyíöókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
žSŋag-ár	žSŋag-árokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
šsözdFía	šsözdFíákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
utsouőčžŋgt	utsouőčžŋgtöttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
. F-ygg	. F-ygggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
üúarckúAr	üúarckúArjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
tu,hnréiláa	tu,hnréiláának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
gúSővMís	gúSővMíshoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
cšMáf-,fn	cšMáf-,fntél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ö,ü đpCõv	ö,ü đpCõven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 áeúIb	 áeúIbekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
íhpvíđm	íhpvíđm	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ödŋjšd	ödŋjšddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
sŧõéjzús	sŧõéjzússá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
eđärfAíűMgs	eđärfAíűMgson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
rõzxml,l	rõzxml,lekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ím ŧűv	ím ŧűvban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
KMž,ö'Kő	KMž,ö'Kőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
cižÁóđdia	cižÁóđdiáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
.Iúdenm	.Iúdenmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
iŧúkFsiíj	iŧúkFsiíj	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
FütlűgiéAik	FütlűgiéAzen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
bgyzFüKlnjg	bgyzFüKlnjgok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Cnčxjläbs	Cnčxjläbsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csilIuóeškógfény	singuIuóeškór	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
cvcaá,õf'ig	cvcaá,õf'igtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
f-áÁdík	f-áÁdíkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Sésóofb	Sésóofbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
o lKaIg	o lKaIghez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
CõhMMnd	CõhMMndtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
acűRpn	acűRpnek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
üzmiöújišs	üzmiöújišssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
zsúsša	zsúsšává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ltŋŧéhs	ltŋŧéhsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
kwom z	kwom zták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
nvyöjxőčn	nvyöjxőčnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
múmaRéla	múmaRélákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
äbfwšuAs	äbfwšuAsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
jgS'dŋl	jgS'dŋlja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
FxéK ípi	FxéK ípiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
aCyđär	aCyđärökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
jc,óéúzgõít	jc,óéúzgõíssen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
tÁčgKbwdg	tÁčgKbwdgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
jkűüvšg	jkűüvšgokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
RčóSeäbk	RčóSeäbkig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
fkn yzr kf	fkn yzr kfről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Shžimsagől	Shžimsagőlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
vyCjóawđűz	vyCjóawđüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
šsgúSyAc	šsgúSyAcokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
đžőShgzwla	đžőShgzwláról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
pznbyy	pznbyyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
,zglía	,zglíát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
iKen.rrKÁa	iKen.rrKÁák	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
eFípct	eFípctokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
öIüdüjpošl	öIüdüjpošljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
đđ aIue	đđ aIuén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
sMö-ű yuú t	sMö-ű yuú takról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
nmŧFrei	nmŧFreikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
iežöóŧő	iežöóŧőkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
tõnCsóő	tõnCsóőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
iö'ívlóű Ás	iö'ívlóű Ásból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
zIcđbl	zIcđblekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁpCsóbkéús	ÁpCsóbkéúsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
čä'oiÁpš'ú	čä'oiÁpš'úknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
IsebäúKÁúSú	IsebäúKÁúSúakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
čófótn	čófótnokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
, õíj.éi	, õíj.éiekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
oč Mvl	oč Mvljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
üÁCypegiSaő	üÁCypegiSaőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
  féSRIüöšt	  féSRIüöštő	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
uűRsdllšl	uűRsdllšlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
n tŧIffRávi	n tŧIffRáviről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
sűuvMžíMža	sűuvMžíMžává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
srC.xgzaűs	srC.xgzaűsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
aóšösyvRt	aóšösyvRtokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
' zhöl	' zhölna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Kűőlki	Kűőlkiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
-bóRy äh'ik	-bóRy äh'ták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
sIõöAvčő	sIõöAvčőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
CoARŋőŋm	CoARŋőŋmen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
jwuđ'iÁmm	jwuđ'iÁmmokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
gtdxAÁ, Ki	gtdxAÁ, Kinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
SeMžé čuKkz	SeMžé čuKkzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ÁIicpn	ÁIicpnban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
žfõwIffz	žfõwIffzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
 aíobjmđžvó	 aíobjmđžvóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
žö aIjyá' g	žö aIjyá' gokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
 d'iőt	 d'iőttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
dŧáčđuKF,uor	dŧáčđuKF,urokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
õmrčiđ pecs	õmrčiđ pecsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
zöMCRa	zöMCRákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Ióbžŧzŋó	Ióbžŧzŋótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
töšytm	töšytmra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
nč--ál	nč--álunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
t-öđut	t-öđutökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
äzöSvő	äzöSvőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
SmzžÁta.,a	SmzžÁta.,ához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
MCíúšt	MCíúštenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
eKÁõtFg	eKÁõtFgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
fdzbá.ŧFps	fdzbá.ŧFpst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
RrdddötúéSó	RrdddötúéSókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ž.wchfCa	ž.wchfCák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
'.jrŧõeCđeó	'.jrŧõeCđeókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
-pägAMät	-pägAMätaniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
ŧdKCiő jk	ŧdKCiő jkokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
RkRoAKčCe	RkRoAKčCéig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
sCfžáúrča	sCfžáúrčába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cikCííAűn	cycCííAűnokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
cŋéézčp-õz	cŋéézčp-õznák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
püúRvõmeKöI	püúRvõmeKöI-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
űášsAzk.áŋő	űášsAzk.áŋőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
CKRr'Kžőügl	CKRr'Kžőügltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
áw.kCi	áw.kCival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
gőAsfA.ra	gőAsfA.rán	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
óxéűAxzhSi	óxéűAxzhSiaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
'Ajvll	'Ajvllbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
đixüeRks	đixüeRksekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
yrómyčüúú	yrómyčüúúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
MIrŋäd	MIrŋäden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
r debgr	r debgrral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
đtõbzpxyŧs	đtõbzpxyŧsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
póKeKmzőõs	póKeKmzőõsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
mr é-žm	mr é-žmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŋpM.ähpb	ŋpM.ähpb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
bSkí'Ka	bSkí'Kából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
čjCõiúMhcl	čjCõiúMhcltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
žkrtmg	žkrtmget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
CAu'ACMöl	CAu'ACMölnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
đA'sŋxm	đA'sŋxmokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
 -övtCbadt	 -övtCbadtokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
čeűöCóo.z	čeűöCóo.znak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
íCdySvmtó	íCdySvmtókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
őbuvvjmős	őbuvvjmősért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
éŧőKoRúila	éŧőKoRúilából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
dMwüsgfozcy	dMwüsgfozcyra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
R-hCéhõcp	R-hCéhõcpeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
FiŋerRä Fđl	FiŋerRä Fđlnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
uéläÁózcut	uéläÁózcuttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
,šófűlóűa	,šófűlóűákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Mzüžökhut	Mzüžökhutre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
úűl xz	úűl xz	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
büíuanzás	büíuanzásban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
sáÁ--öhűg	sáÁ--öhűgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
 Ađahmz	 Ađahmznetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
ÁFKsošüž'űs	ÁFKsošüž'űsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
-jeIöó	-jeIöókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
.vgóns	.vgónsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
čFčsdwšk	čFčsdwškben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
obiMzSy	obiMzSybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
úRőŧsIm	úRőŧsImokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŧúõšCžiz	ŧúõšCžiztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
sébõifK-g	sébõifK-gből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
mmCäõpnnšn	mmCäõpnnšnned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
kčIŧIy g	kčIŧIy geknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
wKadCAüwik	wKadCAüwne	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
őá-éósxz	őá-éósxzze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
šőmõös	šőmõösra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋšvšpbmšzŧe	ŋšvšpbmšzŧékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
'SuSđč-Rr	'SuSđč-Rrokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
RpáõzóFg	RpáõzóFgjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
oMüűčüzcvs	oMüűčüzcvsekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
az  kAđKs	az  kAđKsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
e.iž őKa	e.iž őKánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
kÁl äižšdk	kÁl äižšdkokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
IRőívõó	IRőívõóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
xSjóás	xSjóásból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
óxulät uđat	óxulät uale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öáü.éöpMt	öáü.éöpMt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
đméõojAut	đméõojAuba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 nI  ŧlwat	 nI  ŧlwkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
tgÁlkŋhčit	tgÁlkŋžežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
KFvCđšžat	KFvCđšžsašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
iuvá-ehta	iuvá-eđaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
őőčSáhkat	őőčSágaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
äőŧđFt	äőŧđFi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
üfáčFšéa	üfáčFšéa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
sx'ŧöwu õblat	sx'ŧöwu õb'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
óxCõ,hkat	óxCõ,gan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
,uőŧoamiúŋpat	,uőŧoamiúŋažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
aü.öIgtűat	aü.öIgtűat	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
 õMõbõšat	 õMõbõašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
gpxMõö it	gpxMõö ot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
io íbt	io íbjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
űzléwRömádut	űzléwRömádot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
űäõúRt	űäõúRbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuočRkRáuõit	čučRkRáuõe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
čyto'hkéFöit	čyto'hkéFödášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
väjícõut	väjícõu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
xrüščxkõjku	xrüščxkõjuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ŋđMu,ekti	ŋđMu,vttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
uS'IŋnCpsu	uS'IŋnCpsui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
kvgžet	kvgžeda	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
me..St	me..Sšeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
zátI.pőoážžat	zátI.pőoáččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gAõaáeőtvxu	gAõaáeőtvxu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
wŧőgÁiđat	wŧőgÁiažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
áí,ŋst'kaűit	áí,ŋst'kaűtiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
jziđuit	jziđutáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žMžÁŧđIut	žMžÁŧđIgošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
vđjöüšÁ óit	vđjöüšÁ óiba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
riđFca	riđFcan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
'äőKffänat	'äőKffäašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
doFxosáeSzza	doFxosáeSccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ŋÁđ whtat	ŋÁđ wđa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
Mfázéxé la	Mfázéxé as	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
s,SSRglit	s,SSRglehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oaun õc'rut	oun õc'ron	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
jÁRéCxžézza	jÁRéCxžécca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
fjŧšzhkat	fjŧšzga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
Áyysŧat	Áyysŧot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dápwéüh. t	dáwéüh. šii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Fl óaúkku	Fl óaúggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
beaSűv'äüit	beSűv'äütežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
đäv'oxäjt	đäv'oxäjlit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ämžszRat	ämžszRoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
lMzivMŧpőat	lMzivMŧpőos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
Iáű.rRit	Iáű.rRtáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fRđIóAžCŋggat	fRđIóAžCŋkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuoK dÁ zéűIIit	čuK dÁ zéűIIen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
éóIbmdáwt	éóIbmdáwvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧríbžAKghcut	ŧríbžAKgzut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jokrhiŋjt	jovsrhiŋjt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
IR,nrRüs	IR,nrRüssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ézŋdm'mFceu	ézŋdm'mFceui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
I õhddla	I õhddas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
mMKőüš	mMKőüžiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
uIéóácuáa	uIéóácuáas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
häcmMđt	häcmMđle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Fwf ',dIosat	Fwf ',dIoaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ájdwfCisózhkat	ájdwfCisózgašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
Iŋuút.'kčt	Iŋuút.'kčt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
róvšŧt	róvšŧlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
StfC.M xrout	StfC.M xrovoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Kxűcjŧt	Kxűcjŧvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
,đlcŋ't	,đlcŋ'biidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
blzžÁhkat	blzžÁgašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
anvbMlűkéut	anvbMlűkécožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
 žxMlíŧt	 žxMlíŧjetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
bkhyéssa	bkhyéssan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
eŋÁgõäzrjAolgut	eŋÁgõäzrjAlggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
úe,IÁyšzűvbis	úe,IÁyšzűvásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoaäőč'äut	čoäőč'äot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
Ádx'űšőt	Ádx'űšővččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
lMüüđžit	lMüüđžtii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
fÁđúpa	fÁđúpan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
o-'eđhka	o-'eđha	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
Ijzgdjat	Ijzgdjtaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
seaodőaŧűat	seodőaŧűo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
 ö-ž.reöíhpi	 ö-ž.reöíbiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
RSohžőtt	RSohžőtbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
 ékjj žšta	 ékjj žšat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ejAišsfajat	ejAišsfajá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
jwõötyá'eát	jwõötyá'eájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
FMku'Aallat	FMku'Allos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
háÁsužŋcöamos	háÁsužŋcöpmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reakoFwõün.Aut	rekoFwõün.Ao	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
šŋgéÁwg rcargŋut	šŋgéÁwg rcrkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
eszSsCÁeIit	eszSsCÁeIeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
kjkcRűmwbmat	kjkcRűmwpmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋ'f-.žÁvK-it	ŋ'f-.žÁvK-ehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ySüRxúmvdnut	ySüRxúmvnnošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
čfšhŋrčat	čfšhŋrčkaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
R-Mvmi	R-Mvmin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ődCSéit	ődCSékášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
Ar.-Mõa-ückčat	Ar.-Mõa-ücvččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
my,áé .žžat	my,áé .ččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
tóxŋxAaenrt	tóxŋxAaenršeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
cüođŧzMSát	cüođŧzMSá	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
mrréŧwv.hci	mrréŧwv.zi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ö afAlówIt	ö afAlówIda	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
Áŧ,õk-šFt	Áŧ,õk-šFbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
hárŋđöžžt	hárŋđöžžleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õzeFőma	õzeFőmtaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
M.reC--úet	M.reC--úe	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
Ái-Msŋtkt	Ái-Msŋtkše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goa-špwŧxxkut	go-špwŧxxkkole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đyicFFsMűnrat	đyicFFsMűnaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
wđKŧF pmat	wđKŧF maimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
'mKólútänggat	'mKólútänkkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
püdwRbhcut	püdwRbzošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
íglcS a	íglcS taid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
rÁ'IiMmbhčit	rÁ'IiMmbžášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
wt máčt	wt máčžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuoAwauIädöit	vuAwauIädödiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ngSvge.sűct	ngSvge.sűcdiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
pfwKnđoCöt	pfwKnđoCöbut	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
z ét KSMat	z ét KSMkaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
''fxsžžut	''fxsččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
'aubIúŋuäésat	'aubIúŋuäéa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
mlkayčAščzhcit	mlkayčAščzzežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
KršoplđfdMi	KršoplđfdMdiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
õCyüCit	õCyüCe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
öra'űs	öra'űsain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
zxeSõut	zxeSõu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
Kcryõxžt	Kcryõxžbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
RáFzuét	RáFzuéba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
xiyébésut	xiyébésoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
nmđiáúdavkit	nmđiáúdvkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
fóhjACt	fóhjACba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
rföšhhpat	rföšhbašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
dieopRnõp'eíoat	diopRnõp'eíoot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
 köjjIkgwpat	 köjjIkgwažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
uóičöat	uóičödaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
wpd p M t	wpd p M šeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
,ürkIcšdit	,ürkIcšde	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ödgeúmFhtat	ödgeúmFđažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
heaRgműA.C-óčut	heRgműA.C-óčgošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
kőčžisvä'git	kőčžisvä'geš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧmgõrbcö,at	ŧmgõrbcö,dašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
nríŧörat	nríŧöažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suowű.jŧsKiMat	suwű.jŧsKiMet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
á,Áj,'Acŧtat	áđažea,Áj,'Acŧppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
Re'i áat	Re'i átalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
FõAjŧ-úIÁit	FõAjŧ-úIÁivččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goaRliuanlÁKut	goRliuanlÁKos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
-yúynđűót	-yúynđűóšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
eõčkíSŋlat	eõčkíSŋaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
xégChás	xégChásaid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
edhprkku	edhprggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
őewmuit	őewmuehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
veaöcfoö'-but	veöcfoö'-bgole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
aüS,íCŧt	aüS,íCŧt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
uőŋšuóksit	uőŋšuóvssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
űxŧ ŧvmIt	űxŧ ŧvmIi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
wcFmdéáR.zdja	wcFmdéáR.zjain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
KoChrüggat	KoChrükkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋícMrcCóa-bmat	ŋícMrcCóa-mmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uŋxbiövaat	uŋxbiövaoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
FöIäŧaKäKüvat	FöIäŧaKäKüašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
áübFw. a	áübFw. vaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
rkgSArsói	rkgSArsóái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
feÁeIiSčamos	feÁeIiSčpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
íuymdít	íuymdívčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bealöIküúöíúzi	beöIküúöíúziin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
,nhöAäűRt	,nhöAäűRt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
'šFoóõŋűvSt	'šFoóõŋűvSbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
šeumo őSCRamos	šeumo őSCRpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
űŋjAõuđat	űŋjAõuan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
lr,CuAvki	lr,CuAvki	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
FRűAvil,ggit	FRűAvil,kkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
FRmáddnit	FRmádnnášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
x Aüsšxgs	x Aüsšxgsa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
s'eóiFõ ŧt	s'eóiFõ ŧleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čieIõ Msč SKat	čiIõ Msč SKoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
n.,..s	n.,..s	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
zöőIÁut	zöőIÁdožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
,Mõ'At	,Mõ'Aleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
neaynođdádmxi	neynođdádmxgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duoóŋ ŋ đat	duóŋ ŋ đet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
äIKÁŋbŋ a	äIKÁŋbŋ sas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
díAIáMt	díAIáMvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
uxz--ömat	uxz--öme	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
iá 'naõohki	iá 'naõgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
čytmyđuit	čytmyđueimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
éónfnúSbbut	éónfnúSppo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
äčKűFRCu	äčKűFRCuid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
 éúrkbwyjxat	 éúrkbwyjxe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
KAžadgj.rvat	KAžadgj.rvbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
očAzRfout	očAzRfodošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
oíđs,lnpit	oíđs,lnáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.e räIehkat	.e räIega	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
,..zujŋškt	,..zujŋškdiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
fűIsb.udnit	fűIsb.unnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
KKžSóat	KKžSóen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
AkéÁluőargut	AkéÁluőrggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ÁöFÁhötfágŋat	ÁöFÁhötfákŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ymžzCvat	ymžzCašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
vzđ-dűšSđKt	vzđ-dűšSđKjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Cŋjojabit	Cŋjojabežže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
Áčlfűu-ŧt	Áčlfűu-ŧžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Súoűđ'đwt	Súoűđ'đwjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
xIšv.hcnÁxlát	xIšv.hcnÁx'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
péägűit	péägűde	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ŋSKúKhK,'Ft	ŋSKúKhK,'Fža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ffghđ zCwt	ffghđ zCwlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
üöbážpuzit	üöbážpuzan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
'éöbCbácit	'éöbCbáášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
őCFr -lat	őCFr -ašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
-cősméúxFt	-cősméúxFide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
kRwá,ögt	kRwá,ögbun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ák'öbláSéat	ák'öbláSéi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
óđu čat	óđu čgalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 fIú.Mgüŋŋlát	 fIú.Mgüŋŋ'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
úórczhkat	úórczgašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
zóKMcKröat	zóKMcKröe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
xbÁnAva	xbÁnAat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Á.K,ŧdFwecit	Á.K,ŧdFwectášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
dtmewwslat	dtmewwsaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
xKyošõ jat	xKyošõ dji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vátágsC't	váágsC't	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
nŋŋŋbh it	nŋŋŋbh báleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
KzxŋgpAKfal	KzxŋgpAKfaliin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
z.öŧAáíkat	z.öŧAáíaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Fđr,vAÁečRavvit	Fđr,vAÁečRvežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
cjzmžpr	cjzmžpr	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
-hAéó.wŧyit	-hAéó.wŧytášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
náóv't	náóv'idet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋwózzIőa	ŋwózzIőain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
äóbđč,ba	äóbđč,hpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
düKSüpaő'đa	düKSüpaő'đcain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
xÁűöfx'avmt	xÁűöfx'avmt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
rsxAfhčit	rsxAfžiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
FIčähat	FIčähot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loaeztöwűíncáat	loeztöwűíncáet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
engőčäat	engőčäkažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
žägűc,hznas	žägűc,hztnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ykpčőÁzat	ykpčőÁzen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jé-p'ht	jé-p'hvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ehpzSt	ehpzSlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geaÁjájcáR-Sit	geÁjájcáR-Sdiide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
CđjCpchúvat	CđjCpchúažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
bŧRŋőhít	bŧRŋőhíbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
äééblxdna	äééblxnnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
géafyot	géafyojehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rádőzfMöit	ráőzfMöižat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuotnhčuvit	vutnhčuvgiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
vjax-'wohčut	vjax-'wžuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gea,öürmit	ge,öürmdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gieCnkRghžit	giCnkRghždiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
,zöyíM ut	,zöyíM coše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧsFéŋŋkodnut	ŧsFéŋŋkotnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoACšvűíat	čuACšvűíen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játűŧää bKűvt	jáűŧää bKűvleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đ'őxF sat	đ'őxF alit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CódC.MjRüut	CódC.MjRürožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
lvSojat	lvSojet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuo kéuMüCkit	šu kéuMüCežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
dŧpMw,Mđat	dŧpMw,Mašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
fI,éúčrut	fI,éúčuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
SiúdhóóMt	SiúdhóóMba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
xcCüíšéawa	xcCüíšéawaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
cxw ŋ.xäóõt	cxw ŋ.xäóõžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
 vwFöcit	 vwFöctežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
iCõCbit	iCõCbetne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
lcm-xIúAõöat	lcm-xIúAõözaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ó.ukűuyÁamos	ó.ukűuyÁpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
r đä  ut	r đä  on	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čatÁađgAt	čaÁađgAlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
äéíiõowdsat	äéíiõowdažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čieíikwõműat	čiíikwõműet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
I,cgšhéäit	I,cgšhéäeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
'pycó Sfűka	'pycó Sfűain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
pftfhFšFat	pftfhFšFcalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áõđőfFR őhat	áõđőfFR őhet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čS'rófÁ.it	čS'rófÁ.eaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
AtsüKwoit	AtsüKwovežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
äőóđtyóMit	äőóđtyóMdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ú'tŋéjág,tit	ú'tŋéjág,áleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
KóűlIAFé.t	KóűlIAFé.beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋõäŋŧtÁaírat	ŋõäŋŧtÁaíre	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čõannužéfut	čõannužéfgošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
a.ngžüt pma	a.ngžüt mat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
beaacmettit	beacmettos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
 ŧctIjónpn	 ŧctIjónpsan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
nočrm-šlit	lánočrm-še	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lóíswóat	lóíswóai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
õ-xđMMfóa	õ-xđMMfóaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ióekclnt	ióekclnšit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
  šÁőbblKíit	  šÁőbblKíoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
 vodő lui	 vodő luriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
Mőŋv gt	Mőŋv gt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
hRRmFCupojat	hRRmFCupojoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
sŧšđ õõőđi	sŧšđ õõőiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
KxíxmÁt	KxíxmÁt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
xfnpFpjtõat	xfnpFpjtõá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
.o-áStcšt	.o-áStcšhiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
reaügRbyci	reügRbycriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
zäSlit	zäSlit	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
K,tűűoggut	K,tűűkkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
yaő ŋt	yaő ŋt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
djőwfúáfđit	djőwfúáfđe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
zRkp.n	zRkp.miiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
üät-űt	üät-űt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Sčhtua'hdnu	Sčhtua'hnnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
mlp-nézűúšlat	mlp-nézűúšašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
mrléKoIa	mrléKoIa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
b, Iűjõit	b, Iűjõeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
mzrtžÁ'cÁit	mzrtžÁ'cÁdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
kÁžöóét	kÁžöóédin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ššüőj xRnit	ššüőj xRneaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
űo.Clpit	űo.Clpan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
R SyleFkit	R SyleFkeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
c slž.vrusat	c slž.vruašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
nü-IbűMrt	nü-IbűMrleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wőc,AbäMaŋat	wőc,AbäMaŋgažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gFKđ rzõi	gFKđ rzõi	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
eäüpbIo'et	eäüpbIo'ii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
dűčŋpi	dűčŋpliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
Käađg'l	Käađg'l	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
eõaSo-hiirat	eõaSo-hiiažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
z-ohAúüáõÁa	z-ohAúüáõÁain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
nbčCõvmodna	nbčCõvmonnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
SõvCMÁőrđat	SõvCMÁőran	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jieííeuwóiűat	jiííeuwóiűe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Rwbad úõfklat	Rwbad úõfkat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
AőCChxžt	AőCChxžjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ywšäžit	ywšäžeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuoAIuúd íkgit	vuAIuúd íkget	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧIfu pű'a	ŧIfu pű'ii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
áóŧn'dAiávabbut	áóŧn'dAiávppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
.,íoöő-s	.,íoöő-ssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
äõűtgžÁ.ut	äõűtgžÁ.rut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Kš ynbzvőai	Kš ynbzvőaiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ö.čõ-óbut	ö.čõ-óbgožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
rKččywőIóhtat	rKččywőIóđažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
oSiužMa	oSiužMsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
íFnép,ú,-t	íFnép,ú,-n	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
švõ'Mt	švõ'Mbu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
čR.úürut	čR.úüru	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šeavMzp ut	ševMzp gožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
 ckŋ -áRzypmi	 ckŋ -áRzymi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
cäŧeIfat	cäŧeIa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goa.őúFžžóut	go.őúFžžóvožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
öcõóhxvt	öcõóhxvbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
Mo-üCä,-nš	Mo-üCä,-nččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
MAxmRžt	MAxmRžbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
jCslyeeCit	jCslyeeCá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
iRd-üRđöát	iRd-üRđöábehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
.úzMč.aviat	.úzMč.avioska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doaüsážbFna-íut	doüsážbFna-ívui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
yŧógíŧgíöit	yŧógíŧgíötále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IxŧAŋéáRFvat	IxŧAŋéáRFašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ü .níIamos	ü .níIpmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
íiäjfe	íiäjfet	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ímjžRFat	ímjžRFe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
uŧxbeSACysit	uŧxbeSACysgii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
jsiRéK űRšat	jsiRéK űRale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
u.Áöínu	u.Áöíuide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
üÁžbipšõbit	üÁžbipšõbon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧlk õCndna	ŧlk õCnnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ájfwudt	ájfwudba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
lwÁááIőöűrát	lwÁááIőöű'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
äiCMeaŧavvi	äiCMeaŧviid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
  tSkífdmat	  tSkífdmcan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
xgšrRMkit	xgšrRMáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čđouzCös	čđouzCösain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
va s,Acn	va s,Acn	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ajiRírčjmat	ajiRírčjme	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
 ŧähS.'íoi	 ŧähS.'íori	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
écz žrs,ua	écz žrs,uii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
pcúđKbbIís	pcúđKbbIísiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
žénRi'ut	žénRi'gošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ö-I'spowémbmi	ö-I'spowémmmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
.đ'pűIit	.đ'pűIe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
yő,wSeat	yő,wSegaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
lS'.uat	lS'.uá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šjažttüegt	šjažttüegt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
é,őöíšahcut	é,őöíšzošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
lpuűő,eđđi	lpuűő,điin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Cisbki	Cisbkái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
p.háđMIgKit	p.háđMIgKeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
fučfjkővŧFta	fučfjkővŧFaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuožvoöbut	vužvoöbot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
.opŋ' it	.opŋ' dežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
čr,FõRűcsa	čr,FõRűcain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ürgčKíKt	ürgčKíKbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
vduS  wdnut	vduS  wnnoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋek-lüčpat	ŋek-lüčpkašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
mžeCípmi	immžeCíin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuoűšueáhuit	vuűšueáhuet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
 öwilct	 öwilcžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
ySaM.futyt	ySaM.futyime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gádádžwádőCt	gáádžwádőCi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođajšűét	guajšűéiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
MbofštöcCghta	MbofštöcCgđain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Iéuzzá,őŧla	Iéuzzá,őŧaga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
dieő-cxíebhjüut	diő-cxíebhjügošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧhbkClaxit	ŧhbkClaxeimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ecűŋűxmvőat	ecűŋűxmvővažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
smmCy,a	smmCy,gat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
pdŧéŋcčvit	pdŧéŋcčežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
pc ovut	pc ovdoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gejéclat	gejécašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
pŧCmõođđut	pŧCmõđoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 CÁűchóIbis	 CÁűchóIásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oagč,gez ut	ogč,gez ot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
sčiéóKFSaat	sčiéóKFSagašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
 íFv.üIwat	 íFv.üIwbaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
yđŧőM'đRoöit	yđŧőM'đRoöet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vű.vđčzápa	vű.vđčzápa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
tõwC't	tõwC'ide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
úónF.eÁ'xmit	úónF.eÁ'xmeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
Kk-Fxwbõi	Kk-Fxwbõin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
I.iééFjőxakčut	I.iééFjőxvččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
m,z-cčkgat	m,z-cčkget	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
oŧyúlšáat	oŧyúlšátu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
KCFzát	KCFzájit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
veaIIacácöit	veIIacácötežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buođpküđšđkžat	buđpküđšđkžet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
bSkiebőnkíođđit	bSkiebőnkíđežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šeaiixŋkwCóut	šeiixŋkwCógožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
mi.räőbóut	mi.räőbóos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
C'xzúlit	C'xzúlgále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
FžÁSöšpót	FžÁSöšpóšeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
uvcSé-S kohki	uvcSé-S kgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
wg.v bra.ordnut	wg.v bra.rtnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oadčlűõit	odčlűõoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
žžäzít	žžäzíi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Kbtčmbit	Kbtčmbeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
ŧC,wMit	ŧC,wMvát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
 aõAáÁhpat	 aõAáÁbaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Áyju'čat	Áyju'čo	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
seacK,Álaat	secK,Álao	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋkjreat	ŋkjreot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
reóKoFŋznsa	reóKoFŋznaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
AhKctIit	AhKctIa	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
rígc,oÁSat	rígc,oÁSet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
rdwg ga	rdwg gvain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
RiFŋtRŋndni	RiFŋtRŋnnniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ulčgnxraKdat	ulčgnxraKddaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Rzüŧmazaŧhpat	Rzüŧmazaŧbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ndxlft	ndxlfžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
úFn  üit	úFn  üe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
lzävKgzhpat	lzävKgzbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jSÁäüčMõorus	jSÁäüčMõrrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
usckÁú amos	usckÁú pmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
dRm -píut	dRm -píon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
nKCbámoit	nKCbámodášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
õxCüKÁdvIt	õxCüKÁdvIžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goafejaonxŋõüut	gofejaonxŋõüo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
yulzAu-at	yulzAu-os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
nr.uKŧđéuäa	nr.uKŧđéuäan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
hbŧúä u	hbŧúä ui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ízđhIrát	ízđhI'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jokűrF'čfž,št	jovsűrF'čfž,šle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áwSđš at	áwSđš ažehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
wCwšK óit	wCwšK óet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
õCCŋcyšCxkt	õCCŋcyšCxkžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
Avgmktít	Avgmktíle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
eIFyuMöC at	eIFyuMöC kaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
gpR rn-,Kűggat	gpR rn-,Kűkkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 yöfőweFt	 yöfőweFt	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
őžSđi-ddíet	őžSđi-ddíiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
lssKäi	lssKäsiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goar.mseSe-R,t	go.mseSe-R,idet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ápKáKit	ápKáKtálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
kIšb,iclut	kIšb,iclgoleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ááneddő zűvat	ááneddő zűaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.émC t	.émC diid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
KčFAAit	KčFAAeažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
SvfSnat	SvfSne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
. úIűKla	. úIűKllain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
bwéđKŋíjt	bwéđKŋíjgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
 Mkđöožu	 Mkđöohččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
 Á-äc.oöIi	 Á-äc.oöIdis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ujÁíRžűöwhcut	ujÁíRžűöwzožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
RIÁótet	RIÁótebuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
bsA,úžt	bsA,úžjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
,đŋővCđggrát	,đŋővCđgg'ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cúízümAMMhpat	cúízümAMMbaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yiÁíÁit	yiÁíÁtášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
 kFrdõbt	 kFrdõbjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
žŋxšöat	žŋxšökaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
lógdht	lógdhba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
R'Fwóyűt	R'Fwóyűbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
'epŧčSkix,hka	'epŧčSkix,ga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
üzs.,tvat	üzs.,tažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
hžSt.áa	hžSt.átaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
űđütűpnjMit	űđütűpnjMe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
dv,õÁčmnwöat	dv,õÁčmnwöet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
đščRjđat	đščRjašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
äzóep-',šat	äzóep-',šos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
IšedüvebR.at	IšedüvebR.et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
FháíhRűit	FháíhRűot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
Abfxhóyóžzat	Abfxhóyóžzu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
žI-ŋwőAeÁu	žI-ŋwőAeÁui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ztR'k.eat	ztR'k.eet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
Kž,õCt	Kž,õCžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
žóa.zäwwt	žóa.zäwwba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋthxtsbIäit	ŋthxtsbIätášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
žŋŋby It	žŋŋby Ibeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
rhcőscžt	rhcőscžbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
iI ŋá'iõt	iI ŋá'iõbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ebInšxnülhit	ebInšxnülhkát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuonúphö.šit	funúphö.še	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
úp'bu Áakčat	úp'bu Áavččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yöF,iŋáugzi	yöF,iŋáugztiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
tARdp-olit	tARdp-oášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
őjbeüđdnu	őjbeüđnnuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
KFnMbmtnat	KFnMbmna	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
y-žFyóal	y-žFyóraliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
wAfnjzza	wAfnjccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Á'öóŋáíarrut	Á'öóŋáírošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
jKFxi áöt	jKFxi áöše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋxRnž.iit	ŋxRnž.itežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
đRéüeádŧkt	đRéüeádŧkt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
leaKušŋrxit	leKušŋrxdiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
kđđjpt	kđđjpleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.xŋőéodIžat	.xŋőéodIžot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
 m .-ä ahkit	 m .-ä gežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
rwčéKäów Rt	rwčéKäów Ržat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
iIásž'íűu	iIásž'íűui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
 S.nmcMsäit	 S.nmcMsäášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
yttđet	yttđevččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
CRóäM,at	CRóäM,u	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
fŋŧrmŋat	fŋŧrmŋtažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
wúöÁóRéíásat	wúöÁóRéíá'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
geaKrÁcf Syé it	geKrÁcf Syé et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧvkutIađűydnat	ŧvkutIađűytnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
botí, evfčät	boí, evfčälii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-AökhAFt	-AökhAFbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goavšsđűöÁ ut	govšsđűöÁ vuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
Mgŋw-óädíat	Mgŋw-óädígaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 tór,,vt	 tór,,vdiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
nŋf júőuddut	nŋf júőuttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋzsmIŋs	ŋzsmIŋsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ÁwsRzőűkt	ÁwsRzőűkjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
biešÁzxõáÁ,éiit	bišÁzxõáÁ,éiot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
bi-ššü.vxšsu	bi-ššü.vxšu	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
áMCwtoŋe,čhčat	áMCwtoŋe,čžašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
y'CAKugupöggat	y'CAKugupökkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
'FIl'fé hpi	'FIl'fé biin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
veaűpytiáőKmit	veűpytiáőKmoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
cűčóőüfúét	cűčóőüfúébehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
úf.íéit	úf.íékášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
rSőÁpgat	rSőÁpgkai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
iibhz ošit	iibhz ošeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ÁMéíärát	ÁMéíä'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
v zŧwáŧst	v zŧwáŧsdiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
IžjA,eüyRut	IžjA,eüyRos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
eŧt.wACđysit	eŧt.wACđysgálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dxõnRcC.ŧs	dxõnRcC.ŧsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŋjIrÁotpüpmat	ŋjIrÁotpümažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
bé ŋAúűfrSkti	bé ŋAúűfrSvttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
vhFFKk uöws	vhFFKk uöwsas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
šdIõó-ŋő a	šdIõó-ŋő ain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
žüjmbősoddu	žüjmbősottus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
nyp'j,áCkđt	nyp'j,áCkđjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
Cl,ššgvat	Cl,ššgaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úz.aRpat	úz.aRpet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
xŋ. xbmat	xŋ. xmmažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
z ŋéali	z ŋéaiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buod-mAvSut	bud-mAvSdolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.uupõükt	.uupõükt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
IxsšwF,n	IxsšwF,miin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
nhSnŋÁKammut	nhSnŋÁKmmoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
uRFžjõežSRt	uRFžjõežSRlit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čühűű,abbut	čühűű,ppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
 Ájéüut	 Ájéüo	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
óogöőč.nrÁktit	óogöőč.nrÁvttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
'-seé oÁt	'-seé oÁžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ÁŋnAšžtit	ÁŋnAšžežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
l.õyuukŧt	l.õyuukŧvččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieé.ŧAíRíIat	čié.ŧAíRíIen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
űúisámedčat	űúisámedažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
CuFküu õwt	CuFküu õwhkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
K- đbAóit	K- đbAódán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Crl Aűpljut	Crl Aűpjošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
üIéöűíddit	üIéöűíttášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
iítúšcut	iítúšožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
lüsFá-it	lüsFá-et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
cvkpféit	cvkpféeappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
FRFträenut	FRFträenguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
jüžõ ua	jüžõ ugain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ísií odnat	ísií otnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
 nyõziKómoat	 nyõziKómoá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
t''űuKlát	t''űuK'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
z.SorršFŧAt	z.SorršFŧAše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧõcdAtpat	ŧõcdAtalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IdgbSöđűgt	IdgbSöđűgjehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
 mgäoÁđSđFat	 mgäoÁđSđFos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
leők-xkat	leők-xkkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Kjäch-it	Kjäch-i	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
iŋhõyfívCMoidni	iŋhõyfívCMinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
fdúűzápat	fdúűzápgalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ogxú Fút	ogxú Fújeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guoŋ bč,zFCyat	guŋ bč,zFCyet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
chmÁ'CxRíbt	chmÁ'CxRíbbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
FčižÁlat	FčižÁažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
IFkM,ŋ hkat	IFkM,ŋ gašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čmőäbádnáde	etniidčmőäbátte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
é-xúgeubyRat	é-xúgeubyRi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
hhhõúúeiat	hhhõúúeiá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
õđéíuuFkcut	õđéíuuFvccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hxwŋRÁKgaaa	hxwŋRÁKgaaan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
,AnFtóŧžót	,AnFtóŧžóvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
Fguõült	Fguõülbuin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ŧ'őémjSit	ŧ'őémjStášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ó,vmyđKit	ó,vmyđKeappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ólsicgft	ólsicgfba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
KxitíóÁMlut	KxitíóÁM'lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
eđčpnCúa	eđčpnCúsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 nožyut	 nožyuba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cadtőkR-t	catőkR-t	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reavwáS ut	revwáS rožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ötžóxk nit	ötžóxk ntežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luo ssäAjdwbštit	lu ssäAjdwbšii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
yRÁihóRt	yRÁihóRbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ÁüFöhfksat	ÁüFöhfkažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
űjkM-éóFht	űjkM-éóFhbus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
soabSfltna	soabSflnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ilõŧKt	ilõŧKt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
FčbbváCR-Cđit	FčbbváCR-Cášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
yyShhbmat	yyShhmmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dad'-SsvsvőRt	da'-SsvsvőRžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
čwkus'se,at	čwkus'se,gai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
AI-näčAéúut	AI-näčAéútole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õezzIMeűtjat	õezzIMeűtjoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
'ÁgwsR rAt	'ÁgwsR rAbuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
iõllvd'üat	iõllvd'üen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
gõAowőt	gõAowőjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bj glÁt	bj glÁi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
RfüMáõaut	RfüMáõašožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
zKevušCíhčit	zKevušCížii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
,.őed hki	,.őed giin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
űpdrőjrat	űpdrőjašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋCyõfázäFőa	ŋCyõfázäFősaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
õÁi.Rúat	õÁi.Rúkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
d,h 'Fa-s	d,h 'Fa-ssii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
zruyxaSzIt	zruyxaSzIbu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
hdwxfk srüvat	hdwxfk srüažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
rFRxhfkCwargut	rFRxhfkCwrggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ojkSs-ut	ojkSs-duidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
čősákpód.Cit	čősákpód.Cehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ődII,oggut	ődII,okkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fCSs'äKikmi	fCSs'äKikmdiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
 áwFdkCmõalli	 áwFdkCmõliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
xcj,ämjóabbut	xcj,ämjóppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
 yegoówkäõi	 yegoówkäõbit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
jeFtüađÁhcat	jeFtüađÁzažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
aošŧmatFscš	aošŧmatFscžžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boa'öKőgit	bo'öKőgdii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
kÁőőAirat	kÁőőAiaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
g- rmyhit	g- rmyhe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuooúMFoIéšövit	čuoúMFoIéšövos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
F,CtRzsKõit	F,CtRzsKõdáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧŧšzxáMit	ŧŧšzxáMu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
hurlffamos	hurlffpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
,íčđöu	,íčđöu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Iúawuöbat	Iúawuöbgale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohcdkrioiŧAret	ozdkrioiŧArešin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
KúicčvŋFpKdjut	KúicčvŋFpKjo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
RížkšeÁt	RížkšeÁbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
íű. KfKvőóat	íű. KfKvőóvašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
mtšvšSö.žhsat	mtšvšSö.žhaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Röwúfžŋkčat	Röwúfžŋvččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
eCčšdőhcat	eCčšdőzalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yúafdŧmjhtit	yúafdŧmjđášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
rea oleaSut	re oleaSoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
oo.C'wgCjtit	oo.C'wgCjáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xaűŧg bat	xaűŧg bet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ü-R.atat	ü-R.aan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoKtjöb 'aKAut	čuKtjöb 'aKAo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
hoyu,õIažaibmut	hoyu,õIažimmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vea.xnAs'Ái	ve.xnAs'Ágiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
'ödmk,ddat	'ödmk,ttaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
h 'CAit-ŋa	h 'CAit-ŋđamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
xaõču,jü,ga	xaõču,jü,gan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
skŧfwh'lcit	skŧfwh'lcdále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ášykSŋallut	ášykSŋlošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuoőCgbxíAcIut	vuőCgbxíAcIkoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'Cđ,zvat	'Cđ,zvet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Rä t oIčt	Rä t oIčt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
lčšáóAnsehcut	lčšáóAnsezuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
bamgyt	bamgyža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
AIaFükit	AIaFüežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
Fpžtšŧõvtšpmi	Fpžtšŧõvtšmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Füe Aki	Füe Ais	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
SCbaämz'rat	SCbaämz'aiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
akRšžívóeni	akRšžívóenin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
úržndmSđit	úržndmSđtiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
pAb.ürat	pAb.üalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-đIrbvat	-đIrbašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joažíjldđuõit	jožíjldđuõot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
kiSzrt	kiSzrbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Igčkőhlggat	Igčkőhlkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Iybŋtout	Iybŋtovun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
bsdIčhkit	bsdIčgáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
j,g'Áwŋlat	j,g'Áwŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ešbAfwit	ešbAfwtášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guošxúžläat	gušxúžläet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
dŋé Fi	dŋé Fiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
aõzcöIešRt	aõzcöIešRbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
fpđ-ndna	fpđ-nnna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
jjlFúat	jjlFúon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
tIr'oamos	tIr'opmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
.xŋexevlat	.xŋexev'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
dđűmõžmžät	dđűmõžmžäbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
,d.čkvtŋt	,d.čkvtŋbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čéÁčIđóőÁadjit	ejčéÁčIđóőÁžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
zä.džžbit	zä.džžbtášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
bvlÁnöKpŧuit	bvlÁnöKpŧue	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
üaaégíKäúüit	üaaégíKäúüdáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cS.jea	cS.jeat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
c xõglji	c xõgji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
äK.a  k.öargŋut	äK.a  k.örkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luoíp čml-nčit	luíp čml-nčtii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
íŋŋíársMAhpat	íŋŋíársMAbaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ítőáőgŋat	ítőáőkŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
.űÁŋndásuxit	.űÁŋndásuxgežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
IčiMŋt'éat	IčiMŋt'éoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
wóFö,sit	wóFö,sdášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
škobőpa	škobőas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
K Fäa'mmaIš	K Fäa'mmaIččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
-ámápcis	-ámápáin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
,Ixűwhkat	,Ixűwgašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
 fiožat	 fioždat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
číÁrpIctá,at	číÁrpIctá,zašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
õaäkMmFpt	õaäkMmFpttain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
őséüzMkŋat	őséüzMŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
kó ÁÁánCuat	kó ÁÁánCudažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
heartásőhut	hertásőhguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
wRÁöiRyáóat	wRÁöiRyáóda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
wFo vtit	wFo vtet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ő'íSžft	ő'íSžfleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
k öCKt	k öCKt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
wFjzdz'la	wFjzdz'a	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roanäüzK,täőit	ronäüzK,täőe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
cóMiuvat	cóMiuvdaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šM-íšžlõklat	šM-íšžlõkaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Axtžxüüžčat	Axtžxüüžčka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
bl-mwci	bl-mwit	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ÁlbhMóíkó,a	ÁlbhMóíkó,ii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Áŧvzúat	Áŧvzúet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
,šwõhiwIu	,šwõhiwIun	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ó jgnlrat	ó jgnlaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋőC üútüMi	ŋőC üútüMái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ŧčpwfsAfit	ŧčpwfsAfet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
č,f'šgút	č,f'šgúvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
äžlčozMKt	äžlčozMKdis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
yöŧmAS,čit	yöŧmAS,čeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
hü,h,űnžat	hü,h,űnžiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
uéáv.öžxtRvát	uéáv.öžxtR'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧű-pkSMit	ŧű-pkSMeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
íólőnőat	íólőnőbaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pöwwshkit	pöwwsgežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
nIzAstit	nIzAsti	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juoáőööb.Fut	juáőööb.Fbuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
MxjetMMoSgŋat	MxjetMMoSkŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hšoé,ja,Addat	hšoé,ja,Attale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Főúšŧŧt	Főúšŧŧvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
aóKIAüKüőit	aóKIAüKüőeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
KxőSIóírat	KxőSIóía	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boaKnŧczut	boKnŧczdolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dcAdklhča	dcAdklhča	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Cvrz dáSeAat	Cvrz dáSeAtaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoa KSSi. i	čo KSSi. giid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
jöhMC-át	jöhMC-ábeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
RőműõKät	RőműõKäše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
lfmŧčigFót	lfmŧčigFóbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Á.-Rsn.Ahpat	Á.-Rsn.Abaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SõäsÁSa	SõäsÁSan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
íäŋzuböt	íäŋzuböšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Chõópit	Chõópeappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
SčážwÁuyácit	SčážwÁuyáci	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
zzŋF,at	zzŋF,gan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
uiyđCb.hat	uiyđCb.hi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
hűeÁyléat	hűeÁylékaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
nRr.IKõxa	nRr.IKõxtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ítAFKis	ítAFKtásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
sčőaüxrat	sčőaüxašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
'šktpFSbhtit	'šktpFSbhežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
 övbüMKnit	 övbüMKneappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
a IxíRf'ftvat	a IxíRf'ftalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
RxKMőz,wynt	RxKMőz,wynža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ő,ylAÁbiMt	ő,ylAÁbiMt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
vwgIRjíput	vwgIRjíut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čanphas	čanphasa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ŋyíč.ézamos	ŋyíč.ézpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
űMlfmnlit	űMlfmnáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
-đúxŧbccdat	-đúxŧbccdot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
űfhnü ŧIflit	űfhnü ŧIflet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuocepđmit	vucepđmet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
AŧRčnmRnöemmas	AŧRčnmRnöebmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
hAiűöät	hAiűöäba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cohõgygđat	cokkaleihõgygđa	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
k.övíI áit	k.övíI átiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
eűgSMMt	eűgSMMžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ézõft-ovssu	ézõft-ksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
uhŋúüőíyá t	uhŋúüőíyá šii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
' láüöla	' láüöa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Aüúoűűŧa	Aüúoűűaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
uiúfItščat	uiúfItšalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'rluAbMpđgoggut	'rluAbMpđgkkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Fűjáuat	Fűjáuet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
rópz üü'.ašat	rópz üü'.aašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
Kúsyši	Kúsyšin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ew-z.öüöđt	ew-z.öüöđidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
vŧdődasIut	vŧdődasIdožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
 Iõaäbéfsat	 Iõaäbéfai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ükž RxűKCtut	ükž RxűKCtos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
heabCKkíFđraMut	hebCKkíFđraMgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
äóđfnž'ui	äóđfnž'uái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
k,.ääeéíólt	k,.ääeéíólt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
eiéžpőrbfđit	eiéžpőrbfđdáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,boKjyöxma	,boKjyöxma	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buo -tőkaIdŧöit	bu -tőkaIdŧöen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
nÁxüčitiét	nÁxüčitiébeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuoäšhbgheCut	čuäšhbgheCkuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
lC Áshpat	lC Ásbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
MóiwSpRäüűt	MóiwSpRäüűba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
úKžMy éS'cdnit	úKžMy éS'cnniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cadFđ,áí-Ft	caFđ,áí-Fžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
tv bőit	tv bőebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
 őűőöSa	 őűőöSaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
jŋótšdna	jŋótšnnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
lI'ŧv lát	lI'ŧv 'lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
SõčfkűóvFztta	SõčfkűóvFzddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
eü  šđoktut	eü  šđokošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dipfyngM- CIt	difyngM- CIžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
kKd.óõa	kKd.óõa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
h-A- rFit	h-A- rFon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧóó'úxsäŋs	ŧóó'úxsäŋs	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
i,ákdhkat	i,ákdgašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
ojožšRmzáčfat	ojožšRmzáčažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
ju AÁfaggut	ju AÁfkkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
yIíI Műgúva	yIíI Műgúva	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
.üÁxuzólit	.üÁxuzólehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
šõbKóSpwat	šõbKóSpwon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
mIí-abbbi	mIí-abppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
,š'-óo'Apit	,š'-óo'Api	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
aMđü,uđč vttir	aMđü,uđč ktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
diegíkwí'šóut	digíkwí'šóbošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
öMöRűwáéuar	öMöRűwáéukariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
põCöogltna	põCöoglna	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
z, MkvšFűAaikut	z, MkvšFűAikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-ű dfjkđlit	-ű dfjkđli	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
jxukŋCmfraat	jxukŋCmfrakalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
v,vRCliaammut	v,vRCliammot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
-RSmÁdna	-RSmÁnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
seaMiúnoŧőput	seMiúnoŧőposka	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
Cnxšäj iahcut	Cnxšäj izoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
byvcbAdpit	byvcbAdpigain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
czy'ákŋi	czy'ákŋái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
djjfuŧuit	djjfuŧuon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doaäđoCűŧúMIut	doäđoCűŧúMIvošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
lokaÁyCíŧt	lovtaÁyCíŧime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
híéCáó'etit	híéCáó'ettáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Cgőőtájr-t	Cgőőtájr-jehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
-jõ úpčÁt	-jõ úpčÁle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cr'vékáscat	cr'vékásažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
,üzMFoyfat	,üzMFoyfkažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
.sűőöéat	.sűőöée	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuodtžz đMówat	vutžz đMówaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
íAčÁaíit	íAčÁaíežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
úIőŋíödIat	úIőŋíödIoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ődydsdexbpmas	ődydsdexbbmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
mgSCI.ošat	mgSCI.ošvaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
nŋSűfit	nŋSűfeappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
őđFga ckt	őđFga ckba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 axrüŧMws	 axrüŧMwsin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gikőđ'SIuäAt	givsőđ'SIuäAleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
s,,kjCéäúddut	s,,kjCéäúttuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
jäöŋ-úaI.ávat	jäöŋ-úaI.áale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
saŋj-céewKt	saŋj-céewKga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
uŧšŧt áut	uŧšŧt áboleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.š.neCt	.š.neCba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
dChsRet	dChsRen	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čieÁbúSÁi.đat	čiÁbúSÁi.đet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
űüŋFoyéRž it	űüŋFoyéRž kiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ä'ú RabwöCut	ä'ú RabwöCložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
eSyöeűét	eSyöeűédiid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
Fdax t	Fdax t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
v-včőö,Ičet	v-včőö,Ičii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
'MžõgIđžut	'MžõgIđžcolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ram ffŋčt	Ram ffŋčt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
réslrühta	réslrüđaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
n.jgõzubmat	n.jgõzummaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-.úÁljt	-.úÁljžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
Roŧjcb it	Roŧjcb eažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
wógMáRSkcÁat	wógMáRSkcÁá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧöúdshűíivat	ŧöúdshűíiaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 đM fcčhkat	 đM fcčgažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suomúhpntit	sumúhpntet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
rihis tlat	riebažhis tlet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
bw.KxKókcut	bw.KxKóvcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
uríöüba	uríöühpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
 úžúiű- Msahci	 úžúiű- Msziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čeatM'SAíat	četM'SAíon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
úRzäyrát	úRzäy'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ú šrivat	ú šriašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
fKn-ét	fKn-éše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
õít,yIü.gőit	õít,yIü.gőtáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bÁwMSsrat	bÁwMSsaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cúxM Ápkčat	cúxM Ápvččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
 ébeđit	 ébeđdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čúhhKüAakcut	čúhhKüAvccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dadgŋ.Fe t	dagŋ.Fe šeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
Mó'SyfáRrit	Mó'SyfáRroset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
äáí,ti	äáí,tin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
g'hinIfjla	g'hinIfjaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
áó,ő,jSzit	áó,ő,jSzeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
čséűšMt	čséűšMt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
dáõđÁöa	dáõđÁöla	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ŋKvíŋIRpFošat	ŋKvíŋIRpFoaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
üéb..tlor-it	üéb..tlor-an	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
xAóđótut	xAóđótgoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
AšsŧnÁcwõt	AšsŧnÁcwõbuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
öš o nyit	öš o nyos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ű'RCt,ŧÁör	ű'RCt,ŧÁöriin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
šäoüeúpat	šäoüeúpgalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Sek.fec it	Sek.fec eiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
,l-lõdnzűtnit	,l-lõdnzűnežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
prAtšat	prAtšdaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CrúrKíCt	CrúrKíCšeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
áCsđ edjat	áCsđ djen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
zwüxečpvdš	zwüxečpvdččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
utääšit	utääšibehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
c.ibno'-vit	c.ibno'-ále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muoMšA-Köõő it	muMšA-Köõő oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
áSgáčit	áSgáčet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ű ŧxwgas	ű ŧxwasa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
tsáuöa	tsáuölaid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
rnšryűfwfit	rnšryűfwfat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
,MűmIFdjt	,MűmIFdjšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átrrr.KvžK-t	árrr.KvžK-ide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
xbž õt	xbž õn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
s-iuret	s-iuriidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
fFa-r,čIhkt	fFa-r,čIhkšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
RyõMivtSäut	RyõMivtSäos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuoeöÁbIčžyRšut	čueöÁbIčžyRškožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ankš weigut	ankš wiggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fMhnASűa'dnádet	etniinfMhnASűa'ttet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
čč,é t	čč,é šii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boaönmŧ m- jut	boönmŧ m- jduimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
űaa f,tdččat	űaa f,tdčaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
äđáSzÁ',yit	äđáSzÁ',ydášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
v ,FAŧđit	v ,FAŧášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
fű.jűgóxtvt	fű.jűgóxtvleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wilmázéut	wilmázédut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
k'õy.óRyü lat	k'õy.óRyü ašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
Rwdk,tžŋfsat	Rwdk,tžŋfaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gíAMgit	gíAMgeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋmpűŧkcyit	ŋmpűŧkcyežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
cáurčífš	cáurčífččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 CmkÁlRúut	 CmkÁlRúdošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
awlReöéAút	awlReöéAúžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
fúsüõápljut	fúsüõápjožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
SCkzdrt lt	SCkzdrt lvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋđpRÁaMčr	ŋđpRÁaMčra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŧđIófšyat	ŧđIófšyá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
vecÁínehci	vecÁínezi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
veRCbcn'hpat	veRCbcn'bat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŋln.l allut	ŋln.l loleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Czŧzčd-šlat	Czŧzčd-šažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
fuučužSõlr	fuučužSõlra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
K.Ifea t	K.Ifea t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
cđbMúwyt	cđbMúwyt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čiewŧeKrbčŋ.at	čiwŧeKrbčŋ.et	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ő,spvkska	ő,spvkneaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
S zFáit	S zFái	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
šcthŋäwat	šcthŋäwet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
južfoyö-t	južfoyö-jin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
awyŧŧsFa	awyŧŧsFan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
t híouFlõdlat	t híouFlõdaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mÁúpsŧhbFMit	mÁúpsŧhbFMos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
náőÁAAzcwt	náőÁAAzcwjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
sdt,CwFčšat	sdt,CwFčškale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
moiõ.ürat	moiõ.üaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
KÁéKSbõyŧRit	KÁéKSbõyŧRebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Rői-jhzScut	Rői-jhzSošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
'wyúbxŧSűrut	'wyúbxŧSűo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
hrzrMúa	hrzrMúat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Ika'n,it	Ika'n,on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
Rhí'őõh'lfit	Rhí'őõh'lfan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
o űvtSwit	o űvtSweigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
yójúűat	yójúűkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
rzíŧKKbclát	rzíŧKKbc'láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
hu ,Rdoš	hu ,Rdožiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
aCMéümat	aCMéümdažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
lfKđCpmhkat	lfKđCpmgažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
 öRaCoämđrat	 öRaCoämđat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
đawc'ŧi	đawc'ŧjit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
 ulRőggut	 ulRőkkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
eKfA š	eKfA ža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
tvžčit	tvžčit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
nár óMčha	ole nár óMčhnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ze tđnFŋnki	ze tđnFŋneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
áõeAgKzfIa	áõeAgKzfIkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
ÁÁŧoaőv.ta	olisit ÁÁŧoaőv.nnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
őeöFKnä	őeöFKnkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
áaaFúSuätza	olemme áaaFúSuätzeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
vžfihoanen	vžfihoasilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
özöxű'a	özöxű'oiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Fŧ,č'kjnen	Fŧ,č'kjsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
űwkw'Iäűéói	űwkw'Iäűéóilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
vhvöSä	olisi vhvöSnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
de'đóäFö	de'đóäFöitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
xžhŋÁf.fkai	xžhŋÁf.fkaeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
KtžőíkđCíu	KtžőíkđCíuna	N;FRML;SG;finnish
'ruyüAo	'ruyüAoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
IláuKä	älkööt IláuKkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
ÁáseA.ä	ÁáseA.isit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
faIy,a	ei faIy,nut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
őRóiwy vta	älköön őRóiwy vtko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
.Ajčsđi	.Ajčsđien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
đl-aämőpRCs	đl-aämőpRCs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
o.fMFba	o.fMFba	V;NFIN;finnish
a.Ayülä	älköön a.Ayükö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Cylüőőróčűi	Cylüőőróčűissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
iCaéAškzli	iCaéAškzlilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Mxhűuea	lienee Mxhűuetu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
.   éxäRkztyä	älköön .   éxäRkzdyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
gCnecű-Cä	olisi gCnecű-Cty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
jőú',a	emme liene jőú',neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
nđCűCei	nđCűCeista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
caü-ráce	caü-ráceiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
AéééűčMaRnen	AéééűčMaRsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
,dáoSujlta	,dáoSujlnille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
dv.uŋrtla	dv.uŋrtloiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Fđpű.Áúotaa	ette Fđpű.Áúoa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ábéwaőrs	ábéwaőrdelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
cűkuMíüki	cűkuMíüeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
vöűzyšõCuata	en vöűzyšõCukaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Kijésbmöä	on Kijésbmönyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
züajca	et züajcne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
-ívpygyžSti	-ívpygyžSilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
r nKjMAúfa	r nKjMAúfoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
 prbliKjla	älkäämme  prbliKjko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
šbSFFgi	šbSFFgien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
júzŧMbšžcyt	júzŧMbšžceisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
đüvš f.a	olisin đüvš f.nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
wlŋCeR.Koóa	wlŋCeR.Koókoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ŋóáröua	ei ollut ŋóáröuut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
KrFo'Ácüsä	KrFo'Ácüsästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
.lAjűo.i	.lAjűo.eihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
Mŧ gMwdna	Mŧ gMwdnassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Cb-ákIs	Cb-ákIdet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
őKõrõí ŧnen	őKõrõí ŧsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
žúvrkwpzŋa	olin žúvrkwpzŋnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
őuwjüfw'fátaa	őuwjüfw'fáettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
gCóÁvfta	ette gCóÁvfnneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
úšmh rää	älköön úšmh rettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
pdúRúŧk	pdúRúŧkeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
íúF ga	älkäämme íúF gko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
zKimhčíCxa	olen zKimhčíCxnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
öyŧőÁčđKŧCa	ei öyŧőÁčđKŧCa	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
üoleÁAóRata	ette üoleÁAóRpaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
'wöbKímfK,ä	lienemme 'wöbKímfK,neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
ot-ÁŧI ka	ot-ÁŧI oilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
nbpd,ä	en ole nbpd,nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
jttŋpúhä	lienet jttŋpúhnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennävl.őfRb.ln	menivätvl.őfRb.ln	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ckwádFaa	ckwádFi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
KgMűčya	eivät KgMűčyne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
z-cu,bcfta	lienemme z-cu,bcfnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
zűRCdčs	zűRCdčksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
jriänCús ca	jriänCús caan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
'rőbščbjšMtaa	'rőbščbjšMettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
xdpí'Küi	xdpí'Küille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Áarjri	Áarjri	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Maoaažšémä	Maoaažšémiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
cIfypKri	cIfypKriksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
švčlwdhjŧÁa	švčlwdhjŧÁoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
'ŧrčŧ.Rútti	'ŧrčŧ.Rútteja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
jõakzcä	älköön olko jõakzctty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
,.CcAő'i	,.CcAő'ia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
hčydvmas	hčydvpailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
AÁmcđm.óxi	AÁmcđm.óxissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
R Áüb-za	ette olisi R Áüb-zneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
m-öyhi	m-öyhea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
MéÁz'y	MéÁz'y	N;NOM;SG;finnish
tzđžú ŧ s	tzđžú ŧ ksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ččrCC ókatä	eivät olisi ččrCC ókanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
ónécéSä tajuntansa	ónécéSkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
űőéűšw,ŧŧsti	űőéűšw,ŧŧsille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
aMóIyóliKvs	aMóIyóliKvkset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
fmtxóõíÁlwa	fmtxóõíÁlwoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
IFsäáIxzõnen	IFsäáIxzõsella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
õpűlh,Cvs	õpűlh,Cvdellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Kŧŧwt.kč,da	ei liene Kŧŧwt.kč,dttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
jkéđäRŋäi	jkéđäRŋäeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
đzFdčÁši	đzFdčÁšia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
rmncclb la	en ole rmncclb lnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
cátšyŋo..ta	cátšyŋo..ava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
yõRöűa	yõRöűit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
RižnFa	lienen RižnFnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
űídűjClčođe	űídűjClčođkeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
rŋ,rwštä	älkäämme olko rŋ,rwšnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Ášaügžđnen	Ášaügžđsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
jöš áíxűnen	jöš áíxűsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
pžii.bs	pžii.bksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
CixK,úk ta	CixK,úk sin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
kőkyűüKcjtu	kőkyűüKcjduin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
k'pžmupŋ tyä	k'pžmupŋ nytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
M'žžzwvri	M'žžzwvri	N;NOM;SG;finnish
pÁűđäMä	ette pÁűđäMisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
üghnečaásta	üghnečaásta	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Fhú čFa	olisitte Fhú čFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
Apbtv'.ŋ'ka	Apbtv'.ŋ'alle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
p.FKränwa	p.FKränwoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
AIzbűi	AIzbűille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
äuAypCdútaa	ei äuAypCdúettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
ÁC  ŋRCa	olimme ÁC  ŋRCneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
áltrFjaa	oli áltrFjettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
ošbMcMi	ošbMcMeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
e időljMõa	e időljMõi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
zäsŧyAo	zäsŧyAoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
MúMví.pa	ei ole MúMví.pnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
IaKlŋúa	IaKlŋúaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
očeueđŧi	očeueđŧeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
aűšŋtM-yi	aűšŋtM-yille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
.Áy,uCda	et .Áy,uCnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
 úneyäžŋi	 úneyäžŋiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
žjzSíülúua	žjzSíülúukoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
,IMI.zMfaSe	,IMI.zMfaSteet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
-rüvtéspa	ette olisi -rüvtéspneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
yjKbäto	yjKbädot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
vč hFa	ei olisi vč hFnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
göügAtää	on göügAetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
óFuf.úíčnen	óFuf.úíčsestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
KAč Rtsma.o	KAč Rtsma.oja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
sŋ,ŧ'tä	olkaamme sŋ,ŧ'nneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
uAlácéjns	uAlácéjns	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ÁgõAe'Mba	ÁgõAe'Mba	V;NFIN;finnish
  đSwu	  đSwujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
vuäsRúä	vuäsRúät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
MbpüIi	MbpüIeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
őAűti-RsÁAa	őAűti-RsÁAat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Sšclwda	ei olisi Sšclwtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
iymóRa	olen iymóRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
yyóAMta	yyóAMtojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
óFbaövúgta	ei óFbaövúgnne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
Mó'RÁđea	ei Mó'RÁđeisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
w-vrđőšhöa	et w-vrđőšhöut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
F -'y,m.s-la	F -'y,m.s-taneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
cbfFnníeAMka	cbfFnníeAMan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
Süixuígáta	olivat Süixuígánneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
Aäyrűn	Aäyrűn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
üfxSšhs	üfxSšhs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
iwvóyrS,.taa	iwvóyrS,.ramme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
éí bbüa	éí bbüoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
čRRköCy	čRRköCyittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
,'hzKé-tua	,'hzKé-duttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
kwšhAočta	ei kwšhAočse	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
Ri-Moöfa	ette Ri-Moöfe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
ülÁxülhűs	ülÁxülhűs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Fcõ úóRs	Fcõ úóRksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
äypnűSčMa	olivat äypnűSčMneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
FuđúKa	FuđúKissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
h-čó.đta	h-čó.đamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
áKeIFt-nen	áKeIFt-set	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
 õk.xti	 õk.xeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ušIa'ää	ušIa'änet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
űníjIdjsdua	et űníjIdjsdu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
R õűRđõ.gmdä	olimme R õűRđõ.gmneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ačűfFéo	ačűfFéona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
cvhđsó,Ávi	cvhđsó,Ávit	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ű.-ždä	et ole ű.-ždnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
fštxwzüa	emme fštxwzüneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
š vS,ICi	š vS,ICein	N;INS;PL;finnish
,tcö-xhúđša	olit ,tcö-xhúđšnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
ázc-ümajti	ázc-ümajnit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
éiKbša	älkää olko éiKbšneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
cspržMFŋa	cspržMFŋitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
iiđcS,pávoä	emme olleet iiđcS,pávoeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
. K.íđcšŋa	eivät olleet . K.íđcšŋneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
 ešőcŧúđa	 ešőcŧúđoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
yŧ žyčxä	emme yŧ žyčxne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
eyjv u	eyjv uiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
wűfieüs	wűfieüksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
gl-ŋblnsébs	gl-ŋblnsébksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
cyüúõgwa	cyüúõgwnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
fRMõŋ,tíi	fRMõŋ,tíeillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
oös jízRda	en ollut oös jízRnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
kš,áča	kš,áčan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
Spŋinya	Spŋinyat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
žob I'wa	olit žob I'wnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
Rjn.Súks	Rjn.Súkkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
čIžwpõŋa	et ole čIžwpõŋnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
éšmKyéblR ka	éšmKyéblR assa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
gü, őxnMtää	gü, őxnMrettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
,üŋs.a	en liene ,üŋs.nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
õdhxdhMä	eivät olleet õdhxdhMneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
Rnsz éiä	olette Rnsz éieet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
émúőSža	émúőSžat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kyIInoetä	kyIInoenästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
đűofFda	đűofFn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
üMõáddšs lähisukulaisten kesken	üMõáddšdeksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
õŋőlíta	õŋőlínnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
aaSõpŧvóaa	ei liene aaSõpŧvóettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
đlÁüöhSSfa	đlÁüöhSSfoilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
x-bđõFöprÁa	ei ole x-bđõFöprÁut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
u'äémMwK'rko	u'äémMwK'roilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ÁóCđÁ,i	ÁóCđÁ,einä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
érvMuwzánen	érvMuwzásta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
biäs,ä	biäs,isitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
-fivőSwštaa	-fivőSwšdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
ökgčŧvmS-a	ökgčŧvmS-a	N;ACC;SG;finnish
-gbuxžövo	-gbuxžövoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
zydožobIR u	zydožobIR ista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
dŋrRbKee	dŋrRbKeteineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ó šäŧjd mtaa	ó šäŧjd mettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
, ošúso	, ošúsolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
íűaKgAa	íűaKgAoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
yMülgcznen	yMülgczsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
 pmlx pIõa	lienette  pmlx pIõneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
.RéÁjSeši	.RéÁjSešista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
örõšÁdka	örõšÁdat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
űólzRŧäMva	űólzRŧäMvin	N;INS;PL;finnish
FlgiigCéjFa	FlgiigCéjFoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
.ŧgoIűuo	.ŧgoIűuon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
dlóI-zču	dlóI-zčun	N;GEN;SG;finnish
šhŧbőahSMnen	šhŧbőahSMsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
šüfoóxaš,đr	šüfoóxaš,đrille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ÁCkkŋka	ÁCkkŋalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ŧb-õía	ŧb-õíasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
uéwúxl ŋva	uéwúxl ŋvilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
KKke ŋmda	KKke ŋmtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
Czúđ ä	ei ole Czúđ nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ŋúSőnxRŋa	lienet ŋúSőnxRŋnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
vfúmvüdíeja	vfúmvüdíejassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
MőFSäõöFti	MőFSäõöFnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
yŋcIđtua	ei ollut yŋcIđduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
v séhšIčÁta	olin v séhšIčÁnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
áuyFCo	áuyFCoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
.užúokKi	.užúokKeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
jÁozFki-xta	jÁozFki-xee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
öűóMŧÁ-zla	öűóMŧÁ-zkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ŋzápőéCda	ei ŋzápőéCne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
ÁaacölõMxla	ÁaacölõMxla	N;NOM;SG;finnish
-KIc,Fpo	-KIc,Fpoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
wkoveeke	wkoveekeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
.číoxűyčgika	.číoxűyčgjalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
őđgsčIđta	et ollut őđgsčIđnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
edöüŧ,'Ađáo	edöüŧ,'Ađáo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
RgMx,peđvka	RgMx,peđvknen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
ŧyŋžxőnŋ po	ŧyŋžxőnŋ oiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
soöjéIííi	soöjéIííia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
putÁõä	eivät putÁõisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
MsuKojöraMi	MsuKojöraMeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
,ä-Mõšfi	,ä-Mõšfit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Iscswõa	Iscswõat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
éÁwFéSIäa	et éÁwFéSIäne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
ŧh eCÁKi	ŧh eCÁKeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
čÁoŋ.nnen	čÁoŋ.nsessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
 ÁŧAo'ŧösro	 ÁŧAo'ŧösrolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
-kÁwca	oli -kÁwctu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
pđMxebzuwota	ovat pđMxebzuwonneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
v gõjgat	v gõjgilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
zkdhfdmwysu	zkdhfdmwysuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
űŧxówr i	űŧxówr in	N;GEN;SG;finnish
.nMSIúéAíellä	ei .nMSIúéAítele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
pk'uőíKüŋfa	pk'uőíKüŋfoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Mz,zwxéa	olkoon Mz,zwxéut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
bün űtaa mieleensä	ei bün űettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
xlCrCi ö	xlCrCi öinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
z-úäčšda	ei ollut z-úäčštu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
lAž žCy	lAž žCyä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
šizp,dÁöés	šizp,dÁöésten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ŧmyÁysmi	ŧmyÁysmeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
esööorđda	olisimme esööorđneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
öčidslcnellä	öčidslcntelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
öyClxővIožtua	ei öyClxővIožduta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
űhőÁuFCahä	űhőÁuFCahnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mu mfFŋ'a	mu mfFŋ'assa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋűIü zűMSwtaa	ŋűIü zűMSwdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
cAxegi	cAxegissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
pzz.,scRő'ki	pzz.,scRő'eista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
žb.z-ési	žb.z-éseissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
žKÁpóõđKöa	emme ole žKÁpóõđKöneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
äe'ŧfzüyMs	äe'ŧfzüyMs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
.úeiyda	eivät liene .úeiyneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
kuiízas	kuiízkaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydäztáÁméStíi	käynemmeztáÁméStíi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
-CAšŋžyi	-CAšŋžyi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
čFpCFuŋSoa	on čFpCFuŋSonut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ŋcnhsba	eivät olisi ŋcnhsbneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
ž,čšhécp	ž,čšhécpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
óžíSr.Sa	olkaamme óžíSr.Seet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
kŧgcrmxCšä	kŧgcrmxCšänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
td,h-dxaku	td,h-dxauille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
'aűa ä ŋIja	en ole 'aűa ä ŋIjnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
a pžMúhőŧ,taa	ei ole a pžMúhőŧ,ettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
úwwaó.Aoika	úwwaó.Aojat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
xeIRyíApi	xeIRyíAit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ciőFöínen	ciőFöísillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
IyŧtS,a	IyŧtS,a	N;ACC;SG;finnish
žvRšdöhoto	žvRšdöhototta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
yälšyõnen	yälšyõsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
dhóí éŋa	lienette dhóí éŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
úrácűuAbšvta	emme olisi úrácűuAbšvnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
ŧí.ŧŋuoAa	en olisi ŧí.ŧŋuoAnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
j'ryšš F'ón	j'ryšš F'ómissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ecúrc'Kn-a	eivät ole ecúrc'Kn-eet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
'ŋp,RžAä	'ŋp,RžAineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
xäídbCnen	xäídbCsista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
sos los	sos loksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
áűénzüMä	olkaamme áűénzüMeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
õIšžoFa	õIšžoFaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
aiűyüđüi	aiűyüđüi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
 .iASSitää	 .iASSidettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
.,öö'vža eka	.,öö'vža eoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
íbhx,ővšs	íbhx,ővšksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
zađzdöä	ette ole zađzdöeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
úűjöõfi	úűjöõfissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
űuxsla	űuxslaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ŋeSö noa	et ollut ŋeSö nonut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
'űvŧüáé-jmä	ole 'űvŧüáé-jmnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
eSIAšhđoä	ei olisi eSIAšhđonyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
-uppmđfbhno	-uppmđfbhnoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ü-õ čÁ ŋnúnen	ü-õ čÁ ŋnústen	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
űyä,Msba	űyä,Msbaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
k-tűzAa	emme olleet k-tűzAneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
đműKIIa	älkäämme olko đműKIIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
étáRkwüai	étáRkwüaistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
SíRoIsfwhtua	SíRoIsfwhdu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
,jcwoäs	,jcwoäksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
,wzdgüMi	,wzdgüMia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
úégá ä	oli úégá nyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
buv'x'õz.s	buv'x'õz.ksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
učCSđgúäs	učCSđgúäksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
wdőeŋa	eivät wdőeŋneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
yđaérCÁgnen	yđaérCÁgsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
eõkpá đöu	eõkpá đöut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
čú AFtä	čú AFnitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
đŋlhlet	đŋlhliksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
fűc.Is	fűc.Ikseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
- -nŧđAAxru	- -nŧđAAxrutta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
úIküčáwRu'a	emme olleet úIküčáwRu'neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
áõme.u'AÁŧe	áõme.u'AÁŧe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
SffK-ata	olin SffK-annut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
oh,õgűáu	oh,õgűáusta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
üroŧ jyyi	üroŧ jyyien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ubyR hMádä	ei olisi ubyR hMáty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
kvhcsFsőa	oli kvhcsFsőnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ípusŋhőciís	ípusŋhőciíteen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
MAéftfä	MAéftfnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
bäewAtíSáau	bäewAtíSáau	N;NOM;SG;finnish
rnzutjta	rnzutjamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
o.wbtetä	et ollut o.wbtesyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
lroõÁ,la	lroõÁ,taneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
eIKč'ä	en olisi eIKč'nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
özyőÁõä	özyőÁõälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
njCKtä''ka	njCKtä''oille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
tAzÁ-Aäkäíä	tAzÁ-Aäkäíältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
f,prüštaa	f,prüšettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
suo'-CštMti	suo'-CštMein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ŧMčKehž-ta	ei liene ŧMčKehž-sut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
Á bíđ ra	Á bíđ rtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
ŧÁä mwőÁKu	ŧÁä mwőÁKu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ŧbühéeella	ŧbühéetelivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
MiégfmrSta	MiégfmrSlatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
húCoryKló i	húCoryKló eilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
žóIgvi	žóIgveissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
äCáasa	olet äCáasut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
I'áIii	I'áIiihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
s.wIushwo	s.wIushwoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
eŋd jApke	eŋd jApen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
čMb Sóžfva	emme čMb Sóžfvneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
oáđű det	oáđű ksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
sFMo ä	sFMo käämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
 MÁRgeŧaa	olemme  MÁRgeŧaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
nűu ŧűõs	nűu ŧűõalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
'ŋRbáoda	'ŋRbáodoita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
őíg,.íoőrä	őíg,.íoőrään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
gdí-zM,ya	en ollut gdí-zM,yut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
KRAéŧčCga	et liene KRAéŧčCgnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
-by,kön	-by,ktömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
nzašMti	nzašMeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ŧiŋčtčfcja	eivät ŧiŋčtčfcjneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
äFzrč-FÁa	äFzrč-FÁkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
čp,,õjta	emme liene čp,,õjnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
űCdevxto	űCdevxdolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
pőC ü-Aku	pőC ü-Aussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
-scAwa	emme olisi -scAwneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
óAdxšoo,a	óAdxšoo,oineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
pnóőäža	pnóőäžkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
CpőéRyűe	CpőéRyűeet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
Fhk.óä	olit Fhk.ónyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
öŧ,nőa	öŧ,nőoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ž õwzŧFcíä	eivät olisi ž õwzŧFcíneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
Áwvg aFnAíä	Áwvg aFnAíöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
üiŋõIeKMka	et ollut üiŋõIeKMknut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
éSgóäAnaSs	éSgóäAnaSksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
övöpwkufkö	övöpwkuföillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ačKCkni	ačKCkneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
jtSyídi	jtSyídein	N;INS;PL;finnish
vŋéviúlhva	lienemme vŋéviúlhvneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
omšđtréo-tää	omšđtréo-ettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
dÁIKá,v'a	emme liene dÁIKá,v'neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
Rb-õCjáčjrki	Rb-õCjáčjreille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Iohd-nún	Iohd-númpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
aSű-rAšKpi	aSű-rAšKit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
l IFžÁüIAa	l IFžÁüIAalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ŋčŧMfahi	ŋčŧMfaheilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
pAoyűfyi	pAoyűfyilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
wgttkrRyti	wgttkrRyille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
erőxli	erőxlien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ŋK.ömIróÁo	ŋK.ömIróÁolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
,raKulõCcnen	,raKulõCcseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
CsAA.cŋRűdnen	CsAA.cŋRűdsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
.šMwSuRRwtaa	.šMwSuRRwettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
aó,őŧáopä	emme olisi aó,őŧáopneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
mSiFbda	mSiFbkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
öšlrfta	olit öšlrfnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
hkžoei	hkžoeeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
maAnnŋpo	maAnnŋot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
Ixűtuänea	älköön olko Ixűtuänetu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
ŋvtrmÁlŋđža	ŋvtrmÁlŋđžkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
čč.ä-eäyko	čč.ä-eäykoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
Iraőičvä	Iraőičvisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
äeKpnI'ä	äeKpnI'äksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
cáä.Ai	cáä.Aille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
žK-ítoa	olisi žK-ítotu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
zpg ,xdä	älkää zpg ,xdkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
šŧwđ,bda	olin šŧwđ,bnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
SeRjkk.dpöda	eivät olleet SeRjkk.dpöneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
õüg'-pögas	õüg'-pökaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
-MxÁeAŋpä	-MxÁeAŋällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
nlbnxuŋgti	nlbnxuŋgtia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ay  zäy žFe	ay  zäy žFkeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
scI-zuű-yoe	scI-zuű-yoeena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ŋbmžúKlá a	ŋbmžúKlá oitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
óiŧKwžüxúta	óiŧKwžüxúnan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
gadxevlča	olette gadxevlčneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
fM.SŧcohF ä	ole fM.SŧcohF nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
Míišnálpa	Míišnálpat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
šéíKcki	šéíKcit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
žwwxvmat	žwwxvpiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
bíšäwöC'CÁä	lienee bíšäwöC'CÁtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
Á'rižkö	Á'rižöissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
úuncÁtaa	ei úuncÁnettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
wö Rõwa	ovat wö Rõwneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
úbIvülFFSői	úbIvülFFSőille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Kéa úkä	oli Kéa úknyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
xjidšŋm ŧnen	xjidšŋm ŧset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kvuufIüAIn	kvuufIüAImettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Coőŧonhtu	Coőŧonhuksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
CuKKKiűtti	CuKKKiűtneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
CšúKSa	ole CšúKSnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
sf,ri'ežmói	sf,ri'ežmóit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
SeiFsln	SeiFslmia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
űúá.ó i	űúá.ó ien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ŧxíí ida	ette ŧxíí i	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
 ú.á olKAűe	 ú.á olKAűeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
cbcgžđfo	cbcgžđfoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
vlrwwŧđa	on vlrwwŧđnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
viüđyys	viüđyyksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
šMc-člA-Köti	šMc-člA-Köitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
uõwžMAöRi	uõwžMAöReilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
o őŧI-Cornen	o őŧI-Corsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
čFžIáÁvműa	čFžIáÁvműoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
uRdgoftaa	uRdgofat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
úhíMőí'öa	älkää olko úhíMőí'öneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
éčb.žhõfpwä	éčb.žhõfpwältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
sazžzcCáa	sazžzcCáttu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
đjesgkównen	đjesgkówsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
FsúaSdnáöúa	en FsúaSdnáöúsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
FK fšätIčoa	FK fšätIčoaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
clájFa la	clájFa takoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
IAoŧípa	en IAoŧípne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
õRi eä	õRi eien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdäInüiuui	ette olleet tehneetInüiuui	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
űlõcüsajda	olemme űlõcüsajneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
bäFuín	bäFuíneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
bgüj éša	lienet bgüj éšnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
'gkjyIlõä	'gkjyIlõä	V;NFIN;finnish
á.Aőwa	ei á.Aőwnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
guüđúcivúa	guüđúcivúa	V;NFIN;finnish
ófgzknóa	emme ófgzknóisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
räčhús'zčnen	räčhús'zčselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
dcmö-ä	dcmö-ä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
yy đhči	yy đhčiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
,vjőIú'éa	olette ,vjőIú'éneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
öõđš,nn	öõđš,nn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
AóÁjcu	AóÁjcua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
pög-dmőtűti	pög-dmőtűein	N;INS;PL;finnish
'ÁIú CuAi	'ÁIú CuAeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
MIun-Flžwo	MIun-Flžwona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ža'jwzö öa	ette olleet ža'jwzö öneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
wŋínlõžxa	älä ole wŋínlõžxut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
hmeKjólika	hmeKjóljoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ŧíRõháíao	ŧíRõháíaotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Róŧmíä	emme Róŧmíneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
RKemr-nčs	RKemr-nčksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ümhrőin,Kko	ümhrőin,Koille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
keüa.đda	emme keüa.đneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
aI,úé Ioka	aI,úé Iokana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
akSzk.äoFtää	akSzk.äoFit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
dIäc s	dIäc ksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
F'oóštyä	F'oóšyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
-lgM-nda	ei liene -lgM-ntu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
'oíCrbddSxti	'oíCrbddSxissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
FFzgíuFp'ata	ovat FFzgíuFp'anneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
éRA-zčíz.ga	lienemme éRA-zčíz.gneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
mbz.äa-twŧa	mbz.äa-twŧana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
CžadäéIpi	CžadäéImalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
tzFsíRüéAä	tzFsíRüéAtty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
ACgrka	en ACgrknut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ódKcIä	ódKcIä	V;NFIN;finnish
yvuKSctä	yvuKScet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
õMčaKodcđda	eivät õMčaKodcđsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
ÁbđiAky	ÁbđiAyltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
zoéRno	zoéRnona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
žóŧótúwŋf	žóŧótúwŋfeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
űkÁ'.éžRi	űkÁ'.éžReineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
űnŧõ.Mŋgö	űnŧõ.Mŋgöön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
-žŋC.ávđuMi	-žŋC.ávđuMein	N;INS;PL;finnish
šäK,f,xglnen	šäK,f,xglsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
yéShzSa	yéShzSkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
oRđop-vđüSa	oRđop-vđüSaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
hiCvma	hiCvmoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
éo ySCika	éo ySCjalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
'őueúÁŧa	'őueúÁŧalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
-šŧŧhCSžn	-šŧŧhCSžn	N;NOM;SG;finnish
 hgKxpkSpa	lienevät  hgKxpkSpneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
bx,áifMpši	bx,áifMpšeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Aóčxű,Fđűs	Aóčxű,Fđűksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
apIupõFx ói	apIupõFx óilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
oägóđta	älkäämme olko oägóđnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
wf,.nR'vóää	eivät wf,.nR'vóä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ŋzMhCía	ei ŋzMhCínut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
čxsŧgzäi	čxsŧgzäiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
MkõüRIäiwáata	MkõüRIäiwápasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
.žtóéáiMjóä	et liene .žtóéáiMjóyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
a-opCála	emme a-opCáisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
Iž.đűöeűla	Iž.đűöeűlttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
h umdä	h umdkäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
bbűennen	bbűensen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
m CKFđč''őa	älä ole m CKFđč''őnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
SFzjFnen	SFzjFsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
wc'öRnen	wc'öRsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
võIwudcúío	võIwudcúío	N;NOM;SG;finnish
đü bC hFsÁa	olkoon đü bC hFsÁnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
íõgadsta	íõgadsnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ä.wkSu	ä.wkSulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
xj-õmFjtaa	ei xj-õmFjettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
cűikfCpi	cűikfCeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
čõtw a	čõtw aan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
oč.Ftđiõs	oč.Ftđiõs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
éAyMóps	éAyMóptena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
mnSn-''ŧti	mnSn-''ŧin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
tđŋse'áMüa	älkäämme tđŋse'áMüko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
djí,ižtä	olin djí,ižnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
öSMamtMxella	öSMamtMxtelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
óŋISMp.nen	óŋISMp.sista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
äw jóžšdccda	älkööt olko äw jóžšdccneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
vlxžíéuIön	vlxžíéuItöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
höűC iíMdä	älköön olko höűC iíMnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
möóéšx e	möóéšx eiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
hõuóydki	hõuóydeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
RóÁdžKurzaa	olin RóÁdžKurzaut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
étsMúde	étsMúteesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
,Khŧsó--üä	eivät ,Khŧsó--üne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
'säMnailaa	on 'säMnailettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
ogŋčartää	ogŋčaretty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
MšRm'a	MšRm'at	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
šcűkF-jto	šcűkF-jolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Rzrw  va	Rzrw  vassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ouÁIFda	ouÁIFkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
xkžmá.Sékata	et xkžmá.Sékpaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
žrtw'Io	žrtw'Ioina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
gSoÁmeI ülä	gSoÁmeI üisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
KMd ŧõžusóa	KMd ŧõžusóilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ltMÁwta	en olisi ltMÁwnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ŧíüőxsóa	olimme ŧíüőxsóneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
áRön a	olisit áRön ut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
vd,õtzőóMtä	en vd,õtzőóMä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
b,Sčsta	ei olisi b,Sčsnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
šüí.iw péa	šüí.iw péaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ÁtéáMnen	ÁtéáMselle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
 űzöR.űki	 űzöR.űki	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
uM.űlŧta	uM.űlŧtaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
á,srSpo	á,srSoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
 éCCõCpoki	 éCCõCpogin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
riá ai	riá aeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ho',räda	ei olisi ho',rätu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
ódxúgvfš'áa	ódxúgvfš'áttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
Aő.iáŧMa	älkäämme Aő.iáŧMko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
b''ŧaűA a	ette b''ŧaűA neet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
 jčúõűővda	lienette  jčúõűővneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
,đ dsthxIkiä	,đ dsthxIin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
wúÁwínüuCúa	emme olleet wúÁwínüuCúeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
d,mnnida	ette d,mnni	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ŧáÁoga	ŧáÁogatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
žgfõspi	žgfõsissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
'õrzduéSi	'õrzduéSesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
õ,Rú Sgya	emme ole õ,Rú Sgyneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
,ŋgböä	älkööt ,ŋgbökö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
AžéAwuxxua	ei AžéAwuxxu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ű.lrnca	älkää olko ű.lrncneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
aMojba	älkää aMojbko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
tFgáRŧ de	tFgáRŧ tein	N;INS;PL;finnish
C-fe,íiRs	C-fe,íiRksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
oajhti	oajhtillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ndhxöd,véu	ndhxöd,véuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Knđyčrpíä	älkää olko Knđyčrpíneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
SnwäKIwIunen	SnwäKIwIusten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
iélkpe	iélkpe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
uk vüki	uk vüeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŧáčyesúlšádä	eivät ŧáčyesúlšási	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
Iííúja	älkäämme olko Iííújeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
RšŧjiSjxpva	RšŧjiSjxpvkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
đ-FeSfőMufä	đ-FeSfőMufällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
čuuCecúőőfda	čuuCecúőőfvat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
gKžõhIFi	gKžõhIFissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
rúrÁyia	rúrÁyisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
uéŋyžgmxi	uéŋyžgmxien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
õyúrfúpi	õyúrfúman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
üuRoKaRta	eivät liene üuRoKaRnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
öAiöobúnbtti	öAiöobúnbtit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
d hzrtä	olitte d hzrnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
uöfóAceKoűs	uöfóAceKoűksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
IõCaéa	IõCaéille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
'ÁŧmaR üä	'ÁŧmaR üä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
öíAaxAxúa	öíAaxAxúa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
vtCžžéakn	vtCžžéakmmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Czržs-oŧ,fs	Czržs-oŧ,fkselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
r-hđői	r-hđőeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
wúűÁűIFŧűwa	wúűÁűIFŧűwoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Álőűđídšóda	olisi Álőűđídšónut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
-CFyčtéŋha	-CFyčtéŋhaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
 --đhda	älköön  --đhko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
l äS..úxRAa	en l äS..úxRAnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ÁčChđvzji	ÁčChđvzjinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ŧŧéŧõedõtua	ŧŧéŧõedõduttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
xShdŋb ón	xShdŋb ón	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
ó.öxblSwnwtää	ó.öxblSwnwän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
aRudnta	en olisi aRudnnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ÁhpÁivfsKáu	ÁhpÁivfsKáuun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
uxMáFőžőitda	ei ole uxMáFőžőitnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ggä Si 'a	ggä Si 'at	N;ACC;PL;finnish
őš'uKn ža	olisi őš'uKn žnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
ŧőxxÁFiíMs	ŧőxxÁFiíMksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
,ókbžéto	,ókbžénoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
upšs- woci	upšs- wocit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
IFxCri	IFxCrein	N;INS;PL;finnish
vbkűaKűa	vbkűaKűoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ó'löŋőíšhtaa	on ó'löŋőíšhnettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
pűlRő'ha	ei olisi pűlRő'hnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
čšcŧhíolÁia	olen čšcŧhíolÁinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
uIšbčžŋz-Knen	uIšbčžŋz-Ksesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ljŋűmi	ljŋűmi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ok,óSldCä	lienevät ok,óSldCeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
étöexvti	étöexvissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
kI hza šn	kI hza šn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
űSÁnóa	űSÁnóatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
yjäézMbdä	olkaa yjäézMbneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
đöáŋC.da	olisi đöáŋC.nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
wSbšs'iáŧta	ei wSbšs'iáŧsut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
Fh-eFta	Fh-eFroissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋó.lFdóa	eivät olisi ŋó.lFdóneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
hódg-Mf,ócö	hódg-Mf,ócöjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
miiymäShtua	miiymäShdutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
 đFűúea	olisi  đFűúettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
šAíeü.mültua	šAíeü.mülnun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
trwdMi	trwdMien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
rjđgština	rjđgštinassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
 šoÁgSűíõä	 šoÁgSűíõässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
üsäđőtvFSeki	üsäđőtvFSegein	N;INS;PL;finnish
š'čKšú'jSgnen	š'čKšú'jSgsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
đMdŋöSjmőa	ei đMdŋöSjmőttu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
eõsbopõ,ä	eõsbopõ,ältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Áwurüša	ette Áwurüšisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
IoARxFi	IoARxFilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
nkR.šááúűgi	nkR.šááúűgien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
íájš.u	íájš.uista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
zCpoüó-čca	zCpoüó-čcat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ä.aŋóä	ä.aŋóät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
óC  Rkŧvi	óC  Rkŧvein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
č KóIáŧfiűa	č KóIáŧfiűiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
Koóv.Av-a	et olisi Koóv.Av-nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
axur kúIa	emme axur kúIne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
óäFRdKocyö	óäFRdKocöiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
cMA,dSa	olkoon cMA,dSnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
út-f.íta	út-f.ínnee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
 ežMÁvŋ'čda	 ežMÁvŋ'čmme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
z-ópóRužäa	olin z-ópóRužänut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
cenilčõ'ka	on cenilčõ'knut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
xS,úŧhšđgtä	xS,úŧhšđgsevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
tm,Rktyä	tm,Rknyttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
rjđisžfemúa	ette rjđisžfemúe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
čt-uođba	čt-uođbat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
wgeŧycúlda	olisimme wgeŧycúlneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
w.artSđtää	ei w.artSđetä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
ddžõSfys	ddžõSfyksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
SMoÁMnMys	SMoÁMnMysta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
cny Aöe	cny Aökeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Mžuŋõtővi	Mžuŋõtőveissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
arlu.Kla	arlu.Ktava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
šRÁđŧzrwa	šRÁđŧzrwat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
űRrvlía	űRrvlíalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
C'.ugMzmktaa	älköön olko C'.ugMzmkettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
áindúMó'yyo	áindúMó'yyoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
pufwIča	pufwIčoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
bgafzo	bgafzoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
FlfI'pgetä	FlfI'pgkenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
á.ŋcta	á.ŋctalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
öSyasva	älköön öSyasvtako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
líŋgylä	líŋgylöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
gaáfáÁe	gaáfáÁeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
đsFkŧ'wäyhnen	đsFkŧ'wäyhsesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
MMm Cűäűä	emme MMm Cűäűeet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
Kŧgü'öíöđzi	Kŧgü'öíöđzeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
, Ičüdö	, Ičüdössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädämrkznsi	lienevät jääneetmrkznsi	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
gAsđč,éža-ää	ei liene gAsđč,éža-etty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
.iKžvnŧűla	on .iKžvnŧűtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
'čšKűõMta	'čšKűõMnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
,rf.öuknŋta	olin ,rf.öuknŋnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
õőüŧűvđMFoa	et õőüŧűvđMFone	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
K tőévi	K tőévin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ápÁA vožcs	ápÁA vožctena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
üúbC Ki	üúbC Keistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Cd cvzkya	Cd cvzkyoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
wlűüžö,äünä	et ollut wlűüžö,äünnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
sbí Mjđsztä	emme olleet sbí Mjđsznneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
äwíxí lta	älkää olko äwíxí lnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
 o ŧíŋa	olkoon  o ŧíŋnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ifuwnnwíi	ifuwnnwíeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
urMšõIptÁa	urMšõIptÁina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
AyfIönÁda	AyfIönÁkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
űš úkró'meä	űš úkró'meiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
gűf.,žCčüku	gűf.,žCčüuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
úzoŧutaa	úzoŧuimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
,wMäŋ đxnen	,wMäŋ đxsille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
iőők vŋša	emme iőők vŋšne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ezžčya	ezžčyoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Fl, n as	Fl, n kaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
Ijmš--rä	olkoon Ijmš--rnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
óŧo.đnen	óŧo.đsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
őäR űIzón	őäR űIzón	N;ACC;SG;finnish
őj Siti	őj Sineilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
,ÁAeűnen	,ÁAeűsiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
maIloa	maIloisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
Aő'tö,i	Aő'tö,i	N;ACC;SG;finnish
víKö,a	víKö,oitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
šróevC,ŧčä	ette liene šróevC,ŧčeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
héíõkAŧjka	héíõkAŧjat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
oükóbnen	oükóbsissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
-hčáča	-hčáčttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
elé--,vFűpä	olin elé--,vFűpnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
iwkyosõinen	iwkyosõisina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
e-äh.,npi	e-äh.,nmissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
üőkáöAvÁ,öä	en üőkáöAvÁ,öisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
úáotIecođa	en liene úáotIecođnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
hz wđä	hz wđän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ínSđoMön	ínSđoMtömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
cal čgxtaa	eivät cal čgxa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
f,űl a	f,űl isivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
őđACöaaíü i	őđACöaaíü inä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
' čCáđsa	' čCáđsisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
bmItpma	bmItpmoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ly-gvezuCča	ly-gvezuCčatta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
áú-CéuMčótä	áú-CéuMčótällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
õÁ.iđ-i-o	õÁ.iđ-i-oilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
jSwÁdyža	jSwÁdyžoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
épxé-Kša	épxé-Kšvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
õit'jza	õit'jzista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
vŋl äeSAkao	vŋl äeSAkaoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
Rwhŋčo	Rwhŋčo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
áűsŧMűCha	olivat áűsŧMűChneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
opzetAcžta	olimme opzetAcžnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
-ŧ,gõK,dä	-ŧ,gõK,nevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
Rudyca	Rudyctakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
u,.e úFö	u,.e úFöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
sbđvőAo	sbđvőAoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
pb'-whc'ta	pb'-whc'ralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
hdFupuđbkűnen	hdFupuđbkűsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
.f,FcÁä	.f,FcÁä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
wđóKCű'wIin	wđóKCű'wItimilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
dK žurxnen	dK žurxset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
míaeöiž'a	ei míaeöiž'taisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
äŧfŋáhi	äŧfŋáhia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ancväfŋa	ancväfŋilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
äwgõ mdxet	äwgõ mdxineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ee'ó uáó'tä	ei ollut ee'ó uáó'nnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
xgú'ACCóläs	xgú'ACCólkäillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
'žŧ'Sšűáva	'žŧ'Sšűávalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
R 'kŧRlä	ei ollut R 'kŧRty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
č-mMMnRzaűs	č-mMMnRzaűksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ü'õvž Ka da	älkää olko ü'õvž Ka neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
tFdotyhočtyä	tFdotyhočlyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
Ágfä,rüo	Ágfä,rüoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
öC  mji	öC  mjeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
éénűeóóõta	ei éénűeóóõnnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
čjócSi	čjócSein	N;INS;PL;finnish
Ičhtnžköttyä	on Ičhtnžkötrytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
p'óbye	p'óbyein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ko ó'fón	ko ó'fómmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Sdwapwa	Sdwapwiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
.ä.Fšja	ole .ä.Fšjnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
rõÁlIä	rõÁlInemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
AümKAkInen	AümKAkIset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
 d-ji-IábÁpi	 d-ji-IábÁmaksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
eéeőáržbnFda	en eéeőáržbnFne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
zlúoázmúõta	zlúoázmúõnnevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
veőntRpõs	veőntRpõksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
MaFwczs -a	eivät olleet MaFwczs -neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
utcõía	utcõíoihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
űvžc -pfo	űvžc -pfoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
mõdđÁ on	mõdđÁ tomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
röfõáütua	älä röfõáüdu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
Áőatwa	lienen Áőatwnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
cő .õi	cő .õia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
bžryóu	bžryóuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
SéahKküölä	älköön olko SéahKküöty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
aű,dRííä	olen aű,dRíínyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Fieoétaa	ei ole Fieoéettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
úőmíars	úőmíarksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
đóőö'Rčrika	đóőö'Rčrjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
-vőđsűozmata	en -vőđsűozmkaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
đsáđhuÁõe	đsáđhuÁõeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ŋmxímona	lienette ŋmxímonneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
Msfcšxitaa	ei ole Msfcšxidettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
Išjnäúb s	Išjnäúb ksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
đÁúwüS-hSMnen	đÁúwüS-hSMsiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
 AtzwSuta	en ollut  AtzwSunnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
yaŋCébdioŋtää	ei liene yaŋCébdioŋetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
ó,-dúúípzbä	olkaamme ó,-dúúípzbeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
v.raöŋui	v.raöŋuina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
čKäguű-nen	čKäguű-sten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
aíe,mga	älä ole aíe,mgnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
nfű-Smvrza	nfű-Smvrzitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
lhAMűjéŋba	lhAMűjéŋbaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
óűxsojžtä	en olisi óűxsojžnnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
rI-étülä	rI-étüi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
fyihčú űűúä	en liene fyihčú űűúnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
CKrótŋÁúoytää	lienee CKrótŋÁúoyetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
khžwedCűji	khžwedCűjeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
űS-pvIrščune	űS-pvIrščuteen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
Md,čhKzRói	Md,čhKzRóenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
oFšožams	oFšožamksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
úxhséüŧöfe	úxhséüŧöfeet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
K s.űöb'a	K s.űöb'tiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
őpagmđerCä	őpagmđerCillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
pgzÁearpi	pgzÁearpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
Svxbđfvüűi	Svxbđfvüűin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
őFMFéC u	őFMFéC uineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
žk séügta	žk séügatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
deždžđes	deždžđes	N;ACC;SG;finnish
šöfű.Mjlta	olimme šöfű.Mjlseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
RKxmfto	RKxmfoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ÁobRsi	ÁobRsillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
yälzšsvcmaa	oli yälzšsvcmettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
öbáeäpda	olkoon öbáeäpnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
šIágga	šIággitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
bü-ícűda	en bü-ícűsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
éyczõđata	éyczõđtaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
Ágcxäeáeäa	olitte Ágcxäeáeäneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
ŧoC',sŋs	ŧoC',sŋs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ghápsŧ,Ida	ei liene ghápsŧ,Itu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
cčõf obCMoa	eivät liene cčõf obCMoneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ŧšj'gä Mö	ŧšj'gä Möt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
KwpnSúeCto	KwpnSúeCoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
őŧszgšnen	őŧszgšsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
yđIőrđ'tta	en liene yđIőrđ'tnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
xgfsŋm	xgfsŋmiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
IhgkđbIta	älkäämme IhgkđbIko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
íjxpeüa	en liene íjxpeünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
d-rRt-voea	d-rRt-voeana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
RščRúloi	RščRúloeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
põI-,čáRata	põI-,čáRtaisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
d,yjč taa	oli d,yjč ettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
oní wRo	oní wRot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
bnõčyrs	bnõčyrksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
eÁfőówážči	eÁfőówážčista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
á,Ámíti	á,Ámíeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
õé dFšvjö	õé dFšvjössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
űnSksho	űnSksho	N;ACC;SG;finnish
jh,gwtä	emme jh,gwseet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŋpuxđőc-ksa	ŋpuxđőc-kskoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
vdžhjata	vdžhjkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
j.vsxhi	j.vsxheihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
dxCxIčvüi	dxCxIčvüittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
F,hŋn,jeä	on F,hŋn,jenyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
vžűnfšK,pä	vžűnfšK,ästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
u l'oä	ei u l'onyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
zŧ xpta	zŧ xpaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
 éxxg.aa	ei ollut  éxxg.ettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
úwb xpo	úwb xossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
wo wŧä	wo wŧöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
íõp wRuwzeta	olisimme íõp wRuwzenneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
jtŋpIa	jtŋpInen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
'eõdiMõi	'eõdiMõien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
rűÁk ácfda	olisimme rűÁk ácfneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
zílpöõMém	zílpöõMémiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
osjfAtps	osjfAtpksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ü ev ž Rőa	ü ev ž Rőn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
eedzaä	olisi eedzanyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
pÁR čäySme	pÁR čäySmen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
, wsÁpe.đtaa	älköön olko , wsÁpe.đrettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
ŧcyI- bSía	ŧcyI- bSíissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
zgtlđjehInen	zgtlđjehIsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
ođvškgthlita	ei olisi ođvškgthlinnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
 õsúíúIäi	 õsúíúIäeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
SöčóŧõőMõõa	SöčóŧõőMõõaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
uKkKõi	uKkKõista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
cKeúSöúúra	cKeúSöúúri	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
uKžpicđSšói	uKžpicđSšóetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ŋocÁCMCáAda	ei ŋocÁCMCáAnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ínŧrIuon	ínŧrIutomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
habvoŧa	emme liene habvoŧneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
nüp-exi	nüp-exein	N;INS;PL;finnish
js ő úõCi	js ő úõCi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
púztFCIRu	púztFCIRuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
äin ŧKFs	äin ŧKFdeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
íí'ww-ŋŋa	lienen íí'ww-ŋŋut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
b,zjiöpKRa	olkoon b,zjiöpKRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
fmolóRbli	fmolóRblilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
dvtúäuMda	eivät olisi dvtúäuMneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
Ijíéöa	olemme Ijíéöneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
čpkÁcs	čpkÁcksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
fűubhÁäta	eivät olleet fűubhÁäseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
őfIéíššía	őfIéíššía	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ASšž.õx..ka	ASšž.õx..atta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
cwŋílžáččne	cwŋílžáččnkeitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
gbäyjK,üäói	gbäyjK,üäóia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
č.ođmgnsőpi	č.ođmgnsőilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋpwSp übíä	en ŋpwSp übínyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
yéőebŧ.vo	yéőebŧ.voja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ő'űüášAša	oli ő'űüášAšnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
k yódlŧvűcä	k yódlŧvűcvä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
w.fgSóo.jä	w.fgSóo.jisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
đyáMdwõotaa	ei đyáMdwõoettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
mŧévöÁRíóä	mŧévöÁRíóiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
Rgŋ-yi	Rgŋ-yien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
A óKoda	ette liene A óKoneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
šŧaxFöái	šŧaxFöáeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
fmo.'đa	fmo.'đisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
R gvžRüŧáta	ette R gvžRüŧáa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
őúCynSMtä	őúCynSMtään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
gecŧeúRAvä	ette liene gecŧeúRAvneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
MRÁAjfha.Cnen	MRÁAjfha.Csiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
 č.lbF e	 č.lbF teissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
áč'xdv,fde	áč'xdv,fteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
iükKr-ä,ááa	iükKr-ä,ááalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
űykdõesčáä	ei olisi űykdõesčátty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
pbó öMiha	en liene pbó öMihnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
ižFzuthäs	ižFzuthäkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
,knäubós	,knäubóksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
óäte ŧyÁ,ota	óäte ŧyÁ,onisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
.ečlkvjstaa	.ečlkvjsettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
 KdfhűäűFa	olkoon  KdfhűäűFtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
Sta'íšchđä	älköön Sta'íšchđttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaa š ACMhRFi	olet antanut š ACMhRFi	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
čjaškta	čjaškisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
õžyšjeóFõõka	õžyšjeóFõõiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
jfsčsi	jfsčseineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
,,éõcit	,,éõceilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
eF,Cčta	olen eF,Cčnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
čAxva s	čAxva detta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
đzšzlõfkis	đzšzlõfkiksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
lízžűčuöus	lízžűčuöus	N;NOM;SG;finnish
šdAüp-ŋõki	šdAüp-ŋõkeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
lh,AŋFxxoa	ei lh,AŋFxxonut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
-öz gŧMvAi	-öz gŧMvAin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
áütŧIka	áütŧIalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
õÁFsÁčä	olisimme õÁFsÁčneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
sAv hi	sAv hiksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
IhCõ'vs	IhCõ'vhittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
őxdgÁőóõä	őxdgÁőóõä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
nwnü.fdŧa	emme ole nwnü.fdŧeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
íá.ÁnKüta	íá.ÁnKünoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
dűsőS,ycmzi	dűsőS,ycmzinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
zäazIőčeúön	zäazIőčeúömpien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
KIđwžáišhžta	älkää olko KIđwžáišhžnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
kFwmknen	kFwmkselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
njcálűä	ole njcálűnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ixF-aä	ixF-aä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
e oíögmä	e oíögmin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
késma'emRFnen	késma'emRFsta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
 axpŋIi	 axpŋIeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ŧMöcrűšóés	ŧMöcrűšóéksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
,šmb a	en ole ,šmb nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytääCiÁež' i	ei ollut pyydettyCiÁež' i	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
ümwhšžo	ümwhšžossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
hg.đfávéaCko	hg.đfávéaCoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
 RArh-üi	 RArh-üein	N;INS;PL;finnish
g.ádRtää	et g.ádRä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
aéosőőnFha	lienee aéosőőnFhut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
IheáIkiä	emme IheáIi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
hF-ŋyšeSspä	hF-ŋyšeSspty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
k-sznji	k-sznjista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
eolraž.őo	eolraž.őolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
hKšŧŧma	hKšŧŧsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
k.cóÁS Aáõm	k.cóÁS Aáõmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
t.ólč,.ŋ'Mm	t.ólč,.ŋ'Mmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
,áődydfCŋma	,áődydfCŋsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
otbmöÁekama	olgu otbmöÁeatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
öts žIm	öts žImiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
',M öüCzŧwa	',M öüCzŧwades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
cčodua	cčodua	V;NFIN;estonian
 jC-fŋäa	 jC-fŋäates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
bfÁuSe	bfÁuSed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
aRŋKáúm	aRŋKáúmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
RiéüSnma	ärgu olgu RiéüSnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
rá  e -ma	ei rá  e -tud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
üšMCcađÁene	üšMCcađÁestena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Ka-újdzper	Ka-újdzpril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
tíőüučõma	tíőüučõame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
uF vglakFzne	uF vglakFzseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ézöchma	ézöchsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
čnbőlöíKdđr	čnbőlöíKdđris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
učxäénv-pus	učxäénv-pus	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Ikfok gmma	Ikfok gmtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
õŋűíRv	õŋűíRvana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
čóđđFa	čóđđFas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
nÁ mIcdrő-er	nÁ mIcdrő-risse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋ'CgmfčAama	ära ŋ'CgmfčAa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ÁÁbuIís	ÁÁbuIístesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
naj 'ŋyRAma	ei olnud naj 'ŋyRAtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ŧŋRöjvüéa	ŧŋRöjvüéateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ö-xžFIgm	ö-xžFIgmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
IIúküyma	IIúküyti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
,t  Kúma	,t  Kútakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
öráíču	öráíčus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
híkishrma	ärgu híkishrku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
éŋiK Sé'őma	oli éŋiK Sé'ődud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ydäűkl's	ydäűkl'steni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
'gmbbn Fa	'gmbbn Fale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
zRlCMáxogte	zRlCMáxogtedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
űlsSCFŧvema	oleksid űlsSCFŧvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
húŧgrdama	húŧgrnaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
Fé eÁé tns	Fé eÁé tnst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
đücü'iCen	đücü'iCnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
jc,kvryn	jc,kvrynid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ŧžűnmxln	ŧžűnmxlnasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
äbvóíxv	äbvóíxvasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
.w eŋm	.w eŋmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
KőliKüo ma	ei KőliKüo vat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
FdAšcčŧuu	FdAšcčŧuutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ŧőKčÁses	ŧőKčÁsered	N;NOM;PL;estonian
lnfj,uoma	lnfj,uodav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ééđstŋn	ééđstŋnile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
eŋwcd cúe	eŋwcd cúe	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ghübäđma	ghübäđb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
đu óđma	đu óđtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
sIáKRőSvbma	sIáKRőSvba	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
đóžjsM,xéMma	đóžjsM,xéMksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
nuóáhgđ őma	ärgem nuóáhgđ őkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ŧl-cpÁr	ŧl-cpÁrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
arüRMéAŧma	arüRMéAŧtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
äáÁpxaa	äáÁpxaana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
Ahwbh.e,órv	Ahwbh.e,órvatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
 üčúséhutma	 üčúséhudavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
zFhdõn	zFhdõnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
d -tene	d -tesed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ŋúeõ níoks	ŋúeõ níokseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
uáxempkSvwma	uáxempkSvwad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
g,lbđčűma	g,lbđčűksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
iIrMuz'cMűk	iIrMuz'cMűkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Cöusjma	ei olnud Cöusjetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
IxFrykõjkžma	IxFrykõjkžsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
 jAaúűma	olevat  jAaúűtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
üŋ'x účRts	üŋ'x účRtstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
éxjskbrŧäma	on éxjskbrŧänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
kdíCkvma	ei olevat kdíCkvnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
lvgvK Ážpama	lvgvK Ážaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
bIaúõ,Alczs	bIaúõ,Alczstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
dűšžxt-u	dűšžxt-una	N;FRML;SG;estonian
aCIxŧFlyr	aCIxŧFlyrid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
Koč üjžđma	oli Koč üjžđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
tŧtFnpđíxhma	tŧtFnpđíxhksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
cčõrpppk	cčõrpppku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
äžacäc,tSa	äžacäc,tSe	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
csžhűžk	csžhűžkutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
čIvMčõfa	čIvMčõfatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ŧ-íóSfma	ŧ-íóSfeksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
p-ŋűzäűs	p-ŋűzäűsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
áűéŋ ne	áűéŋ seni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
űõúawŧr	űõúawŧri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
yxrűSwdma	ei olevat yxrűSwretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
e'šézí jju	e'šézí jju	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ISfMCr	ISfMCriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ruűíđl úma	ruűíđl úaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
õFöööyArxđv	õFöööyArxđvad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ŋ-áüvvűč ós	ŋ-áüvvűč ósena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
j hI uwhéŧu	j hI uwhéŧuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
xüáõbKškÁm	xüáõbKškÁmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
K-ssühöõs	K-ssühöõs	N;NOM;SG;estonian
 jöőéäbma	 jöőéäbtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
'Rőšrs	'Rőšrga	N;COM;SG;estonian
jhFm-nma	olite jhFm-nnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
.i iérđsma	olin .i iérđsnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
íy õÁpma	ei íy õÁptud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ŋét ŧma	ŋét ŧtaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
bđRAčjúma	oleksime bđRAčjúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ŋűäÁRlCéka	ŋűäÁRlCékas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
-prnmkdŧma	olin -prnmkdŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
Átdgü ŋđčle	Átdgü ŋđčledes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
õtxõÁúst	õtxõÁústuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
óéax.ma	óéax.ks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
õ ázFier	õ ázFiritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
üÁcAima	oli üÁcAinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
KKžvueStők	KKžvueStőkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
jŧ,šfüõmxäi	jŧ,šfüõmxäi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
jhÁKspgáCzma	jhÁKspgáCzsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
dówešIma	on dówešItud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
évŋ đxFŋ,mma	évŋ đxFŋ,mksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
RÁIrróőtner	RÁIrróőtdrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
stÁ. rCmŧFu	stÁ. rCmŧFudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
šjőõpvŋíma	ei šjőõpvŋívat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
wouÁŧőCowu	wouÁŧőCowuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
lu.Rrőőma	lu.Rrőőan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
f-oépűSu	f-oépűSuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
dáxtMma	dáxtMsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
fbč.ő.nojne	fbč.ő.nojsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
s-hgžžžsmk	s-hgžžžsmkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
gxűuígkama	oleme gxűuíganud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Fbpaus	Fbpaustest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
F đg,r	F đg,riteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ytxúea	ytxúea	N;PRT;SG;estonian
í tlü mbxsu	í tlü mbxsuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
fKkőyel	fKkőylatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
MRotodliáama	ära MRotodliáa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
 óhõŋa	 óhõŋa	V;NFIN;estonian
úKaxúk	úKaxúku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
wAhxž-ra-Mma	ärgu wAhxž-ra-Mku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
žáSbKtma	ei žáSbKa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
lyđžoõád	lyđžoõádast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
oä'.Sdma	oä'.Sdgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
Cŋs h.uma	olete Cŋs h.unud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
údkžkMüõma	ei údkžkMüõtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
áugbR é.Fma	oleksid áugbR é.Fnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
-llđéõőnđőma	ärgu -llđéõőnđőgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
đÁ.űéđma	đÁ.űéđnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
bŋAkö.ácöma	bŋAkö.ácöks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
hxcKhír	hxcKhírita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
rbá roIcrma	olid rbá roIcrnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
 ŧwurš,ma	ei olevat  ŧwurš,nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
plõ,dõSr	plõ,dõSrtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
evn ččws	evn ččwks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Áfcfušőgema	Áfcfušőete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
wŋtj đma	wŋtj đtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
IožtÁma	IožtÁksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
vkđwkte	vkđwktetel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
x'boíyču'đma	x'boíyču'đvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
gíSüKsőõl	gíSüKsőõlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋKRõCma	oleme ŋKRõCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
íŧdpSMŧydäs	íŧdpSMŧydästeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ÁipR-ŧRékdma	ÁipR-ŧRékdtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
AMndSm	AMndSmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
 IKkén	 IKkénites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
 j,pIgösdm	 j,pIgösdmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
,,ámiwj,SRu	,,ámiwj,SRuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
péűRzlma	ei olnud péűRzlnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
úfgMmlc ŋgs	úfgMmlc ŋgsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
j-žíMdm	j-žíMdmitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
éMáŋw,ulfkima	éMáŋw,ulfgiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
xryö-dú,sne	xryö-dú,ssele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
fhvézCíu	fhvézCíuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
suz.FseärfAri	z.FseärfAroega	N;COM;SG;estonian
aFüMamm	aFüMammdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
 eöoőúdčcs	 eöoőúdčcst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
đxSwMma	olin đxSwMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
öčcéms	öčcémt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
űžežCKlc ma	űžežCKlc vad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ySfűűŋá u	ySfűűŋá uid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
hf-o.ís'r	hf-o.ís'ritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ísjCõ ,.ä'u	ísjCõ ,.ä'udeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
rpgežma	ärgu olgu rpgežnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
Stšézpr	Stšézprdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Apŧžbúöur	Apŧžbúöuriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
đKm'eunúAčma	ei đKm'eunúAčvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
vgfhnv	vgfhnvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
kđiA- lFne	kđiA- lFstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ü.MC ma	ü.MC ev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
'úhpRxŧäMnma	ärgu olgu 'úhpRxŧäMnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
rAúõ,,om	rAúõ,,omiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
 FihlÁMl	 FihlÁMlid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ú.M,as	ú.M,ase	N;GEN;SG;estonian
útjb. hŋma	olete útjb. hŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Cbtüőoeđin	Cbtüőoeđinast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
afxíõRMama	ärgu ofxíõRMu alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
bčŧnofk	bčŧnofkuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
év póm	év pómini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
röŋRü'r	röŋRü'rini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
xwŧúxöma	olin xwŧúxönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
Á,ébénčsne	Á,ébénčssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
ICäčuMk	ICäčuMkuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
hKFIš-g-ma	ei ole hKFIš-g-tudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
űFIa'ma	olevat űFIa'tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
őRáüFbFdášma	őRáüFbFdášv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
decgRlRAAšdama	decgRlRAAšjatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
mCžõrÁgöžes	mCžõrÁgöžeselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
iFŧagkoIks	iFŧagkoIkstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
óž'oőc-eRcma	óž'oőc-eRcksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
õKcežSjo	õKcežSjole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
dCFxrs	dCFxrs	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
dwt.xFíma	dwt.xFís	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ášmlaätma	ei olevat ášmlaättudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ápđu ma	ei olnud ápđu nudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
kMšfunapsčma	kMšfunapsčvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
m-pyfr	m-pyfr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
óađfhSŧískima	ei oleks óađfhSŧísitudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
oAgnőöa	oAgnőöa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
pöÁőđar	pöÁőđrast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
űw Muer	űw Murite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
S jšuđŋi	S jšuđŋi	N;NOM;SG;estonian
nfryaFzIbđma	nfryaFzIbđgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
žgdbluama	ära žgdblua	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ÁICleŋöa ,u	ÁICleŋöa ,udest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
hšõí.zicer	hšõí.zicrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ón őhm	ón őhmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
űhnÁSŋma	oled űhnÁSŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
mSíŋAma	ei ole mSíŋAtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
C bIIcfma	ärgu C bIIcfgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
mč ŧCma	ei olnud mč ŧCtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
pyfí.yŧzt	pyfí.yŧztuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
 wtáäŋöšól	 wtáäŋöšólatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ihFSoCma	on ihFSoCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
üspűhMs	üspűhMstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ovđ.č,čAõxma	ovđ.č,čAõxnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
á'gúKpäma	á'gúKpid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
-űfIIdu	-űfIIdudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
wRvöCoSöma	on wRvöCoSönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
oőwccrőoéjma	oőwccrőoéjsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
nReöjtdókvtma	ärgu olgu nReöjtdókvdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
őmjvkyjri	őmjvkyjriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
IžäiÁMtss	IžäiÁMtsst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ezüroFzu	ezüroFzult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
wđksule	wđksulesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kõkžyrbMsyk	kõkžyrbMsykuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
öűšjvoxcima	ei öűšjvoxci	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
,,íMŧhpzlšu	,,íMŧhpzlšusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
igő'mdđžMma	olevat igő'mdđžMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
icMwöx.s	icMwöx.stes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Ázá,dna	Ázá,dna	N;GEN;SG;estonian
čš uCe	čš uCe	N;ACC;SG;estonian
őRypgA m	őRypgA mdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
uúšóóCáms	uúšóóCámstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
đžrú,rwKma	ärgu olgu đžrú,rwKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
'čgpsAne	'čgpsAseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
mésđčöe	mésđčöedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
KlőđFhma	KlőđFhksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
-i'íhbčmŋu	-i'íhbčmŋudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
CŋbIšzMm	CŋbIšzMmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
özžűskma	oli özžűsktud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
õüCđčkn	õüCđčknisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧz.bzxéyíöma	on ŧz.bzxéyíödud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
SbFálá,eäer	SbFálá,eätratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
rntöAóčwn	rntöAóčwnates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
čiuxúgma	oleksite čiuxúgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
nb o hösi	nb o höelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
űAyädöICMgema	ärgu űAyädöICMhku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
üŧvnkRúŋxma	olite üŧvnkRúŋxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 maCáv	 maCávast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
đunóčgma	đunóčgnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
ygSMh čmyma	oleme ygSMh čmynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
úgöŧóS  ma	olevat úgöŧóS  tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
 ,eÁlMma	ärge  ,eÁlMke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
'KRduífya	'KRduífyateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
m,mčMma	olen m,mčMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
llínwm	llínwmid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
 žntsšer	 žntsšrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
Kji,éöõÁKma	Kji,éöõÁKtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
.vA, őmŧma	olgu .vA, őmŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
Mbmleíäjgoma	oli Mbmleíäjgotud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
aKz óŧxma	aKz óŧxsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
űfűKúfras	űfűKúfrtast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
pCõFduešđma	pCõFduešđtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
klmsüäčniŧa	klmsüäčniŧadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
FaFöúFpy,ma	on FaFöúFpy,tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
švöÁ ma	ei ole švöÁ nudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ayúécmžõma	oleksite ayúécmžõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ä-Iŋ,.k	ä-Iŋ,.ke	N;GEN;PL;estonian
'-ó-kíAKrbma	'-ó-kíAKrbn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
űü, Sne	űü, Ssteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Mö,ŧzKuma	ärgu olgu Mö,ŧzKunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
mlÁültŋ-dma	mlÁültŋ-aksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
sw,urvú-óp	sw,urvú-ópid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
Md iõzšSane	Md iõzšSaseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
nyRépű,xkma	nyRépű,xkgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ä-š-ŋma	oleksin ä-š-ŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
vvcjima	vvcjiis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ÁűüdRáSóma	ÁűüdRáSóvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
 dcáŧps	 dcáŧpste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
aFIáűma	aFIáűsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
yjróKFk	yjróKFkutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
täövóK-ce	täövóK-cedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
manmoh'öxk	manmoh'öxkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ämkgz.Rphdma	ei olnud ämkgz.Rphdtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
Kkkxv.áÁne	Kkkxv.áÁstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
űdflKMvne	űdflKMvstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
p űrúűfyvők	p űrúűfyvőkuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
 íjűpne	 íjűpsi	N;PRT;PL;estonian
čK.ŋRuCne	čK.ŋRuCst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
xmšoCrsgRs	xmšoCrsgRstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
hIj.õma	olgu hIj.õnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
zuhđóRčSjõer	zuhđóRčSjõrites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
päüvdFÁnyđu	päüvdFÁnyđudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
đívaFreeÁía	đívaFreeÁíateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
eíáó űűAkFne	eíáó űűAkFstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
wnIííS,ä.Fne	wnIííS,ä.Fstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Sc žhtúf Cne	Sc žhtúf Csega	N;COM;SG;estonian
-'ltđ őKm	-'ltđ őKmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ScMclwma	ScMclwtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
õbüF-úMxõ e	õbüF-úMxõ esel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
č,čúűtaiyi	č,čúűtaiyi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
brkč kSíma	olgu brkč kSínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
Áo'epMöm	Áo'epMömdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Kűŋblŋi	Kűŋblŋide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
zõxčSma	olid zõxčSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
jÁúxppMötma	jÁúxppMötaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
éúőűúbma	ei olevat éúőűúbnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
nxur,hŧs	nxur,hŧteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
M uKsma	M uKsn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
wgMéeMekma	wgMéeMekd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
jC,íjgma	ei olevat jC,íjgnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
kőerbma	on kőerbtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
M Rzaäma	ärgu M Rzaätagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
SvKcűűRs	SvKcűűRsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
yKi SazÁidn	yKi SazÁidnilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
rü hRMgŧwm	rü hRMgŧwmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
zKlráFõbk	zKlráFõbkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ŋčkúAáwáíla	aluŋčkúAáwáílasid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
Cnäp-Áŧđđa	Cnäp-Áŧđđad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
hžtgmy,ö	hžtgmy,ödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
fršFŋlm	fršFŋlmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Aŧóépnma	oled Aŧóépnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
íxÁöafpuma	íxÁöafutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
fzbÁF tlnhv	fzbÁF tlnhvalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
žgűuIR'ma	žgűuIR'ke	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
.hrw,ú,iđma	.hrw,ú,iđavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
vRguIMšMšéa	vRguIMšMšéadesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
SIem íömAoma	ei olevat SIem íömAonudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
éüáK-FCíma	éüáK-FCísid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
j-fõ,I-Is	j-fõ,I-Isteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ÁŋycõIoeän	ÁŋycõIoeänani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
lhvošRđmőm	lhvošRđmőmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
jCpocóRúema	ei ole jCpocóRúnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
šánzIKä.áma	ärgu olgu šánzIKä.átud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
õhđwküuyma	õhđwküuykem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
FõbRŋ,m	FõbRŋ,mini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ezđsmxS.u	ezđsmxS.ud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ltipns	ltipnstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
űccRnma	űccRnn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
yõsíöáMKvüi	yõsíöáMKvüini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
dvRwglu	dvRwglus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
j'il--,űs	j'il--,űssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
űt'auú,Srne	űt'auú,Srstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
üšdgema	olete üšdgenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
őpíÁíFa	őpíÁíFaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Ckmŋsi-đrtama	ei Ckmŋsi-đr 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
S. áRdžoö ma	S. áRdžoö site	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
gRvIkn	gRvIkneid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
õ.Cúkybŋma	ärgu olgu õ.Cúkybŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ó',äesöis	ó',äesökil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
rsk',su	rsk',su	N;GEN;SG;estonian
jöműóma	ärgu olgu jöműónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
õűuIxzKma	olgu õűuIxzKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
wnüwúäčkm	wnüwúäčkmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
nölubtama	nölubdake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ge.eőohk	ge.eőohku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
,-trŋäxwFgma	ei oleks ,-trŋäxwFgnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
r,ncIžAKõma	olete r,ncIžAKõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
 aAÁođä.sss	 aAÁođä.ssstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
úaCFjoŧötima	ei úaCFjoŧöitud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
cgúöÁnFtma	oleksime cgúöÁnFtnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
udőwúõšama	udőwúõša	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
gx'žh-ma	gx'žh-sin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Réüg npima	ära Réüg ni	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
Ážlgőaa	Ážlgőaaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
eFŋžxywűmggema	ei eFŋžxywűmghta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
tű-míum	tű-míumdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
õdÁsžtCüvKö	õdÁsžtCüvKö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
űjoIbma	ärgu olgu űjoIbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
vh'wbű nr	vh'wbű nr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
IóC-mksü-a	IóC-mksü-ata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
öwlőáv n	öwlőáv nil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
jMmõyšä'ma	ärgu jMmõyšä'tagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
KaklnASm	KaklnASmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
AtčŋóyFpma	oleksin AtčŋóyFpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
iRő . m	iRő . mdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
žRyjÁma	žRyjÁks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
wõőyÁvhőte	wõőyÁvhőte	N;NOM;SG;estonian
čűmüM.n ös	čűmüM.n östeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
 ldj-žővema	 ldj-žővdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
ISčó,yCcs	ISčó,yCcse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
vuCtRpu	vuCtRpu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ózyäcőRím	ózyäcőRímdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Awŋáiyma	ei ole Awŋáiynudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
wđ  äjŧđilm	wđ  äjŧđilmitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
únfšCöíama	ei únfšCöíatavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
CaíSš ldFAiduma	CaíSš ldFAeob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
žtövRŋšÁu	žtövRŋšÁud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
zupÁSg'Mđma	zupÁSg'Mđsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
é,zpŧir	é,zpŧiriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Sbápõma	ei Sbápõtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
rS-á nÁg,gtma	olevat rS-á nÁg,getud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
boúđúfFs	boúđúfFstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
,ődhúŧđn	,ődhúŧđnid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
'FAIŧma	ei 'FAIŧta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
hvđk'Refäíne	hvđk'Refäístelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
 Ižőopŧu	 Ižőopŧud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
sywwűz.pwűne	sywwűz.pwűsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
lsysFma	on lsysFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
í,Kysŋö.hma	oleksime í,Kysŋö.hnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ehfÁűé.ačäv	ehfÁűé.ačävatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
érőAugama	érőAuatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
ÁŧzAwcma	oleme ÁŧzAwcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
íížKÁFűma	oleme íížKÁFűnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
či ,'ŧCbm	či ,'ŧCbmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ŋráFmRoús	ŋráFmRoústele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
 itéúänoK-i	 itéúänoK-ideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
yéúáákIapSm	yéúáákIapSme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
'cčõđma	'cčõđaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
oüűMknóu	oüűMknóudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
őúhrŧóžR,ma	őúhrŧóžR,v	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
kőCbb. mMõr	kőCbb. mMõris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
drčlogm	drčlogmdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
köRđCméma	köRđCmén	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
CCéKküKväv	CCéKküKvävate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
 AúhŋárRl	 AúhŋárRleid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ssd-wda	ssd-wjal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
äAíÁálőšüma	ei olnud äAíÁálőšünudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
űgnűvma	űgnűvnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
uäjCp, äma	ei olnud uäjCp, änudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
rő,jöäk	rő,jöäkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
tűvpzŧRä zma	ärgu olgu tűvpzŧRä znud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
dőAvwfzÁm	dőAvwfzÁmita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
-lfšpcFpF'lema	-lfšpcFpF'n	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ŧö-zfižur	ŧö-zfižru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
a,tAúhgőõlma	oleme a,tAúhgőõlnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
yvhíc be-Fer	yvhíc be-Friks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
pigzűűaűuu	pigzűűaűuule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧwőööma	ärgu olgu ŧwőöötud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
ägkg'Áma	oleksin ägkg'Ánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ađ-ršm	ađ-ršme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
gőüóõó ,e	gőüóõó ,edeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
č,lRasvA-v	č,lRasvA-vateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
űrKÁgtma	űrKÁgdaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
éx jkickenma	oleksin éx jkickennud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ŋžKA-ser	ŋžKA-srisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
CIsbw'íma	CIsbw'íksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
cé .ŋSkh cu	cé .ŋSkh cudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
vyooFuvrma	vyooFuvrte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
čpš,yiča	čpš,yičates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
lK'žčma	oleksite lK'žčnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Kdúúműőkvne	Kdúúműőkvses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
čküđáoma	čküđáotav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
,žkcríCAu	,žkcríCAuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
'üáík't--ma	'üáík't--ks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
Rí'wwíryõe	Rí'wwíryõedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
žRtMx.đđáer	žRtMx.đđárist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
éFdípaŋkama	éFdípaŋake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
Aizíz'úma	ärgu Aizíz'úgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
 ŋnmrAäzma	oleme  ŋnmrAäznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
űöaŧčás	űöaŧčástes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ičt KwSvtama	olid ičt KwSvtanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
ówFuŋ'v	ówFuŋ'va	N;ACC;SG;estonian
M-CcCC.čk	M-CcCC.čkuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
čepöjéwđk	čepöjéwđku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
i tfM u	i tfM udega	N;COM;PL;estonian
óAC .yéSpma	óAC .yéSpsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
eirA-iõűgrr	eirA-iõűgrriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
 jSäŧnčSAs	 jSäŧnčSAste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
žmwđíéäka	žmwđíéäkatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
phKÁdafi	phKÁdafve	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
F áõ-üšSáe	F áõ-üšSáede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
mjIőls	mjIőlstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
pmoŋŋAma	ei oleks pmoŋŋAtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
íÁAseõrönel	íÁAseõrönlina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
Á-rFűma	Á-rFűnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
FreKjŋflma	ärgem FreKjŋflgem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ó öó ctAma	ó öó ctAksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ghRnK',Cho	ghRnK',Chole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
đMcRüFáörsi	đMcRüFáörsina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
iAiygor	iAiygoritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
KS.xdtáu	KS.xdtáudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
gywhCžma	oleme gywhCžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
iFCódxűmíne	iFCódxűmíseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ämücúmku	ämücúmkutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
I'cImdama	I'cImnakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
űéőIÁŋäőűr	űéőIÁŋäőűrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
póóFüée	póóFüéetega	N;COM;PL;estonian
x'đüáűŧl	x'đüáűŧlis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
oŧwM Sma	oŧwM Snud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
äitRđđktama	ei ole äitRđđkdanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
žöehánel	žöehádlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Áűefncóer	Áűefncótraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
Mkvoűel	Mkvoűliteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
C'bú u	C'bú ul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
vč''Cáŋžm	vč''Cáŋžmi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
RsšMűIyma	RsšMűIytud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
vK  jKö	vK  jKödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
xu,äKs	xu,äKsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
',úgéMma	ei ',úgéMtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
'C,gŧŧís	'C,gŧŧístes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
dőfeFőckdma	dőfeFőckne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
cMóbögs.s	cMóbögs.st	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
céFđtdlema	ei oleks céFđteldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
sž sŋma	sž sŋkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
btRgŧzíí.k	btRgŧzíí.ku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ltzüfma	olete ltzüfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
näIűcFaü,fMwma	ärIűcFaü,fMw nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
á'čšóíéčsa	á'čšóíéčsa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
üÁ đxdđma	ei üÁ đxdđvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
cxa,ečÁ-tu	cxa,ečÁ-tudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ü vbõrfčyrer	ü vbõrfčyrrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
űKcŋMäane	űKcŋMäastega	N;COM;PL;estonian
űFü,sRbsđs	űFü,sRbsđstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
övősns	övősnsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
K,KópStvr	K,KópStvrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ŋžöutms'oza	ŋžöutms'ozateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ŧfžstõoa	ŧfžstõoa	N;ACC;SG;estonian
aA.amxma	ei aA.amxta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
rižõzŧK Ažma	ära rižõzŧK Aže	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ls đx š Ám	ls đx š Ámina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
F--ylöofos	F--ylöofosel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
cjfvve	cjfvvedena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
IzüŧÁ.öúma	oli IzüŧÁ.öútud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
'öowčIma	'öowčIeksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
úűSjjma	úűSjjtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
đáűKs šsS.m	đáűKs šsS.mis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
faóoxnae	faóoxnaest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
méáđtšmnema	läkséáđtšmte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Ctkšpŋma	ärgu Ctkšpŋgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
üSsŧyxiRwma	ei üSsŧyxiRwtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
őmynucr	őmynucr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
úp-yKűoféKma	úp-yKűoféKn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
CymiéIÁőäs	CymiéIÁőäsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
jrghkMcl	jrghkMcliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
äivŧRen	aknäivŧRs	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
úŋžxKű'üma	olevat úŋžxKű'ütud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
b'ÁŋRám	b'ÁŋRámid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
cnúdüulm	cnúdüulmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
desFműg pr	desFműg prid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ŋcfé'Cer	ŋcfé'Ctrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
CjxcuxčCmer	CjxcuxčCmrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
 pFIÁhma	 pFIÁhvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Alóŧlj ma	ei Alóŧlj tud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
,mgiRÁöäším	,mgiRÁöäšímdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
-ő- óSSúlwma	-ő- óSSúlwn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
hajvčúnaöi	hajvčúnaöid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
Arášbe -ak	Arášbe -akutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Rr'õtödma	Rr'õtöetaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
dítfIhy.däe	dítfIhy.däedaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
õÁFmb-su	õÁFmb-suks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
CMđóiúne	CMđóiúsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
üeö,eu	üeö,euga	N;COM;SG;estonian
čkvfámđKler	čkvfámđKlriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
x áw-väawtma	x áw-väawdate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
RáhšCn .er	RáhšCn .rilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
newura	newura	N;NOM;SG;estonian
šóetsiatyAma	ei ole šóetsiatyAtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ä-iűáŋél	ä-iűáŋélast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
űSMFóptőma	űSMFóptőte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
varäyáSr	varäyáSritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ÁIhnčútl	ÁIhnčútlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
uaRj-l	uaRj-lita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
čAáxfm	čAáxfmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
S,snlm	S,snlmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
v,CžwŧsFúűpama	oli v,CžwŧsFúűatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ÁzmMšlnŧer	ÁzmMšlnŧrit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
á đSđđkama	oleksite á đSđđanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
o lx'fžFáma	ärgu olgu o lx'fžFánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
-lgnüŋl	-lgnüŋli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
xžcmó. ma	oleksin xžcmó. nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ehfAtSKydima	ehfAtSKynitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
fpä jäv	fpä jävani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
Agxiäma	Agxiäks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
njk övüä.tama	ei olnud njk övüä.danudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
w štK a	w štK adest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ófmáeAkxá,ne	ófmáeAkxá,stena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
úóaövčer	úóaövčrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
sóŧšoma	olin sóŧšonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ožoorIm	ožoorImdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ócsÁáC,uelma	ärgu olgu ócsÁáC,uelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
õáÁõos	õáÁõosele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ičwRxSräs	ičwRxSräsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
IfbCčiks	IfbCčiktest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
őöFyúdma	őöFyúaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
S'cKIdú útma	ärgu olgu S'cKIdú útnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
vrizjte	vrizjted	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ÁFđáF,yla	ÁFđáF,yladeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
-AurKs.ma	oli -AurKs.etud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
yšíAÁe.pčma	yšíAÁe.pčtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
ä C,üásmu	ä C,üásmu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
zlkfgryv-zma	ei olevat zlkfgryv-znudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
MlkMcak	MlkMcakutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
FÁ-žóFjűšmma	oleksime FÁ-žóFjűšmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
őtSeltma	ei olevat őtSeletudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
 včxűđema	ärge  včxűđge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
őŋű I'syúAma	ei oleks őŋű I'syúAnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
'ropŋknŧn	'ropŋknŧndest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
uđxhžiMne	uđxhžiMsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
.saf'IAŧAmk	.saf'IAŧAmkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Ilrhünma	Ilrhündaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
'úsõAAÁm	'úsõAAÁmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
põ'.üÁéŋ,m	põ'.üÁéŋ,mdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ÁKűŧŧíMne	ÁKűŧŧíMstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
účiy jšCama	účiy jšCavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
vhAAtõma	vhAAtõd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
čsfä.nne	čsfä.nstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
w'eéŧIőv	w'eéŧIővas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
-đ-.Rxdk	-đ-.Rxdkult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Kíyõfõõm'ma	olin Kíyõfõõm'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
bčgII őAma	ärgem bčgII őAkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
cMeäsužjdKma	oleksin cMeäsužjdKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
õA'hfs	õA'hfsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
Sđmőžfne	Sđmőžfste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
KMwüŧ fäl	KMwüŧ fälite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
utÁfdomfma	olevat utÁfdomfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
lIŧzu'ma	lIŧzu'ge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
iŋwčwvóŋcbe	iŋwčwvóŋcpega	N;COM;SG;estonian
ž.ylűuõn	ž.ylűuõnina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
éõAvoŧm	éõAvoŧmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
íűcőxjfk	íűcőxjfkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
yő-özäükama	ärgem yő-özäüakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
c msdma	oleks c msdtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ššhbtűŋcr	ššhbtűŋcrdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Mašärvt	Mašärvtut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
mjdnsFrKi	mjdnsFrKiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
'űAcílõmm	'űAcílõmmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ŧSeŧIa	ŧSeŧIates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
pmfõIŋCMg ne	pmfõIŋCMg st	N;PRT;SG;estonian
 w.fFa	 w.fFateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
óMxŋŋŋünšlma	ärgu olgu óMxŋŋŋünšlnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
íéíŋn,lcõcm	íéíŋn,lcõcmil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
Cpüžõõma	Cpüžõõtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
xúšóSdbma	olite xúšóSdbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
mäFrkđ-Rafma	oleks mäFrkđ-Rafetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
őcbfäsma	őcbfäsd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
gpáöCz zđa	gpáöCz zđad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
cŧcčbé ama	ära cŧcčbé a	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
čšŧ.ŋAõjs	čšŧ.ŋAõjseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
íSíMSe.yük	íSíMSe.yükul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
 xr,Fŧŧtwra	 xr,Fŧŧtwra	V;NFIN;estonian
č až- ma	ei oleks č až- nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
jF-őčlútõmk	jF-őčlútõmkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Sé'Kŋbbtmŧe	Sé'Kŋbbtmŧede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
k-éŧ áúđóma	k-éŧ áúđóku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
wb-ŋéeéŋer	wb-ŋéeéŋrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
MfAáyma	oleksite MfAáynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
dsKmSčs	dsKmSčste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
fđz-,fu	fđz-,futa	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
db,Igäõgr	db,Igäõgrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
čl'šfékas	čl'šfék	N;NOM;SG;estonian
rmkjcs	rmkjcd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
'góFdCáđ wbama	olgu 'góFdCáđ wmanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
Ioŋ-zägža	Ioŋ-zägžalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
rđ'ódfxus	rđ'ódfxustega	N;COM;PL;estonian
kMxpwa	kMxpwadeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
alűníőucü	alűníőucüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
áűzú.ma	on áűzú.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
gSc Inčhm	gSc Inčhmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ht..bŧyma	ei ht..bŧyta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
doiŧIl	doiŧIli	N;GEN;SG;estonian
õücŧtiö'éóu	õücŧtiö'éóu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
öiűizšRma	öiűizšRtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
.zŋKdM,Stäm	.zŋKdM,Stäm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
iäjvFxyõi	iäjvFxyõide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
eIűrŋu	eIűrŋude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ómóŋÁzAűž uba	ómóŋÁzAűž oalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
žäCž u	žäCž u	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ytygdsöhma	ytygdsöhkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
áuč,iűxvóđv	áuč,iűxvóđvatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
pőSlyee s	pőSlyee se	N;ACC;SG;estonian
jižwbk	jižwbkutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
vnMcánp	vnMcánpite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
.fŧ iŋáA-kkama	.fŧ iŋáA-kaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
iőjfő ika	iőjfő ikast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
pjCščRrőrgima	pjCščRrőritav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
úón-őma	ei olevat úón-őtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
IéCež'ma	oleksin IéCež'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
wmeC jrđdema	ei olevat wmeC jrđdnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
tkkjzyKhŋne	tkkjzyKhŋsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
gáK điätúhma	gáK điätúhsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
đjlgSn	đjlgSni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
tgf,kIs	tgf,kIses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
iKkteŋxrúr	iKkteŋxrúritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
uáopyžõ žgema	uáopyžõ žhtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
yúérhkma	yúérhkvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
üojõuma	üojõusid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
MčüűSma	MčüűSv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
yCxđFkma	oleme yCxđFknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
 FäRlõFčÁgkima	oli  FäRlõFčÁgitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
uõo.IíFbpk	uõo.IíFbpkesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
őcA ucđkžne	őcA ucđkžstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
áű,jFa	áű,jFaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
 zIőjMRm	 zIőjMRmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đrõnóÁgema	đrõnóÁete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Fzb,ypma	Fzb,ypksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
,eŋMóõccvma	ei ,eŋMóõccvta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
iÁkšüšűŋöm	iÁkšüšűŋömist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
űcžuwz gufma	űcžuwz gufte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
űúh.fjäu	űúh.fjäudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
úéKőánđólon	úéKőánđólonit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
,,é.ük	,,é.ükule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
wgKöcma	on wgKöcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
hbúõőótđŋm	hbúõőótđŋmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
nzxpeá.jreü	nzxpeá.jreüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Ažd Iiäma	ärgu Ažd Iiägu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
Mökb.igsRm	Mökb.igsRmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
gõŧIjám	gõŧIjámdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ž iz,icđ úma	olite ž iz,icđ únud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
gäCuö ea	gäCuö ea	V;NFIN;estonian
ő đann žőma	ő đann žőtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
vőõAúgFr	vőõAúgFrtes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ržprdFmcyoi	ržprdFmcyoist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Ixhhxma	olevat Ixhhxtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
žScz'ucnubma	žScz'ucnubv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
őAlpóema	olite őAlpónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
owutrer	owutrriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
.kilzMóÁššema	.kilzMóÁššgu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
đRvhšhutr	đRvhšhutr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
xczílđűés	xczílđűésse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
őíÁőpcóõKa	őíÁőpcóõKad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
áléűás	áléűát	N;PRT;SG;estonian
đ,đüčfšžj.s	đ,đüčfšžj.sed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
žIotóbIéSöne	žIotóbIéSöstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
sűFA ŋu	sűFA ŋuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
äKuáöAč,ma	ei oleks äKuáöAč,nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
geRč FhbFrk	geRč FhbFrkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
žűmndSma	žűmndStaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
hI väkxs	hI väkxsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
hrxävRbuS-ma	ärgu hrxävRbuS-tagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
ŧf yutima	ärgu olgu ŧf yuitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
McõjA,áACzm	McõjA,áACzme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ifg,vnűI ma	olgu ifg,vnűI nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
õóhúŧpmeAđma	on õóhúŧpmeAđtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
klpyóopKrFma	ei klpyóopKrFtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
húkŧdg.pÁgma	ei oleks húkŧdg.pÁgnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
S císÁđis	S císÁđiste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
v,äefcu	v,äefcudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
jšxtFer	jšxtFritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
eäőünäóma	eäőünäób	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
öpž.žvInrxne	öpž.žvInrxstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
óMpűÁ-ŋűa	óMpűÁ-ŋűad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
tõR isoÁgma	tõR isoÁgn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
öo,kvöur	öo,kvörul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
  ŋAxtŧüföer	  ŋAxtŧüföriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
sžyrívhu	sžyrívhuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
čÁõuhõödma	čÁõuhõödksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ücűbžgRübr	ücűbžgRübriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
őyRF čŧIr	őyRF čŧIrteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
űlŋóImma	űlŋóImge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
gosmwa	gosmwate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
agdõR-m	agdõR-mid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
-xžüđixđAtk	-xžüđixđAtkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
öS.Ryn	öS.Ryniks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
úp,üŋ,,oma	úp,üŋ,,ovat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
óörS-óréóm	óörS-óréómitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ínÁ'sxűzi	ínÁ'sxűzidelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
kSósžr	kSósžrdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
éI,đóCs	éI,đóCses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
MsűpÁéeebma	ärgu olgu MsűpÁéeebnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
CŧjűIäma	ei CŧjűIätud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
A jäaSŋk ma	on A jäaSŋk tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
'k,,A-ííővma	oli 'k,,A-ííővtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
 zszrma	oleksite  zszrnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
.a.mđs	.a.mđsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
fSMecđüűma	olin fSMecđüűnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
IKÁõäč,ama	ärgu IKÁõäč,agu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
fSrvwAžloäma	on fSrvwAžloänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
žčä,wAí Aa	žčä,wAí Aa	V;NFIN;estonian
íaóeA ne	íaóeA sest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
nCRõjÁ m	nCRõjÁ mina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
xs.ŧnauytma	olin xs.ŧnauytnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
'..Mséa	'..Msée	N;PRT;PL;estonian
dK a.Afl	dK a.Aflist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
űgjžüöŧlõns	űgjžüöŧlõnsateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mŋastőbäema	olen läŋastőbäud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
č'äxIžxMŧk	č'äxIžxMŧkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
rtoyúüma	rtoyúügu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ÁjwRjíbma	olite ÁjwRjíbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
űgržmjđne	űgržmjđsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
a-öbgSõlS ma	ärgu a-öbgSõlS gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
e.CeöŋtSbAma	ärgu e.CeöŋtSbAgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
inmfRma	inmfRsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Kxozaŧhčma	Kxozaŧhčs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
aFđncõdrir	aFđncõdriratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
üózegma	üózegsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
hR- šűdKcm	hR- šűdKcmisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
äsyjáma	oleksime äsyjánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
xučsűnxIIma	ei xučsűnxIItud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
üjK,ínuma	oleksite üjK,ínunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Sla ŧk	Sla ŧkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
 éCIö-a	 éCIö-a	V;NFIN;estonian
zúóewökima	oleks zúóewöitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
Áŋzsuoák	Áŋzsuoákute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
jrőŋMóSóAm	jrőŋMóSóAmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
e-wlwMixma	on e-wlwMixnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
AvyäAaőel	AvyäAaőlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
CCpKŋ'ldima	CCpKŋ'lnin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
úšSéeŧéúnyu	úšSéeŧéúnyusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
güökön,Cbus	güökön,Cbuselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
 -űSpFm	 -űSpFmal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ŧäcŋFxma	oleksite ŧäcŋFxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
á,l,đbma	á,l,đbd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
RgvAumsRa	RgvAumsRa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
nlnröŋűhama	ära nlnröŋűha	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
í,p škjmKne	í,p škjmKsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
on,ačvufAűma	on,ačvufAűvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
bwewätA Fma	bwewätA Fvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
sFökpnhŋán	sFökpnhŋánite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
,cyzlma	,cyzlks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
üwlínFnžÁŋma	ärge üwlínFnžÁŋke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
žőzžcm	žőzžcm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
hsÁflaaő,,s	hsÁflaaő,,stest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
u ká,'ő.m	u ká,'ő.mid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
 yŧđIKma	 yŧđIKd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
tíž,Cnűr	tíž,Cnűrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
SFAFčrüju	SFAFčrüjudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
rSMzuma	ei oleks rSMzunudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
sõo.  n	sõo.  nist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
m,ó Sma	ärgu m,ó Sgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
A,Sŧővž.ma	oleme A,Sŧővž.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
õziáőzu	õziáőzudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
.žžjŧäüdõr	.žžjŧäüdõratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
tžšj-nma	olite tžšj-nnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
y.á,mŋy v	y.á,mŋy v	N;NOM;SG;estonian
 Ci  CđFKŋne	 Ci  CđFKŋstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
c'dufyhgma	ei c'dufyhgks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
dMóőúőma	dMóőúőks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
.eISróríkek	.eISróríkekutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
l Iöonžŋavne	l Iöonžŋavstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
xbevxu	xbevxude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
i--čűŧődma	i--čűŧőnaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
íwõčldeel	íwõčldelitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
fžKlSí'hém	fžKlSí'hémitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
íöo.oáma	ärgu íöo.oágu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
õRt úuflma	olgu õRt úuflnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
RáÁuce	RáÁuceseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ä- ŧlžõsi	ä- ŧlžõtena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ökeziM žma	ei ökeziM žtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
útkŋCb.AšRtma	oleks útkŋCb.AšRdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
lKááđe	lKááđe	N;NOM;SG;estonian
jfwtfbma	ärge jfwtfbge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
gđ'k'xr	gđ'k'xrdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
õ,űÁčRRu	õ,űÁčRRuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ššAk,o.ne	ššAk,o.stes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
FktF Áponer	FktF Áponritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
čgFrAre	čgFrAredatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
.íisoüđs	.íisoüđd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
óAđic m	óAđic mi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
-phž.ŋ'är-s	-phž.ŋ'är-stega	N;COM;PL;estonian
xvÁž íiŧčSm	xvÁž íiŧčSmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
óõgeäx'l	óõgeäx'l	N;NOM;SG;estonian
íx Síšne	íx Síšseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
byŋčüúűvma	byŋčüúűvte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
űcaűwyswKn	űcaűwyswKnaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
jkA öKžö	jkA öKžöle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
tčüpM-uma	tčüpM-utavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ejs yÁűRŧm	ejs yÁűRŧmitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
čőöpŧCC'í ma	čőöpŧCC'í sime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
,uŋč'léšma	oleksite ,uŋč'léšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
hgyxKö.Fyŧe	hgyxKö.Fyŧre	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
fžIgatma	ei oleks fžIgadetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
óK ufcčgma	óK ufcčggem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
tóhxõbrCma	on tóhxõbrCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
sCvčfKMí áma	sCvčfKMí áte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
IxeÁCéűfwdma	IxeÁCéűfwra	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
Iopdzzfma	oleme Iopdzzfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
-akigr	-akigrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
bskkFŧóma	ei oleks bskkFŧónudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
kcpRontújSda	kcpRontújSjale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
šoäű äwg,ane	šoäű äwg,ased	N;NOM;PL;estonian
néŋäđöxíu	néŋäđöxíusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
áÁjbwdma	olite áÁjbwdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 jArbKiđxma	 jArbKiđxtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
ügyéápá'sfs	ügyéápá'sfsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
w-byys	w-byyte	N;GEN;PL;estonian
CtéžAFks	CtéžAFkseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
pőmrgKma	oleksite pőmrgKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
by hcéCmAma	olgu by hcéCmAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
äpŋugSížzÁu	äpŋugSížzÁul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
fÁSapma	fÁSapsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
rzSMmIer	rzSMmIris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
áú.r,d-vu	áú.r,d-vud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ä đf ejŧtama	ärgu olgu ä đf ejŧdatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
FFaüí-msóou	FFaüí-msóousse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
jügŋgm	jügŋgmi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
šCrÁstma	šCrÁsdetakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
fCóčKma	fCóčKsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
đŧ'őŋnűIel	đŧ'őŋnűIlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ŋé-ža,íAm	ŋé-ža,íAmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
đšrötMcčs	đšrötMcčsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
b Avef mtIma	b Avef mtIsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
nÁ.Rl ma	nÁ.Rl tud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
ÁazRmüpjScma	ÁazRmüpjScsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
áamójtwuu	áamójtwuust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
áőnäFma	áőnäFs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
clčsűčRi	clčsűčRiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
eóšeÁhšk	eóšeÁhškutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
yggbčcma	ei yggbčca	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
'éÁMŧuöirma	ei 'éÁMŧuöirtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
--óI hčrlMa	--óI hčrlMadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
KbMSä.äčžFma	ei oleks KbMSä.äčžFdudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
nvzzFúuŋu	nvzzFúuŋuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ošFm'Fma	ošFm'Fksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
yäümuSCróama	ei yäümuSCróa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ŋíé-a.si	ŋíé-a.eks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
óssvb,mucdlema	oleks óssvb,muceldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
dlegxóšéma	dlegxóšén	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
člCŋI.õfüma	člCŋI.õfüti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
oclKyas	oclKyaseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
,jčöómSyge	,jčöómSykme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
uÁ'Á,a	uÁ'Á,ast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
õfguCF Mčm	õfguCF Mčme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
y äFiđsfAu	y äFiđsfAudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
žzk'ŋAwm	žzk'ŋAwmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
fhxai-r	fhxai-r	N;NOM;SG;estonian
žyzfbcmma	žyzfbcmksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
 đy-AóIzž ma	 đy-AóIzž tavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
Ázukäčtma	Ázukäčdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ŋxtASIa	ŋxtASIaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
lá'őCvyűwm	lá'őCvyűwmdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
wb-Áč ŋxuu	wb-Áč ŋxuu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
 őíiA'ma	 őíiA'ge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
kŧüFáo-Kdv	kŧüFáo-Kdvaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
jfuö ma	ärgem jfuö gem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
oM'đKFma	oM'đKFsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
íőrŧ.v	íőrŧ.val	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
üűvgd-ma	ärgu üűvgd-ku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
läúüÁgzödm	läúüÁgzödmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
nCRghs	nCRghseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
á'änha	á'änhast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ŋRrgjv	ŋRrgjvaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
rtpsšCARMútma	rtpsšCARMúdaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
iCšÁžhdás	iCšÁžhdále	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
lđr eAatn	lđr eAatnitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
đüúydtm	đüúydtmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ldImclma	ei oleks ldImcltudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
,hFhF.xSđKgama	ärgu ,hFhF.xSđKatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
Á'óvđđR'lver	Á'óvđđR'lvrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ööklöŧwáKž-kka	ööglöŧwáKž-kke	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
gxpufpgsó ma	gxpufpgsó tagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
uá'fieiűőma	olete uá'fieiűőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
äjAo íum	äjAo íumdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
phwaá ma	phwaá ksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
IFmššuäRđk	IFmššuäRđkutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
úwüéfu	úwüéfule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ő.yía-xma	ő.yía-xks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
hMvfŋIwe.s	hMvfŋIwe.seta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ütõőõma	oleme ütõőõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
bxrltkwyne	bxrltkwystelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
axöxõ etma	ärgu axöxõ etetagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
őtšMápžwm	őtšMápžwmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
MeMdm.pagxel	MeMdm.pagxliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŧMMúekžbama	ŧMMúekžmanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
RAí,gFtwgKk	RAí,gFtwgKkuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
sütnäŋónm	sütnäŋónmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
n.ŧ zűđFmma	n.ŧ zűđFmtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
Áačg-Cee	Áačg-Ceedest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
wm,c.õočaa	wm,c.õočaadele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
bgIöŧlüRvma	on bgIöŧlüRvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
kb KRzbma	ärgu kb KRzbgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
čl'jKím	čl'jKímile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ayh. ,ph ma	olite ayh. ,ph nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ö'MIrr	ö'MIrris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
.ójđŧäma	.ójđŧäa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
k bAuŋzAkdma	olevat k bAuŋzAketud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
üpómatošäma	üpómatošätagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
őuráúgma	oled őuráúgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
áiboCžKfma	ei olnud áiboCžKfnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
Cüoőxöšósma	oleks Cüoőxöšóstud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
őuoznšma	ärgu őuoznšgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
jwh ŋúdma	ei jwh ŋúra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
šrvSüh.dou	šrvSüh.doudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
gSrFbkm	gSrFbkmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ClnKARwma	ärgu olgu ClnKARwnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ŧ,raa-mma	ŧ,raa-mb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
oM,üšCKma	oM,üšCKksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
đűAsbäekba	đűAsbäekppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
a.fŋpIuema	ei olnud a.fŋpIuenudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ŋfgoxépbym	ŋfgoxépbymates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
R lfrcIwma	R lfrcIwvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
wöfŧuSŧtuma	wöfŧuSŧutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
.hgŧ'gs	.hgŧ'gseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
sviMstama	on sviMsdanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
é--Míédma	ei ole é--Míéetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
fIuMwékowŧma	fIuMwékowŧv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
eíđ,S'úAúi	eíđ,S'úAúid	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ŧcgí s	ŧcgí sest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
afspfma	ei olevat afspfnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
IRIõból	IRIõbóldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Al úR.šbdama	Al úR.šbjaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
Iőjhkdlaflema	olevat Iőjhkdlafelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
lŋsöwís	lŋsöwístesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
üw yghmšer	üw yghmšri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
zdi-AéIpa	zdi-AéIpateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
űjeđpnüdma	ärgu olgu űjeđpnüdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
-fÁsna	-fÁsnáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
nÁőSűks	nÁőSűksokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 uuoíóéós	 uuoíóéósokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
fSAž-čwŋó	fSAž-čwŋón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
őččIwígs	őččIwígsökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
uškvjb	uškvjb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
éküC.n	éküC.nokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
uRoštŋjjmn	uRoštŋjjmnoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
céšzlmaŋa	céšzlmaŋától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
hmčyõMICl	hmčyõMIClja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
tbŋwčcn	tbŋwčcnokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
lsöKblxl	lsöKblxltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
õx-cŧ,wk	õx-cŧ,wkakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Ážšt eó	Ážšt eót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
xóRgóéhaššs	xóRgóéhaššsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
gsvufíž'jy	gsvufíž'jyekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
hykkp-j	hykkp-jakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
CőÁjRt	CőÁjRthöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
-eäčuÁéjs	-eäčuÁéjsakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
m,míévápd	m,míévápddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ŧAÁ ščeut	ŧAÁ ščeutokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
eüoiÁotúÁMg	eüoiÁotúÁMgot	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
óóó gs	óóó gsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
eFCažvItcs	eFCažvItcsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
üdőc Rl	üdőc Rlök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
tceóőypljm	tceóőypljmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
eéč' re	eéč' rékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
đrähRg	đrähRggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
'č.-SüűRčz	'č.-SüűRčznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
öuŋrgdŋšem	öuŋrgdŋšmeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ó šr őaiöõó	ó šr őaiöõókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
McőŧíűűAžz	McőŧíűűAžzna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
 MhFž e	 MhFž énél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
 FÁeÁügähxa	 FÁeÁügähxákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Imtzfóčuxdt	Imtzfóčuxdtette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
,FMawa	,FMawáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
.ÁSáŋzMn	.ÁSáŋzMnekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ewyéaMúa	ewyéaMúákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
'uhumMIna	'uhumMInáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Iűž Ióüvi	Iűž Ióüvikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Kjúulrb	Kjúulrbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ÁRRövűűÁl	ÁRRövűűÁlottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
 k- õ'űa	 k- õ'űákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
hűčSŋüIbss	hűčSŋüIbssnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
xŧhK'sözl	xŧhK'sözlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
bdűoŧhz	bdűoŧhzett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
uMŧáüfa	uMŧáüfáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
 jzrčM	 jzrčM-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
btot'ICCđn	btot'ICCđnig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ábűFMMíxvft	ábűFMMíxvftoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
učúűíšt	učúűíštasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ttzouéő	ttzouéövekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
äõaAIűptl	äõaAIűptlet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
,-egébn	,-egébnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
kjéyxé-Céŧv	kjéyxé-Céŧvektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ür.ú.tr	ür.ú.trig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
gdrbél	gdrbélokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ká lRävr	ká lRävrként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
öäízSu.shjz	öäízSu.shjznátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
űrtMs g	űrtMs gnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
.úóÁys	.úóÁysekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
M. xõzŋó	M. xõzŋókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
oákKúSKv'a	oákKúSKv'aként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
cRjmőkák	cRjmőkákben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
 éoSűSl	 éoSűSlből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
vi'nkm S 't	vi'nkm S 'tva	V.CVB;hungarian
 včjCl	 včjClni	V;NFIN;hungarian
rmóbS,íüm	rmóbS,íümba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
KáŧeAudn	KáŧeAudnokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
úgmõőéug	úgmõőéugeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧfššKűyžr	ŧfššKűyžrakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
aíŧ-yzaér	aíŧ-yzaérökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
RoczSjš,mt	RoczSjš,mttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ciSíRhhvő	ciSíRhhvőként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Kby igpAas	Kby igpAasokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
háđiSt	háđiStottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
SSpä,t	SSpä,tené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
íŧdpaúAhe	íŧdpaúAhével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
 xhŋ,s	 xhŋ,sról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
jáŧú's	jáŧú'sen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
lb g,,.lKCv	lb g,,.lKCvba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
sšnuIrI.d	sšnuIrI.dra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Feõéžük	Feõéžükra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
méčäõšFgöűő	méčäõšFgöűőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
áIaküa	áIaküától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
õMwéökcns	õMwéökcnsekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
jw,úärRm-di	jw,úärRm-dit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
gfŋR,gt	gfŋR,gtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
löŧväđ s	löŧväđ st	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
C í-õwő	C í-õwőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ukytóSCg	ukytóSCg-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
oRjf únb	oRjf únbhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
víllüxúõmz	víllüxúõmzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
délx,gtpd észláv	singulx,gtpd éar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
RŋCüöl	RŋCüölnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
ÁnõŧőRrŧl	ÁnõŧőRrŧltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
af'ew-Ms	af'ew-Msok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
đ,xwún	đ,xwúnekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gygöđwűtladás	singgöđwűtar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
or'ÁImra-t	or'ÁImra-ttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
üóäs.vz	üóäs.vzokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
õhŧuéđr	õhŧuéđrekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
öšhMéóŋl	öšhMéóŋlják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
iõúgeys	iõúgeysokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
'd amžFIpe	'd amžFIpék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
füAgpocs	füAgpcsokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
FmõlÁéõea	FmõlÁéõeához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
xcCdšz.ŧ l	xcCdšz.ŧ ljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
öužfyéó	öužfyéókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ččíŋsŋyK ŧd	ččíŋsŋyK ŧdekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
eŋš.čIpyöae	eŋš.čIpyöaeként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ŋnsh Áxŧäb	ŋnsh Áxŧäbtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
eb,Á'tr	eb,Á'trekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
unF.bíRSpa	unF.bíRSpákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧŋúž,-šld	ŧŋúž,-šldtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
á .cžIAol	á .cžIAlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
Mŋõeŧlik	Mŋõeŧlja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
RwSbötavpn	RwSbötavpnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
koRmüöín	soRmüöingular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
R ž.dyő	R ž.dyőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
yópcuúŧičđó	yópcuúŧičđóból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
đšőő-émŧIt	đšőő-émŧItekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
őúRÁrb	őúRÁrbra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
kŧŋzydašl	kŧŋzydašltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
MópíAehšl	MópíAehšlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
.A f Fäűt	.A f Fäűtitek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
IóStS-pCsl	IóStS-pCsljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
äátpÁzKdáa	äátpÁzKdáákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Rndŋ clÁló	Rndŋ clÁlókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
SühoC,vtb	SühoC,vtbként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
sbnvrv öos	sbnvrv öost	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ŋeo As	ŋeo Asokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
pCfnúKlójčw	pCfnúKlójčw-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
-óSyŧél	-óSyŧélnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ydhMäa	ydhMäákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
yéfj äőđs	yéfj äőđshöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
muKášpk	muKášpkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
čžKxn õj a	čžKxn õj áktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
üwsCAfi	üwsCAfitól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
,ynlKífcŧs	,ynlKífcŧs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
swgzüch.més	swgzüch.mésok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ucpzgwa	ucpzgwákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ásivŋzkl	ásivŋzklják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
tFsűšftjs	tFsűšftjson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Fő'űCč.jőkg	Fő'űCč.jőkgok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
õ,õzÁč'a	õ,õzÁč'ákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
wčppSyxgíi	wčppSyxgíiben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
tdfí-cpőCs	tdfí-cpőCsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Kűgűöŧüíb	Kűgűöŧüíbakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
 zCőšSkžnr	 zCőšSkžnrról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
yoxóŧCő	yoxóŧCőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
đyžčCgue	đyžčCguékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
aöíIwk	aöíIwkekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
C eRđiöMóas	C eRđiöMóasokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
eARRöŧ šKs	eARRöŧ šKsakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋgőÁnAa	ŋgőÁnAára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
mCdoõwnjónj	mCdoõwnjónjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
xcžđíKjr	xcžđíKjrba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
őflvgúúra	őflvgúúrákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
žSMálőäb	žSMálőäbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
éÁrgažúIp	éÁrgažúIpekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
đuácgÁyAKy	đuácgÁyAKnyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
õčhMrõó	õčhMrõóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
SCKüSg	SCKüSgokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
' íüus	' íüusakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
RđRnái	RđRnáikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
'mv'čRöISft	'mv'čRöISftetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
ŧeíöiúéŋgKó	ŧeíöiúéŋgKókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
güKKéxt	güKKéxsse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
üüRerée	üüReréékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ičgkíkdxÁőn	ičgkíkdxÁőnokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
őóúžŋs	őóúžŋsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
vuwgIcxüwa	vuwgIcxüwákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
đlŧkbRpjšws	đlŧkbRpjšwsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
đõ.áRn	đõ.áRnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
äIóávajbl	äIóávajblunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
brKekl	brKekllá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
j' õyÁi	j' õyÁin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
lFbx,wfl	lFbx,wflnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
Fnŋõ-t	Fnŋõ-tené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
ejčvü,üadšz	ejčvü,üadšznétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
üážKi s	üážKi sekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
šcrkfščőz	šcrkfščőzzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
hyKKdbíIg	hyKKdbíIg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
žlzAfmÁül	žlzAfmÁüleknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 KúCSa	 KúCSával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ueéSftiR,ő	ueéSftiR,ők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
,uSSíMüm	,uSSíMümeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
hdp dKađčg	hdp dKađčgekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
o.lAmfcsbe	o.lAmfcsbék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
mj-öíAias	mj-öíAiasig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
nadŧjui	nadŧjuiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
yeKđp-tsn	yeKđp-tsnt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
xIlCõ uži	xIlCõ užit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
hätx'đs	hätx'đsakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
cjíAfí.	cjíAfí.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
wű özõMd z	wű özõMd znék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
'ŧkxxežy	'ŧkxxežyhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ž  Scz	ž  Sczban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
f Cx. n	f Cx. nekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
huöžőŋ'ydó	huöžőŋ'ydókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
õCöí'fžs	õCöí'fžsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
CSõđIšxÁFŋa	CSõđIšxÁFŋáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cikMkrjpon	cycMkrjponokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
-é-myÁén	-é-myÁénokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
iéóxós	iéóxósektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
rfCxšuAüžs	rfCxšuAüžsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
bwähwxj	bwähwxjért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
šõbüőaüSi	šõbüőaüSin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,dõrtä'ct	,dõrtä'ctenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
Fáxu.r	Fáxu.rekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
r,püdunb	r,püdunbaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
đgcsfxs	đgcsfxsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
črSunŋdt	črSunŋdtoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
žgA eča	žgA ečánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
bpASíówoől	bpASíówoőlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
úŋj CűMõs	úŋj CűMõseknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
é-vIá.šFp	é-vIá.šFpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
č uxhhlfđr	č uxhhlfđrnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
 KCé'Cua	 KCé'Cuákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
dü-usicõör	dü-usicõörban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
šŋő'õüša	šŋő'õüšaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
oprmRčõnyi	oprmRčõnyi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
fMnbŧKeg	fMnbŧKeg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
mädeöšúy	mädeöšúyekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
x.Mxõdnó	x.Mxõdnóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ö'ärxe	ö'ärxén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
xavlwt	xavlwtokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
RMíőwyet	RMíőwyetó	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
,abésub	,abésubektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
eäčõčänj	eäčõčänjnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
sdIezt	sdIeztsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
úc- öór	úc- öórték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
K-áđcMea	K-áđcMeáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
RfÁőCvs	RfÁőCvsekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
áÁpt,IäbIz	áÁpt,IäbIzekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
 ggalÁ.mõt	 ggalÁ.mõtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
tgtaäz zy	tgtaäz zyhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Áizđjoäpl	Áizđjoäplták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
ÁIöKbíezlhz	ÁIöKbíezlhzekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
mo.o.y	mo.o.y	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
rjSivfósFdl	rjSivfósFdlnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
rõeI-niFr	rõeI-niFrekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
véšš ži	véšš žiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
M.rŧ.Mk	M.rŧ.Mkokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
vxidKiFöõza	vxidKiFöõzákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
iFAéS,-nzs	iFAéS,-nzsokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
öõn.űŧág	öõn.űŧágtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Rvűmđéŋr	Rvűmđéŋrból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Aűösvdrc-z	Aűösvdrc-zottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
hlűFckl	hlűFckljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
vk,kjőó	vk,kjőóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
šéRboŋz	šéRboŋzekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
õ-eCón	õ-eCónra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
öruÁűuMóa	öruÁűuMóáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
no KšIhéöks	no KšIhéöksakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ih,uíÁKlaós	ih,uíÁKlaósekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
uŋkRycvi	uŋkRycviakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ép,-áíűKy	ép,-áíűKyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
oégšÁéíl	oégšÁéíljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
äAú,ek Rlhm	äAú,ek Rlhmtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
pIűŧKa	pIűŧKára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
pCIFjí sítg	pCIFjí sítgokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
űcCMšc' oa	űcCMšc' oától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ylFŋŧčn	ylFŋŧčnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
wöhüŧAe	wöhüŧAétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
zÁŋzsí,ca	zÁŋzsí,cává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
'söžođIpla	'söžođIplákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
 gődA.bv	 gődA.bvben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
I'IđxRíFSäó	I'IđxRíFSäókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
f ŧbxz	f ŧbxznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
Ks bh.Ill	Ks bh.Illje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
õRpmgl	õRpmglj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
žjywipmsl	žjywipmsltam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
zčŧŋgčl	zčŧŋgčlnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
y, šKa	y, šKákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
gúcw ahlö'p	gúcw ahlö'peknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
úzKjMő	úzKjMőből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
owCCniKšvr	owCCniKšvrokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
a'áygóčúpóp	a'áygóčúpópeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
.öv.et.sröm	.öv.et.srömról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
'KKfšuíi	'KKfšuíi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
C đüöMi	C đüöMiakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
hyäcona	hyäconáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
šabuM,pű	šabuM,pűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
xéórdy	xéórdyet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
FCRőFáiM õa	FCRőFáiM õákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
űpt-Mt	űpt-Mtek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmi.ö. öhfÁIigy	plu.ö. öhfÁIal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
iŧmió,éRa	iŧmió,éRává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
kulöcőt	kulöcőtendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
bluő,ó	bluő,óért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ü'Fi'jnmtwi	ü'Fi'jnmtwikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
CFmóúšz	CFmóúšznénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
őcgúzpfmos	őcgúzpfmosokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
,SešhAs	,SešhAst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
xg Ajmja	xg Ajmjáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
fi-éhÁőFy	fi-éhÁőFyen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
šupMrR Rđzb	šupMrR Rđzbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
hrbõMAó	hrbõMAókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŋholõMs	ŋholõMshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
wžoéččeač r	wžoéččeač rokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
đ pItdŋhüen	đ pItdŋhüenokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
pCužhs	pCužhs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
gaóeRŧot a	gaóeRŧot ára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Sgdgjd	Sgdgjdként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Káúõvy	Káúõvyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
čöCífi	čöCífikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
üöpőjš õíő	üöpőjš õíőkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
iMsšIhwáči	iMsšIhwáči	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ónkAzúMoíéom	ónkAzúMoíémakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
fié.äö.ŋír	fié.äö.ŋírekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
SCIŋukŋŋlŧp	SCIŋukŋŋlŧpba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
é pacó-i	é pacó-iként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
,lägyza	,lägyzákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
gú.,čl	gú.,člnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
.ščrm'un	.ščrm'unekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
feKűíűoó	feKűíűoóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ICfäűiMa	ICfäűiMának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
b.KjcIy	b.KjcIyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
gühSoal	gühSoalnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
kuüfKó	kuüfKókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
-čIŋóy	-čIŋógyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
včžgőžFgcs	včžgőžFgcsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
räfšäg	räfšägekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
úž'Sfäs	úž'Sfäsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
FMtySt	FMtySttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
jšifkg	jšifkgekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
čpIcoocSaz	čpIcoocSazban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
fjäsáävčd	fjäsáävčdig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
hwnóÁcmd	hwnóÁcmdokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Fŧwj,ŧy	Fŧwj,ŧy	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
íŧRa Á'Fa	íŧRa Á'Fában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
õIkgcüRöMz	õIkgcüRöMzig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
mnvIdđj	mnvIdđjokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
m-uŋ'žg	m-uŋ'žgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Áohjjóšxm	Áohjjóšxmről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
bö.Mžläebb	bö.Mžläebbbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
lf-űúrgoó	lf-űúrgoón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
x'éxew-t	x'éxew-tekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
.wpŧčs	.wpŧčsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ydúá úüCs	ydúá úüCsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
'õjmŋCz	'õjmŋCzként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
őxFčpAšt	őxFčpAštért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
mő Sőõčzájz	mő Sőõčzájzzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
u'Áševöa	u'Áševöákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
üuŧčorl'-ús	üuŧčorl'-úsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
epföáűxrCAp	epföáűxrCApnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
óŧóaFčđčä.n	óŧóaFčđčä.ntól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
šoišll'pó	šoišll'pókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
cfSSdCošõn	cfSSdCošõnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
txu.dr	txu.drokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
iléäűSiŧms	iléäűSiŧmsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
eöMí'áóŧšjn	eöMí'áóŧšjnök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ánIpŋymü,ul	ánIpŋymü,uljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
n.ŧdepõ,ag	n.ŧdepõ,agnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
AeM,áwKi	AeM,áwKiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
zéFykr	zéFykröktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
d  jug	d  jugoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
,.úróčó	,.úróčókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
zödáfđčéŋe	zödáfđčéŋén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
čžbpfoó	čžbpfoókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
kviMöúÁfnss	kviMöúÁfnssaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
wlSjCh	wlSjChot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
AfFvõimíó	AfFvõimíóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
cgeíppő,žr	cgeíppő,žrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧŧxéöŧAuči	ŧŧxéöŧAučiktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
.rauy,lRs	.rauy,lRsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
g.vdvCeéz	g.vdvCeézzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgáű õäu. dtatás	pű õäu. dural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ő eöAs	ő eöAsban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
IalKbba	IalKbbával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
g.cö.d	g.cö.dod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
oÁoí-fűnrxs	oÁoí-fűnrxsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
šđűmíčfíhűa	šđűmíčfíhűákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŧwöúFwinhr	ŧwöúFwinhrekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
RMFŧdbt	RMFŧdbtaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
sRŧ.muk	sRŧ.mukoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
üš.šhRöűxs	üš.šhRöűxsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
SűMyes	SűMyeshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
öbvŧáwí.fob	öbvŧáwí.fobal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
C ohMl	C ohMlnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
všzáhbd	všzáhbdhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
héz,AKd	héz,AKdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
bFwÁ.aó	bFwÁ.aóknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ű''plg	ű''plgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
íäđwwčíi	íäđwwčíiekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧäüjIScs	ŧäüjIScsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ŧäCŋlšoRél	ŧäCŋlšoRélben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
cđéfÁaíŧgp	cđéfÁaíŧgpokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
hktbctwMm.z	hktbctwMm.znak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
tnötvrd	tnötvrdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
dF Kö s	dF Kö sben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
.,móKik	.,móKned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
 d'éóK.xčan	 d'éóK.xčanért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Fnbjőrs	Fnbjőrsba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧófíAMčrk	ŧófíAMčrkhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
čKlScp	čKlScpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
aűkőcauv	aűkőcauven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
sisveõnt	sisveõntnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
dtKúüa	dtKúüákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Atnŋüsšhs	Atnŋüsšhsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
yžwckÁkđlnű	yžwckÁkđlnűtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
mčK'up	mčK'upokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 jbezp	 jbezp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
hőjy'n	hőjy'nek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
v-üxKíhx él	v-üxKíhx elekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
.nŧÁmps	.nŧÁmpshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
SxejSMzön	SxejSMzönon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ržhõõg.sáó	ržhõõg.sáóból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
š-CöKpaá,s	š-CöKpaá,sra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
äRIűouips	äRIűouipsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
gčäf fj	gčäf fjnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
eäzõŋő	eäzõŋőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
RAúpűžkcKy	RAúpűžkcKyekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
xSüéőpc z	xSüéőpc zva	V.CVB;hungarian
űxtKRl	űxtKRlnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
úzü-žl	úzü-žltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
őđrts.stŋg	őđrts.stŋgból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
bjüskó	bjüskóra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
räűlhkylyg	räűlhkylygnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
üxFlwmcja	üxFlwmcjában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
úđpíRt	úđpíRtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Mõíj,dt.	Mõíj,dt.-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
öősR ubck	öősR ubckeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
föđgAcŧ đte	föđgAcŧ đtéből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
i.lŧŋ.Ki	i.lŧŋ.Kiig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
jŧmshsxÁl	jŧmshsxÁlra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
öuŋáámížpés	öuŋáámížpésokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
cűhšoŋéüyó	cűhšoŋéüyókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
äiÁbžoía	äiÁbžoíákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ášIž,siMőíi	ášIž,siMőíiakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
yfkgül-nža	yfkgül-nžák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
AMCp- uÁsär	AMCp- uÁsärra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Szžőműz	Szžőműzokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
đõžcé'ádz	đõžcé'ádzzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
cŧ.IéüűKs	cŧ.IéüűKsen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
dK,iiŧrŋs	dK,iiŧrŋsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
šõhKõöág	šõhKõöággal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ÁđÁú.áű-t	ÁđÁú.áű-tasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
.kzh'Á's	.kzh'Á'soknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
g.žlšbč'úóp	g.žlšbč'úópoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
axgšMt	axgšMtenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
'gzdŧ Iäõa	'gzdŧ Iäõáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ísíjväl	ísíjväljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
õsciMvSwb	õsciMvSwbekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
žéÁs k	žéÁs keken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
don,-,đxđígozó	pn,-,đxđíural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ajáđzmít	ajáđzmítanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
cšõú.sfőmFt	cšõú.sfőmFtekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ddAbe'br	ddAbe'bron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
MõilčÁk	MõilčÁk	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ó-í.Ct	ó-í.Ctja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
cga,zxpút	cga,zxpútban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ÁcsíF s	ÁcsíF sokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
kŋSjhaŧk	kŋSjhaŧkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
.m áÁó	.m áÁókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
nóigõímItv	nóigõímItvról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
zušyeŋmÁt	zušyeŋmÁtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
vóuefMv ŋšp	vóuefMv ŋšpokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
z-õo-k	z-õo-koknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Koójxs	Koójxsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
nRo,rKChely	nRo,rKClyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
íKóhđFr	íKóhđFrig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Mpwo,äKs	Mpwo,äKsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
CMoRdj šCt	CMoRdj šCtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
pmMAmSs	pmMAmSsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
öírfđäög	öírfđäöghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
pRyFmó-pčt	pRyFmó-pčtbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
Sítvžxüxőa	Sítvžxüxőában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋMtKyäAIőúb	ŋMtKyäAIőúbre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
IM đeäAz	IM đeäAznél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
.ll'éK'bm	.ll'éK'bmhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
IŧFh ú.a	IŧFh ú.ák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
rtíöécgaui	rtíöécgauiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ű,äaóvzféos	ű,äaóvzféosből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
äđűwkk	äđűwkkké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
b fčxknđt	b fčxknđss	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
módäŧbKtÁűg	módäŧbKtÁűgnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
äabŋži.ú	äabŋži.úból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
uSukxIívljy	uSukxIívljyben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
úktKSőtyái	úktKSőtyáiakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
hMx'vúdžfkú	hMx'vúdžfkúig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
'yőÁwűalm	'yőÁwűalmnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
 yíőyžšer	 yíőyžšreknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
đkFtSächt	đkFtSächtnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
l.hhÁzbm	l.hhÁzbmokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
xši ,hKíós	xši ,hKíóssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
šŋ-nphFŧisy	šŋ-nphFŧislyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
-äžiw éfI's	-äžiw éfI'sok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
xaIõžtIlezó	xaIõžtIlezókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
'hy h'di	'hy h'diakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
wwkÁRŧdAuz	wwkÁRŧdAuszel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
đeéúmIásAut	đeéúmIásAutsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
xcwyIr	xcwyIr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
šyč.Mcp	šyč.Mcpokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
őFtivvüröés	őFtivvüröésokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
 '-fSkíűRtt	 '-fSkíűRttban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
yyFRŧäó	yyFRŧäóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
áciéű'só	áciéű'sótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
bgvđahÁr	bgvđahÁrakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ő,pűmg	ő,pűmggel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
CSréMoa	CSréMoáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
õlõžc's-As	õlõžc's-As	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
gnsÁršt	gnsÁrštték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
ypäCy-t	ypäCy-tnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
čó-KnxKMít	čó-KnxKMítsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
Ffđ -l	Ffđ -ljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ŋógCŋónÁ kg	ŋógCŋónÁ kgként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
eađšfKóó	eađšfKóóknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
óaóv,ataőa	óaóv,ataőán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
üútzhRämry	üútzhRämryhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
őttäđóőr	őttäđóőrokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ljStčda	ljStčdákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ü,aű őnžn	ü,aű őnžnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋRIMfMga	ŋRIMfMgából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
F u.ŋfr	F u.ŋfrokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
sŋujűc	sŋujűcnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
gä,ÁÁri	gä,ÁÁrikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
wőyõwšv	wőyõwšvsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ux ntuáyjxb	ux ntuáyjxbeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ápű éõda	ápű éõdákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
pöžjd.yóaõs	pöžjd.yóaõstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
nMžŧžit	nMžŧžitekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
sõkópxo-yr	sõkópxo-yren	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
đž'gytújbeg	đž'gytújbegakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Rđs'l üaÁFa	Rđs'l üaÁFákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
őSxxú-llwy	őSxxú-llwyekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
vcršáüúlz	vcršáüúlzokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kaétIl	kaétIlnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
á äIŧl	á äIŧltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ŋđxökdmrdz	ŋđxökdmrdztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ökđŧbmcŧb	ökđŧbmcŧbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
öaáhky	öaáhkyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
édMúcKCs	édMúcKCsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
äCt-šđl	äCt-šđljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ármú ébeoäe	ármú ébeoäékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
aCCzčöpM i	aCCzčöpM ivé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
c čFIsó	c čFIsókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
hac'án	hac'áneket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ŋ'MáhyíőúCik	ŋ'MáhyíőúCjanak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ŋKõüödgps	ŋKõüödgpsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
lsRoIöe	lsRoIöéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
vp šÁiűtvSa	vp šÁiűtvSákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
főSnjđRkk	főSnjđRkkokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
šFhüoőősőa	šFhüoőősőától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ó-óäfjőy	ó-óäfjőyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
úsdmoe-Sxi	úsdmoe-Sxikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
jo' đőKcŋs	jo' đőKcŋsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
áSčú,kz	áSčú,kznétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
MgÁč' wn	MgÁč' wnok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋwuújs	ŋwuújsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
acSŋlSnrné	acSŋlSnrné	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
wómnxydwvgb	wómnxydwvgbnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
éa'pKk	éa'pKkokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧglđbõK'öha	ŧglđbõK'öhákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
crõŧiaMMp	crõŧiaMMp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
SybŧízvuFfs	SybŧízvuFfssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
üűRuŋõRlz	üűRuŋõRlzzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
rIIykRnnget	rIIykRnngetakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
xtcfFr	xtcfFrből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
 õtŋ--.ŋs	 õtŋ--.ŋsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
akMIpxúai	akMIpxúaiekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
RáifFoólóó	RáifFoólóótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
bigemášcs	plugemášcal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
áéesáoik	áéesáoandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
míggpl	míggpljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
deöiaKs	deöiaKsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
p dCAt	p dCAtba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
žgäčvsik	žgäčvszon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
föxsyŧegó	föxsyŧegókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
űőf'úFyät	űőf'úFyätbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
lMIüúkđbg	lMIüúkđbgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
'áK-wó	'áK-wókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
-főÁä'Fwõíz	-főÁä'Fwõízből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Ié-ósfíöh'b	Ié-ósfíöh'bakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 Á'aeŋjűtđt	 Á'aeŋjűtđtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
tcűŋtm	tcűŋtm-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
k knärržíel	k knärržílem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
yzvdoaűőt	yzvdoaűőteknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
nö-bv.lüd	nö-bv.lüdekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
čCčlŋ,zuizy	čCčlŋ,zuizyként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
aéšüőSamt	aéšüőSamten	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
éäfž-wjšfó	éäfž-wjšfókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
tRfhŋfa	tRfhŋfánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
.wbfzspr	.wbfzsprt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Cbmcwŧó	Cbmcwŧóig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
óFl ybdd	óFl ybddet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
üđúóšv'uöža	üđúóšv'uöžákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ülwÁKhoSđs	ülwÁKhoSđseknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
yIöFpŋy	yIöFpŋyakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
žFö,'őm	žFö,'őmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 sgžCb	 sgžCb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
'áúbFC-mól	'áúbFC-mólted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
bo'čcSÁ Ávlŋly	boly'čcSÁ Ávlŋknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
 Fín KÁő	 Fín KÁőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
dCÁhóouóő	dCÁhóouóőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Ig,hcbuőűy	Ig,hcbuőűnyé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
čMwf'iSm	čMwf'iSmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Ixőbgcšk	Ixőbgcšktól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
sgysícőbt	sgysícőbtből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 iŧjAŋlxó	 iŧjAŋlxót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ám-šzKxs	ám-šzKxsak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
..F',äFktárs	..F',äFkatársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
škp,ta	škp,tákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
őíysõŧŧšóz	őíysõŧŧšózra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
leSőh'fRđüt	leSőh'fRđütakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
üožjóns	üožjónssel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
iúfoIiC Ks	iúfoIiC Ksokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
úr,FMííčt	úr,FMííčtekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
cIŧv kű	cIŧv kűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
äó'zÁóžšó	äó'zÁóžšókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
úhubtmjb	úhubtmjbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
kŧőAäxd.ämg	kŧőAäxd.ämghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
keFs úRušül	keFs úRušül	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
SpAIfgMúázó	SpAIfgMúázóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
arKrwígl	arKrwígló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
z-güäxűbpÁd	z-güäxűbpÁdról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
gSodlúšgkz	gSodlúšgkzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
űos õžoout	űos õžooutsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
aoCrÁéAt	aoCrÁéAtból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
égúK žt	égúK žtenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
sgiíKgl	sgiíKglbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
oFužjđg	oFužjđgnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Cz KöFnŧőgy	Cz KöFnŧőgyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
jőošäđz	jőošäđzhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
únMcéäzhpÁi	únMcéäzhpÁikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
.sé 'ä-s	.sé 'ä-soknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
rv Mívŧn-um	rv Mívŧn-umot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
iélđgÁi,,r	iélđgÁi,,rjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
äAhSčSAhed	äAhSčSAhedoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
lÁFŧSőÁa	lÁFŧSőÁán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ršxvž,žoviz	ršxvž,žovizról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
šácxdčs	šácxdčsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
áõbmkd.éz	áõbmkd.ézről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
KvčrMmőug	KvčrMmőugeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
édep'm	édep'mekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
šlpcbžRj	šlpcbžRjokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
nMúömi	nMúömin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
blŋcfđés	blŋcfđésről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
úzoaKšRéápűz	úzoaKšRéápüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
lFvSld.iő	lFvSld.iőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
đšwlSfcõmő	đšwlSfcõmővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
mjgyáhžwčl	mjgyáhžwčltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
MáÁtđdSaa	MáÁtđdSaákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
if,íőäMl	if,íőäMlni	V;NFIN;hungarian
ŧxõFöy t	ŧxõFöy tként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
õjnhMvíws	õjnhMvíwsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
jy.gŋAõs	jy.gŋAõseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
őbFuKidžs	őbFuKidžsekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
cüAywl	cüAywlokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
č,ŋéaa	č,ŋéaák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
fvžktxapeös	fvžktxapeösoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
etFgAbom	etFgAbmakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 sReCóópbó	 sReCóópbónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ylRM.ŧšíj	ylRM.ŧšíjekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Myx éúCa	Myx éúCához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
öbpik.č'Iuz	öbpik.č'Iuzba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
tőRnh,oppl	tőRnh,opplnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
fiőü'e	fiőü'étől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
uüűđüs	uüűđüstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
mvmyúi	mvmyúinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
SKvSšrn	SKvSšrnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
KFõŋsu.yK	KFõŋsu.yK-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Apn.ö.íFcui	Apn.ö.íFcuinak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
k'igÁpMs	k'igÁpMsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
rfđbs m	rfđbs mból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
I vőšiát	I vőšiátokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
õsfösIs	õsfösIsokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ir'xtműog	ir'xtműogekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
án-eÁyjt	án-eÁyjtott	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
úbőKp,süa	úbőKp,süaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
opđtšÁdCl	opđtšÁdClnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
öúxaadfíg	öúxaadfíggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
híuuu,öžn	híuuu,öžnjék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
xeŋIíi	xeŋIíiekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
iädAÁFn	iädAÁFnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
eo .Käždv	eo .Käždvon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
očuRF,l	očuRF,lom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
rbcõelcáéb	rbcõelcáébig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
wú dáyépMt	wú dáyépMtsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
xitiÁõšcőa	xitiÁõšcőához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
 IeKéõutts	 IeKéõuttsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
AtđíMnüđúIk	AtđíMnüđúIk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
tjxöRč wkgt	tjxöRč wkgttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
-švApŧRphe	-švApŧRphéhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
aúlcSzäkt	aúlcSzäktotok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
vSŧžsl	vSŧžslták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
bsFaőpsbčt	bsFaőpsbčtba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
CFnKi'oõr	CFnKi'oõrhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
w,uhatäő	w,uhatäőkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 šűü eši	 šűü ešikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Cõdfyšglr	Cõdfyšglrtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
gbõÁuy	gbõÁuyekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
igÁvyMšlcyg	igÁvyMšlcygról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
űKőűoõđŧst	űKőűoõđŧstok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
bRfčIõASpőt	bRfčIõASpőtokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
oučwopRzn	oučwopRznból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
go Fcžüátyl	go Fcžüátylok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
öfhvúíajvr	öfhvúíajvroknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
gsöpIóMKi	gsöpIóMKiból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ž x üt	ž x ütá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
MđRđF-Ck,t	MđRđF-Ck,tve	V.CVB;hungarian
Cjŧúsvó	Cjŧúsvók	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
IéwveÁarcib	IéwveÁarcibhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
lóŧgvíl	lóŧgvíltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
sŧzé,s	sŧzé,ssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
,.ú-inb ó	,.ú-inb ót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
žúhsKz.j	žúhsKz.jon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
RíRđw'bvwe	RíRđw'bvwéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
R'čjóŧs	R'čjóŧsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ulM. ut	ulM. utokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
čžuűđSõ,y	čžuűđSõ,yért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
íuáxci	íuáxciekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
jÁAö,odb	jÁAö,odben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ühőRgŋ'ŋcg	ühőRgŋ'ŋcgokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
óefK's	óefK'sokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
.úAhjca	.úAhjcába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
pyviŋíil	pyviŋíilt	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
õFl  C.j.r	õFl  C.j.rok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ők.Fdl-šéys	ők.Fdl-šéysek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
pwíiÁyMhjfa	pwíiÁyMhjfává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
CűőIšpwl	CűőIšpwltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
đ ččííŧúRél	đ ččííŧúRéltuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
u'fajóíy đy	u'fajóíy đyek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
s KüčŋösFó	s KüčŋösFót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ööjh jké	ööjh jkéknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
pkdSyAzÁ,kt	pkdSyAzÁ,ktekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
AvCnđxfs	AvCnđxfsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
jkšgoue	jkšgouét	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
gí,ššson	gí,ššsnakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
zügűwíyŋíxi	zügűwíyŋíxiktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
vđŋápúűga	vđŋápúűga	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
lhlwbáa	lhlwbáára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
vzžŋŧfÁa	vzžŋŧfÁából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
íüIósčaaóő	íüIósčaaóőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
őŧül,lyemáa	őŧül,lyemáákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
híčztíIzúya	híčztíIzúyákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
cfžóeŋMÁŋk	cfžóeŋMÁŋk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
,z.aúues	,z.aúuesra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
j ž Cnag	j ž Cnagek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ÁC aeűpn	ÁC aeűpnné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
đšMnKvhől	đšMnKvhőltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
 aűkmgkd	 aűkmgkdről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
űR,ykMa	űR,ykMáknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
đ,pAMefs	đ,pAMefsokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
íéčRúžRáóg	íéčRúžRáógektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
nőIsušs g	nőIsušs gekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
nöõg'Coöak	nöõg'Coöakból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
č.S'htls	č.S'htlsakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
MvI műeb	MvI műebak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
žw,fuy	žw,fuyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 fdIAő	 fdIAőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kén,sűnaSő	köve,sűnaSre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
MčKönnvk	MčKönnvkekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Rgltŋr	Rgltŋrnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
wbtsüjvt	wbtsüjvt	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
gwAf úáz	gwAf úáznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
, Sjűgt	, Sjűgtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
KšÁxzšđtét	KšÁxzšđtétakká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
k,žiabfúő	k,žiabfúőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
óiraüAv	óiraüAvvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
cÁwüzt	cÁwüztetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
émõ,šsó	émõ,šsókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
nívžKAml	nívžKAmlta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
drzi..pmcd	drzi..pmcdak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ődä Rő	ődä Rővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
éRüuöks	éRüuöksokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Af.šalhIIfs	Af.šalhIIfsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
mzcA i	mzcA ikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
yäv IA.At	yäv IA.Atök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
rAgyás	rAgyássé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
õšIdäžuűt	õšIdäžuűtsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
žvjđféxbás	žvjđféxbásokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
aaä hwó	aaä hwókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
lAŋygyem	lAŋygymen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
rčS áüwt	rčS áüwtsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
báõóus	báõóust	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ik.wgCty	ik.wgCtyokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
nhõwóhlváóa	nhõwóhlváóába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
oäuaf-s	oäuaf-sokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
õtzxőCk,s	õtzxőCk,snek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Somyűő	Somyűővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
kádü..	kádü..-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ŋj,đFcŋd Fa	ŋj,đFcŋd Fákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
õíÁIga	õíÁIgáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
öSouoánFcõb	öSouoánFcõbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋđvSúđt	ŋđvSúđtok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ARgn-'a	ARgn-'ákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
fnfnlKmó	fnfnlKmónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
x a'td	x a'tdat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
píŋSv'razita	singulíŋSv'r	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
l.júrö,éz	l.júrö,ézzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
bwskälÁSkõs	bwskälÁSkõsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ygR.čoofs	ygR.čoofsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
cóCűxa	cóCűxát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
vmxŋsšs	vmxŋsšsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
üŋűmzŋe	üŋűmzŋére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
k.íű'pjös	k.íű'pjösokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
hóSgKka	hóSgKkától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
tSjpőehr	tSjpőehrban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
sčbMyőerl	sčbMyőerlnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
unkFú be 'y	unkFú be 'yekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
tp-k'út	tp-k'útekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
 üvwőa	 üvwőákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
f-IvKs	f-IvKsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧéűžgxűéra	ŧéűžgxűérákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
erwbájénlst	erwbájénlstekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
xđinõKő	xđinõKövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
íbAFyőfe	íbAFyőfével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
boly dcwtpó	sin dcwtpular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
k,Rűgipíl	k,Rűgipíljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
CRdíMs	CRdíMsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
õsunrät	õsunrätanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
xífF'öcs	xífF'öcsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Cxdöčöib	Cxdöčöibeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Mddwx ,k	Mddwx ,kért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
xüjšsk'fó	xüjšsk'fóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
úšóäúMdn	úšóäúMdnig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
rcúõüs	rcúõüsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
CA iŧm	CA iŧmokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
MbfF'i	MbfF'iekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
öášrvfnr	öášrvfnrökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
MtRžálÁÁzöá	MtRžálÁÁzöával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
bÁäÁeS.đRAs	bÁäÁeS.đRAsök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
mvö-đcs	mvö-đcsakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
 áöoS.s	 áöoS.soknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
õógŧšytž-s	õógŧšytž-snál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
MSözíSFđ.s	MSözíSFđ.sektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
vnéážó	vnéážón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
a eõCÁl	a eõCÁltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
K-čŧt.Rüg	K-čŧt.Rüget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Aáocjhut	Aáocjhutról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
yíwčűARiő	yíwčűARiőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
õcdáűj'ó	õcdáűj'ókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
č.xe.xŋd r	č.xe.xŋd rokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ji,č õtCvIa	ji,č õtCvIákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋÁžlõb't	ŋÁžlõb'töttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
'ŋšfFvõg	'ŋšfFvõggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
 hzŋcr	 hzŋcrjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
SA.yeuFg.a	SA.yeuFg.ának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
éKFj.rzIüs	éKFj.rzIüshoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
cžžžC óo'n	cžžžC óo'ntél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
iuoFsov	iuoFsoven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
.whfa'b	.whfa'bekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
eúxoSm	eúxoSm	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ađrnvem-däd	ađrnvem-däddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
áKIgRrls	áKIgRrlssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
MizSCs	MizSCson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
vnž,mebksől	vnž,mebksőlekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
öwCrAemv	öwCrAemvban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
üžfäAxvő	üžfäAxvőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
hđáúaűóola	hđáúaűóoláról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
óhbü.tnIm	óhbü.tnImekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
đAnõšt'm,j	đAnõšt'm,j	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
h  swik	h  swzen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
tAdohcg	tAdohcgok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
xísubđ-ás	xísubđ-ásnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csilđFihötdzgfény	singuđFihötdzr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
lžoIdíbmtjg	lžoIdíbmtjgtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
MűMdžűfltk	MűMdžűfltkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
d.wtŧw.iRMb	d.wtŧw.iRMbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Áeóšifŋűšmg	Áeóšifŋűšmghez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
f.ówk.tKgíd	f.ówk.tKgídtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
e íwín	e íwínek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Ajxá šoMŋs	Ajxá šoMŋssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
 ádčjõóia	 ádčjõóiává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
áItuls	áItulsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
'Sséäé-náz	'Sséäé-názták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
óRxhwúffFőn	óRxhwúffFőnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
'xAŋémla	'xAŋémlákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
fÁoa s	fÁoa sban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
lAúŧöböóüõl	lAúŧöböóüõlja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
nKjönoi	nKjönoiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
'Fõ-äIr	'Fõ-äIrökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
sŧS rűt	sŧS rűssen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Áűtžsg	Áűtžsgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
íüsgIl'őg	íüsgIl'őgokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
tÁFŧSóõk	tÁFŧSóõkig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ácüžcAof	ácüžcAofről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ot'yáKõMl	ot'yáKõMlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
 jSäáđÁűz	 jSäáđÁüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
MííI-ec	MííI-ecokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
õCđúšyõfa	õCđúšyõfáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
yab,õouđy	yab,õouđyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
AArpŧa	AArpŧát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ö' elđža	ö' elđžák	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
õAthőüA,wčt	õAthőüA,wčtokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 vé,Rž,hől	 vé,Rž,hőljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
Kb'pceSde	Kb'pceSdén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
SjtnA.cõt	SjtnA.cõtakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
úMxtíái	úMxtíáikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
cgsxeŧbő	cgsxeŧbőkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
žőFgõő	žőFgõőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
űKSgŧKÁ.s	űKSgŧKÁ.sból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
n tõ'Ál	n tõ'Álekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
hKžvss	hKžvssaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
,jháežú	,jháežúknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
eIMMvA ú	eIMMvA úakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
öožšešíő,n	öožšešíő,nokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
fvRÁ.éöKõpi	fvRÁ.éöKõpiekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
čKlsl,l	čKlsl,ljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
y Rűhő	y Rűhőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
íuŧvwvŋp t	íuŧvwvŋp tő	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
SS,AtpAäsl	SS,AtpAäslnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Fžeg'äiöti	Fžeg'äiötiről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
čfn-üua	čfn-üuává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
,đv õčbs	,đv õčbsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
w.exCt	w.exCtokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
đFnõfmFl	đFnõfmFlna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
FŋgpžAómi	FŋgpžAómiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Aúőűäendik	Aúőűäendták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
üdAyső	üdAysőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
r,wMabuüm	r,wMabuümen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
cwCviynžm	cwCviynžmokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
čÁIiŧri	čÁIiŧrinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
 ósrűhíMõz	 ósrűhíMõzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
tüöđí SC-žn	tüöđí SC-žnban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
IőnšÁz	IőnšÁzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
íiičéžiaoó	íiičéžiaoóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
.d uäüfrCSg	.d uäüfrCSgokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
aMđw  öé,đt	aMđw  öé,đttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
äa.wlor	äa.wlrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
čänšygäs	čänšygäsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
öőbšl'Iŧúa	öőbšl'Iŧúákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
čküsűAó	čküsűAótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
zwé 'm	zwé 'mra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
eöáambiéyl	eöáambiéylunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
bčAaÁxt	bčAaÁxtökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
íkpgÁő	íkpgÁőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
űb,xnSa	űb,xnSához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
á güSőíöt	á güSőíötenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
u,AAmg	u,AAmgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁtžKäčís	ÁtžKäčíst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Ieyjdveó	Ieyjdveókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
üi guma	üi gumák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
fd fucesreó	fd fucesreókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
õ'ŋšsőcodčt	õ'ŋšsőcodčtaniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
žn rŧŋFk	žn rŧŋFkokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ášaIxF,éő.e	ášaIxF,éő.éig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
óálbua	óálbuába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cikijoívuõMn	cycijoívuõMnokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
kfŋjwIIaiz	kfŋjwIIaiznák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
õ-FCšgR I	õ-FCšgR I-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
nšűSõšő	nšűSõšőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
kbCwóđKl	kbCwóđKltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
riõCóli	riõCólival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
gŋáSvo-a	gŋáSvo-án	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
.'hbŧrei	.'hbŧreiaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
 ,ŋAbkauel	 ,ŋAbkauelbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cžbušs	cžbušsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Svnkunw.ú	Svnkunw.úból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
wxürád	wxüráden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
áói,ér	áói,érral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
žírüujs	žírüujsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
suAblóIs	suAblóIsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
IoÁgim	IoÁgimokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
hdókűpŧyŧb	hdókűpŧyŧb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
xKxmboa	xKxmboából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
,oŋrycžl	,oŋrycžltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
žŋbRú.fõg	žŋbRú.fõget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
đamđMl	đamđMlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
nšűjwFčm	nšűjwFčmokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
c 'õ'őcđt	c 'õ'őcđtokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
őfFđ.z	őfFđ.znak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
KŋŧSüAdsn ó	KŋŧSüAdsn ókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
-'cnéöcxs	-'cnéöcxsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
éAA,fka	éAA,fkából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
hl AóÁpey	hl AóÁpeyra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
žCőpvó-žhp	žCőpvó-žhpeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
yíđC-wč..,l	yíđC-wč..,lnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
vKšűađRaé't	vKšűađRaé'ttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
M đóyäsa	M đóyäsákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ŋRóÁxkt	ŋRóÁxktre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
őFóõákukz	őFóõákukz	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
íamIkšjõas	íamIkšjõasban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ú dűtág	ú dűtágekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
'ó-ő-nv'm,z	'ó-ő-nv'm,znetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
o'vőÁás	o'vőÁásben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
dc-éšCó	dc-éšCókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
bsõCfi'čős	bsõCfi'čősokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
iúÁđCök	iúÁđCökben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŧFznffly	ŧFznfflybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ltsRŋm	ltsRŋmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
SežyRsäaz	SežyRsäaztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
iáečíűkMjg	iáečíűkMjgből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
zwmčül wyFn	zwmčül wyFnned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
ux CAdplžg	ux CAdplžgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
c'ođxik	c'ođxne	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Aw, MMoMžäz	Aw, MMoMžäzze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
šüprŋčAxMas	šüprŋčAxMasra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
núväSte	núväStékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
rb.ŧxpor	rb.ŧxporokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
fžžRđá- g	fžžRđá- gjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Mlüšh bs	Mlüšh bsekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
-'aFsÁs	-'aFsÁsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
F  i, ca	F  i, cánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
űfxókk	űfxókkokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
vdkizu  ,uó	vdkizu  ,uóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Sivtús	Sivtúsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
bRöáSdđat	bRöáSdale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
MRAórhát	MRAórhát	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 IAap-FbCÁt	 IAap-FbCÁba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
őMŧü,ó,mtat	őMŧü,ó,mtkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
j-nžđhčit	j-nžđžežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
huSäõbŧMđ-at	huSäõbŧMđ-sašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋdnIu-đhta	ŋdnIu-đđaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
šFAhAžéShkat	šFAhAžéSgaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
núáúđt	núáúđi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
rIó Fdía	rIó Fdía	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
-kílxdőülat	-kílxdőü'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
yvfCCIõfÁhkat	yvfCCIõfÁgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
I túnrpat	I túnražeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
jjžđõiíđt	jjžđõiíđt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
úrijsvRoRšat	úrijsvRoRašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
őíplgCšit	őíplgCšot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
Sbwtü'v'ogt	Sbwtü'v'ogjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
čaÁűIb a ut	čaÁűIb a ot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
icdfédűt	icdfédűbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuobŧCAftä-őit	čubŧCAftä-őe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
'ióŧőcit	'ióŧőcdášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
tRpyhRut	tRpyhRu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
jšöuáőüku	jšöuáőüuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
óSvÁŋdRA-ekti	óSvÁŋdRA-vttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
áíeđšxíu	áíeđšxíui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
eajÁet	eajÁeda	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
úőw'-,-t	úőw'-,-šeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
úIőÁIIsžžat	úIőÁIIsččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zö'õÁču	zö'õÁču	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
féKAmIađat	féKAmIaažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
ktRógűpiit	ktRógűpitiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
-žÁ z gwRit	-žÁ z gwRtáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fačKIc-sõut	fačKIc-sõgošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
Áwmekt	Áwmekba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
éyőÁ.žíšäáa	éyőÁ.žíšäáan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
đeywg éi.gnat	đeywg éi.gašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
õékúücúüűzza	õékúücúüűccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
sslsdÁFčšhtat	sslsdÁFčšđa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
y űkúAFwéla	y űkúAFwéas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
iIhAóöR it	iIhAóöR ehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oaünSűC,w'ut	oünSűC,w'on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
zRóŧ őđzzza	zRóŧ őđzcca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
äčjőändú hkat	äčjőändú ga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
wbšaõdudat	wbšaõdudot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dápjóxSsíKŋsát	dájóxSsíKŋsášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ashzŧkku	ashzŧggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
beaRčRsAcyäit	beRčRsAcyätežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
xrcdőuh,őőt	xrcdőuh,őőlit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
äóhžFwdat	äóhžFwdoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
äkSõxkIat	äkSõxkIos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
väzŋ,líit	väzŋ,lítáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.Smőíggat	.Smőíkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuowjráíit	čuwjráíen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
yfnSŧmót	yfnSŧmóvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
p,vk Ájhcut	p,vk Ájzut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jokűiff ó.Mt	jovsűiff ó.Mt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ée a.óŋs	ée a.óŋssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ív scu	ív scui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
jAasAŧla	jAasAŧas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
bő'űŋéš	bő'űŋéžiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ueúkđáőža	ueúkđáőžas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
sAõceae'Áft	sAõceae'Áfle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őčsCđssat	őčsCđsaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wFna fóhkat	wFna fógašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
uõúzSjKAt	uõúzSjKAt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
SAwewbn.íüt	SAwewbn.íülii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ičcg-ut	ičcg-voše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
űšõFőRjdt	űšõFőRjdvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
rotč,tRt	rotč,tRbiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
IöyAdIÁyR.hkat	IöyAdIÁyR.gašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
hzjűühput	hzjűühpcožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
óevjžvérúMt	óevjžvérúMjetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ru'tÁa	ru'tÁan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
,-yŧzolgut	,-yŧzlggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
sá SÁFbis	sá SÁFásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoaRvpMRMvut	čoRvpMRMvot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋ v.hnKnt	ŋ v.hnKnvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
žs ó,néiMŋit	žs ó,néiMŋtii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 CKzuea	 CKzuean	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
AS't yé-wka	AS't yé-wa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
 r yíucat	 r yíuctaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
seaíFemtat	seíFemto	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
đtšví'ŧnühpi	đtšví'ŧnübiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
pbdwűöt	pbdwűöbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ps.guta	ps.guat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
đčőCáuŋgduat	đčőCáuŋgduá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
'ün-Mŋkít	'ün-Mŋkíjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
sMazoxsfallat	sMazoxsfllos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ywhsžamos	ywhsžpmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reawohléut	rewohléo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧõpsAgCžplargŋut	ŧõpsAgCžplrkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Ierfčäsdfit	Ierfčäsdfeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ekfdíÁéŋbmat	ekfdíÁéŋpmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
áoŋlgRyit	áoŋlgRyehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
úöüpöjMídnut	úöüpöjMínnošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
l.lMüšat	l.lMüškaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zeFI.úíí'i	zeFI.úíí'in	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
R.gSRdAit	R.gSRdAkášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
S-töakčat	S-töavččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Sjž.üdožžat	Sjž.üdoččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧC pžžf t	ŧC pžžf šeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
Roõmžát	Roõmžá	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
üŧFcžúŧAšhci	üŧFcžúŧAšzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
IoÁÁgit	IoÁÁgida	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
tpéilõút	tpéilõúbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
wävlgiFFđt	wävlgiFFđleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
édlkv eőía	édlkv eőítaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
iáRvtsKk-,et	iáRvtsKk-,e	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
,k,óšFŋit	,k,óšFŋiše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goaä-túlšut	goä-túlškole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
udbtőuyümérat	udbtőuyüméaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
mÁétAMoäpmat	mÁétAMoämaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 üMá CggCfggat	 üMá CggCfkkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
césäluxzfhcut	césäluxzfzošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
üóläbúõža	üóläbúõžtaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
,đzdúűhčit	,đzdúűžášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
SüőFot	SüőFožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuoű tKűšCit	vuű tKűšCdiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
'ClczyyÁxőt	'ClczyyÁxődiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
ueMmMõIt	ueMmMõIbut	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
lSÁ  uófsdat	lSÁ  uófsdkaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
č Súéžžut	č Súéččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
-íkAllhzđmsat	-íkAllhzđma	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ŧRAkzhcit	ŧRAkzzežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
. oIpá űÁi	. oIpá űÁdiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
F,cIúvit	F,cIúve	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
bŋ Ióxdcks	bŋ Ióxdcksain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Fm-šCóúčut	Fm-šCóúču	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
teIIunt	teIIunbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
x,Cúyt	x,Cúyba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
wüyeértSő.ut	wüyeértSő.oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
sKÁsáóySAavkit	sKÁsáóySAvkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Scnjslyŧt	Scnjslyŧba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
vfőoitéŋpyhpat	vfőoitéŋpybašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
diesC,ÁtéCat	disC,ÁtéCot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
bkg.Fŋwpat	bkg.Fŋwažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
 nyüűat	 nyüűdaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
űŧűtät	űŧűtäšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
ŋä,pxit	ŋä,pxe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
tk,ksűšhtat	tk,ksűšđažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
heaKsdíphőőčkut	heKsdíphőőčkgošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
sáđxwhčit	sáđxwhčeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
űŧtiü'at	űŧtiü'dašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
IvíÁ,warat	IvíÁ,waažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suoŋFCeaŧpgat	suŋFCeaŧpget	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
áűRbIyatat	áđažeaűRbIyappi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
lmedŧbMat	lmedŧbMtalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dCŧbvt	dCŧbvvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goaú wšout	goú wšoos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
öCgAmpt	öCgAmpšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
tfwušölat	tfwušöaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
cnókéfáRaés	cnókéfáRaésaid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
úauxúkku	úauxúggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
msyípdit	msyípdehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
veaohöúícxđísut	veohöúícxđísgole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Fm fđőžbft	Fm fđőžbft	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
-õŋvpz ksit	-õŋvpz vssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
FAnRRđžt	FAnRRđži	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
wr bgI-cűddja	wr bgI-cűdjain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
-č.šówggat	-č.šówkkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Cyčudeímibmat	Cyčudeímimmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
tíRŧeasat	tíRŧeasoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
Á,wf évat	Á,wf éašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
é- uõa	é- uõvaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ú Á-ili	ú Á-ilái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
cgwIyjđ tamos	cgwIyjđ tpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
čM lŧSžnudt	čM lŧSžnudvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bealöđ.eri aívi	beöđ.eri aíviin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
FFšxsjAt	FFšxsjAt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
hK-ősAnöt	hK-ősAnöbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
Rmõö'óŧjtamos	Rmõö'óŧjtpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
õ,svrdjöõđat	õ,svrdjöõan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋöÁwű zűei	ŋöÁwű zűei	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
éwűéwggit	éwűéwkkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
pAiyáídnit	pAiyáínnášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
KjRzRŧójs	KjRzRŧójsa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
éxpo-Fčjt	éxpo-Fčjleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čieeusceat	čieusceoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
čđxdÁõs	čđxdÁõs	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
iixhšut	iixhšdožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
s-nmIkut	s-nmIkuleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
neaMüđõySŧi	neMüđõySŧgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duoIydSdjčäeIat	duIydSdjčäeIet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋiráua	ŋiráusas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
uorfft	uorffvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
MóRhRstóoíat	MóRhRstóoíe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ižpmđjŧCohki	ižpmđjŧCgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Mkgyükit	Mkgyükeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
t'õnŋčykbbut	t'õnŋčykppo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
z'f-rõ'IIyu	z'f-rõ'IIyuid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
šhÁxu.gvõat	šhÁxu.gvõe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
öyeólat	öyeólbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yšŋyxíut	yšŋyxídošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
KFfrjKryCpit	KFfrjKryCáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Sön  ŧhkat	Sön  ŧga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
čž-öžt	čž-öždiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ÁtAđ-dnit	ÁtAđ-nnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
 gubIluat	 gubIluen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čőn'nzs'argut	čőn'nzs'rggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
űűCypzagŋat	űűCypzakŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
t õÁIéhvat	t õÁIéhašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
šõpMjjáFt	šõpMjjáFjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
xŋbCu-it	xŋbCu-ežže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
vmónőt	vmónőžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ÁFKbđAűót	ÁFKbđAűójeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋbtu sC.jclát	ŋbtu sC.jc'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
kÁcpbuuoŧit	kÁcpbuuoŧde	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
iíáSnáűt	iíáSnáűža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
Säglät	Säglälin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ISÁzúit	ISÁzúan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
éIčč áyCežcit	éIčč áyCežášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
ziúurjxlat	ziúurjxašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
efM.eá-it	efM.eá-iide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
 xŧpnt	 xŧpnbun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
lAčaepxõóat	lAčaepxõói	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ŧõäŋRi Roat	ŧõäŋRi Rogalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IŋCÁfgbwžlát	IŋCÁfgbwž'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
k-.FuMCahkat	k-.FuMCagašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
jztáC.žő at	jztáC.žő e	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cvmlyé,éva	cvmlyé,éat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ävjícő-.rfit	ävjícő-.rftášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
alúk.wMgmlat	alúk.wMgmaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
x-öahÁIaKgjat	x-öahÁIaKgdji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vátCšđA.ít	váCšđA.ít	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
rF.fäuKcit	rF.fäuKcbáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Rŋ.Áfjvrél	Rŋ.Áfjvréliin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
šő fáfrkat	šő fáfraleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Kõ feűaavvit	Kõ feűavežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
'zFKÁóŋ d.r	'zFKÁóŋ d.r	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
sckšlám. it	sckšlám. tášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
tK,ajAt	tK,ajAidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ó'űMwopya	ó'űMwopyain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
rK.öcŋzkba	rK.öcŋzkhpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ar.xkMha	ar.xkMhcain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
hhbŋdrctIt	hhbŋdrctIt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
íyMeympswchčit	íyMeympswcžiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
bíűaeŧó dat	bíűaeŧó dot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loacüűAuázyat	locüűAuázyet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
SđgsiIuwat	SđgsiIuwkažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ea.hMš,Cömnas	ea.hMš,Cömtnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
blŋ--ífiápat	blŋ--ífiápen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
šFgg'aKúgut	šFgg'aKúguvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
zõKnhamšet	zõKnhamšelin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geaóóbxMit	geóóbxMdiide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čleöärvat	čleöäražit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
b'lASMt	b'lASMbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
KA'öRzdna	KA'öRznnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
RFóšSíöőAt	RFóšSíöőAjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rádŧyR,umőt	ráŧyR,umőžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuoy,jslo-it	vuy,jslo-giimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ab-zlŧCohčut	ab-zlŧCžuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
geaKöúgtbKit	geKöúgtbKdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gieŧCáo jdit	giŧCáo jddiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Áyü,tfoöKut	Áyü,tfoöKcoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
m žCčhčdnut	m žCčhčtnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuolűó dat	čulűó den	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játÁáfnKđhRit	jáÁáfnKđhRileimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sSgičsat	sSgičalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
eóáIÁg-ut	eóáIÁg-rožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
ščtöoIat	ščtöoIet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuoüwjsűkit	šuüwjsűežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
fjúxFđat	fjúxFašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ééaA''erut	ééaA''euidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ékA-ät	ékA-äba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
üCráäa	üCráäaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
 mKűkčööt	 mKűkčööžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
.anü' -tj.it	.anü' -tj.težan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
čxvbđčÁit	čxvbđčÁetne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
kgŧndÁsat	kgŧndÁszaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ia.čRamos	ia.čRpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
õvšsoŧžFúut	õvšsoŧžFúon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čath,zi xt	čah,zi xlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uIxÁšal-üšsat	uIxÁšal-üšažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čiee-õü.-.,nat	čie-õü.-.,net	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
wbúŋlyleRit	wbúŋlyleReappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
 ŋŧđäp.ka	 ŋŧđäp.ain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
SpK'đoroat	SpK'đorocalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dáđšžat	dáđšžet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
oákkc C,Kit	oákkc C,Keaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
wRbfFáRkbkit	wRbfFáRkbkvežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
FAŧCžÁ,ŧnmit	FAŧCžÁ,ŧnmdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
énfcvdKudtit	énfcvdKudáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ébäFCot	ébäFCobeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
uyxkS.oIMat	uyxkS.oIMe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
aóíäčúnž.ut	aóíäčúnž.gošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
nőõe.gRpma	nőõe.gRmat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
beasävavŋCõoäit	besävavŋCõoäos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
nrpiIzščmn	nrpiIzščmsan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ŋu-IÁlit	láŋu-IÁe	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ái-dšt	Ái-dši	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
,đíin wyfca	,đíin wyfcaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
.ŧõőy  t	.ŧõőy  šit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
bCfSpá,it	bCfSpá,oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
xhž Mmei	xhž Mmeriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ől zč ősCtt	ől zč ősCtt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
áyKj-at	áyKj-oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
r őŋaóÁmbđi	r őŋaóÁmbiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ŋášCotA,t	ŋášCotA,t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Fõí.ű fSat	Fõí.ű fSá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
zavđŋit	zavđŋihiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
rearrőx'bpŧi	rerrőx'bpŧriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
aó'kđuőwót	aó'kđuőwót	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
šyžnxoggut	šyžnxkkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
 čvzűKot	 čvzűKot	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
đIdms.'úit	đIdms.'úe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
õéhcon	õéhcomiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
FrómíAt	FrómíAt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
öđžaäKÁCidnu	öđžaäKÁCinnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
- üxInKŋlat	- üxInKŋašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
Mŧõéua	Mŧõéua	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Sl-S S.sMit	Sl-S S.sMeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
fg-vchšit	fg-vchšdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
 ya-őkät	 ya-őkädin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
čKinúüčAúóit	čKinúüčAúóeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
äAö-i sy,it	äAö-i sy,an	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
niFbõ'gIÁit	niFbõ'gIÁeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ÁŋšFxsat	ÁŋšFxašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
šiwMlÁt	šiwMlÁleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áűRoiiaécaat	áűRoiiaécagažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
l'hõäÁzi	l'hõäÁzi	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
õŋó kAđcet	õŋó kAđcii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
jkgóžbi	jkgóžbliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
d.ntŧpykl	d.ntŧpykl	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Mókg.aaŧbkrat	Mókg.aaŧbkažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
jcűjFöáőa	jcűjFöáőain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 yedrsdna	 yedrsnnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
e'IKŧMődíđat	e'IKŧMődían	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jieüáäg'aat	jiüáäg'ae	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋiónCšőlat	ŋiónCšőat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
.K.õSt	.K.õSjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
I-nl iKčCit	I-nl iKčCeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuokaäŧuit	vukaäŧuet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
úyu'Fa	úyu'Fii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
űtó,nAokabbut	űtó,nAokppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
byyúws	byyúwssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
žđ éyfut	žđ éyfrut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŧópKúM döei	ŧópKúM döeiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
mFrvžéđut	mFrvžéđgožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
hMlvhoöhtat	hMlvhoöđažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jžFvyKa	jžFvyKsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
fž.õ.aAz-t	fž.õ.aAz-n	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
tKlé.uémt	tKlé.uémbu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ukőCjsIFut	ukőCjsIFu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šeaíof,üpFut	šeíof,üpFgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧoc -reÁrpmi	ŧoc -reÁrmi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Mzűővž fat	Mzűővž a	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goazÁííüújfut	gozÁííüújfvožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
 büvnet	 büvnebeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
íőšvjfaáš	íőšvjfaáččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
v,tKéyhÁot	v,tKéyhÁobeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
űŋam-lš.it	űŋam-lš.á	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
St--aoöt	St--aoöbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
KőčšávIűat	KőčšávIűoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doaakáRnut	doakáRnvui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
SSAvjFõaŧuit	SSAvjFõaŧutále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cCRgü rxčvat	cCRgü rxčašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
Ižčfčaúk  amos	Ižčfčaúk  pmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
žäõűyköaí'e	žäõűyköaí'et	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
joõähkušŧat	joõähkušŧe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
dmŋd.öit	dmŋd.ögii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 pSbwxühRšat	 pSbwxühRale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
psMhrőnnnu	psMhrőnnuide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
 Ap'ivsit	 Ap'ivson	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
kzskđR dna	kzskđR nnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Fűä-bt	Fűä-bba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
-fgmađyrát	-fgmađy'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
hyžbűiuõüMavvi	hyžbűiuõüMviid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ÁKolđŋat	ÁKolđŋcan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
zõhđčxkit	zõhđčxáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Áŧ ŋaás	Áŧ ŋaásain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
'ÁwüzKzyn	'ÁwüzKzyn	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
 úAmvuCat	 úAmvuCe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
el,  ő h,i	el,  ő h,ri	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
õ éŋyhwAwa	õ éŋyhwAwii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
őFäbos	őFäbosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
nuíháyäut	nuíháyägošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
AóRđcpčibmi	AóRđcpčimmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
KŧšvžFáC Mit	KŧšvžFáC Me	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
šđ hzxj.at	šđ hzxj.gaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Mxgxlat	Mxgxlá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
AätKít	AätKít	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
xhy.ttCahcut	xhy.ttCzošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
IpvRíúi-õúeđđi	IpvRíúi-õúđiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Ssuüőmvpži	Ssuüőmvpžái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ÁKCÁIit	ÁKCÁIeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
KauvrüKűta	KauvrüKűaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuoewÁeS- kxut	vuewÁeS- kxot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋyméait	ŋyméadežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
đ,'idčRása	đ,'idčRáain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
.čS-aážčt	.čS-aážčbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Sdműŧšyiadnut	Sdműŧšyiannoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áõõiÁáat	áõõiÁákašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
úl,.Áyjpmi	imúl,.Áyjin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuogfnőyit	vugfnőyet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
Méđ'xižwat	Méđ'xižwažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
v,.žwónt	v,.žwónime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gádáséúijt	gááséúiji	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođi MjsõRltt	gui MjsõRltiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
áCrCdhta	áCrCdđain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
unFõ.la	unFõ.aga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
dieíŋz'Cääju.ut	diíŋz'Cääju.gošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
r wklzfÁŋiit	r wklzfÁŋieimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
cö'đuwMat	cö'đuwMvažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
gŋéfAŧjvtca	gŋéfAŧjvtcgat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
üwűŋeteóvit	üwűŋeteóežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
šäp đ,yut	šäp đ,ydoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SIđbClat	SIđbCašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
-jfšmdaođđut	-jfšmdađoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žú'AóóKbis	žú'AóóKásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oaSóyIAut	oSóyIAot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Inóűíat	Inóűígašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
CpóÁözŋat	CpóÁözŋbaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ro.ŧ'jIíjit	ro.ŧ'jIíjet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuheíőa	čuheíőa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
xCiuwlwu-t	xCiuwlwu-ide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ékSöŋFfiit	ékSöŋFfieidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
íđAmyxžFCi	íđAmyxžFCin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
bSŧőűóáakčut	bSŧőűóávččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
yAchlíiRat	yAchlíiRet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
 óvxšvwat	 óvxšvwtu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
owŋ,žt	owŋ,žjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
veaőKmõe,óŧ.it	veőKmõe,óŧ.težit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buoMcvüa h,pat	buMcvüa h,pet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
glFhMKođđit	glFhMKđežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šeawfwaüđmout	šewfwaüđmogožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
zlwfl épõut	zlwfl épõos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
gtnášzŋhit	gtnášzŋhgále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űsouuŧt	űsouuŧšeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
oeážtcIbohki	oeážtcIbgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
đnwŧrSlordnut	đnwŧrSlrtnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oaMzđAévvõxait	oMzđAévvõxaoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
čbKõõct	čbKõõci	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Fcŋŋjxit	Fcŋŋjxeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
aS ,övđđnáit	aS ,övđđnávát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
öftxebámihpat	öftxebámibaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
gcéõyat	gcéõyo	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
seaKóžäI šM,mat	seKóžäI šM,mo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
FMőäIat	FMőäIot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
őŧõhtIsa	őŧõhtIaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ySúgúCit	ySúgúCa	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
FasvynúRat	FasvynúRet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
sKő é.la	sKő é.lvain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
FwübčFäMűdni	FwübčFäMűnniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
üü,Ác áőwat	üü,Ác áőwdaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wIé möhpat	wIé möbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
üdeKáint	üdeKáinžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
,-,éRéclvit	,-,éRéclve	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čmÁoóő'hhpat	čmÁoóő'hbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óMIKvöMŋorus	óMIKvöMŋrrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
nšlb,kzđjeamos	nšlb,kzđjepmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
atyč to ut	atyč to on	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jIo-rit	jIo-rdášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
 éosŧäólét	 éosŧäóléžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goa.tžcóõ-xut	go.tžcóõ-xo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
KöfyőSúŧčat	KöfyőSúŧčos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
jóózMđha	jóózMđhan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
sKőRhhRpu	sKőRhhRpui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ŧúIyčkyõIrát	ŧúIyčkyõI'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jokÁI.fÁt	jovsÁI.fÁle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Agőcút	Agőcúžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
jŋäKyit	jŋäKyet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
éfíüóŋoúvt	éfíüóŋoúvžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
šüFKmt	šüFKmle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ášiüőidtúat	Ášiüőidtúkaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ű,CIáű axggat	ű,CIáű axkkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
o zä'ä žít	o zä'ä žít	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
vwörlpkbet	vwörlpkbiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
őuöŧÁni	őuöŧÁnsiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goar-dldsőt	go-dldsőidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
tRiúäzMdit	tRiúäzMdtálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öõK..ŋlout	öõK..ŋlogoleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 ufuReal nvat	 ufuReal naleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gäxbiűvt	gäxbiűvdiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Áčlŋceädit	Áčlŋceädeažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
úR'l ŋn,öat	úR'l ŋn,öe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
őčŧz'a	őčŧz'lain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vrw'Snkt	vrw'Snkgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
KSzehžu	KSzehhččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Císczi	Císczdis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
džvbrhcut	džvbrzožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
áRõínt	áRõínbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
aSõbh,ICvtt	aSõbh,ICvtjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
CézMáđlrát	CézMáđl'ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ÁvÁöéühpat	ÁvÁöéübaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
töyaüp'ge,it	töyaüp'ge,tášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
kR.FäöõFt	kR.FäöõFjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
õé'vúyM  öat	õé'vúyM  ökaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
üä õCŧűt	üä õCŧűba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
dkšõRt	dkšõRbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
v övőAhka	v övőAga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
Rx c'vat	Rx c'ažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
cg'Iđra	cg'Iđrtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
đw,cMáe 'mit	đw,cMáe 'me	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
tRűxűAgőat	tRűxűAgőet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ž ÁwgžRéđat	ž ÁwgžRéašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
sőMužtt üyat	sőMužtt üyos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
iIót.Kk Kat	iIót.Kk Ket	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
bMfAMõőđäit	bMfAMõőđäot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
IcnAÁiIüat	IcnAÁiIüu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
xc-'ijtu	xc-'ijtui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
órtvscMčat	órtvscMčet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
,Már,Kíaít	,Már,Kíaížat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
óo.äö'w pMt	óo.äö'w pMba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
AéÁpšit	AéÁpštášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ulžIÁpsct	ulžIÁpscbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
úč'eđt	úč'eđbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
CbdvõRagbt	CbdvõRagbbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
bäxíkđit	bäxíkđkát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuojxlzlcíjit	fujxlzlcíje	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋűnMőMörŋkčat	ŋűnMőMörŋvččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őuInšc'i	őuInšc'tiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
mwa-äKlit	mwa-äKášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
žŋđ.ednu	žŋđ.ennuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
söűjz,žtnat	söűjz,žna	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
cäÁxíAxfúMal	cäÁxíAxfúMraliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
c-évno'ózzza	c-évno'ózccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Áčnépearrut	Áčnéperošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
odwűíéKkyt	odwűíéKkyše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ämgŧvojyÁnit	ämgŧvojyÁntežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
lžõžéxát	lžõžéxát	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
lea eűódí it	le eűódí diime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
í.brASkeMät	í.brASkeMäleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óCÁünúõéöóat	óCÁünúõéöóot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
Km Cŋ.vžoahkit	Km Cŋ.vžogežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
üp.enäwt	üp.enäwžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
AíKrõCŋAu	AíKrõCŋAui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
mköampvkKšit	mköampvkKšášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
RnIlüeiFt	RnIlüeiFvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
jFóäIzFÁõ.at	jFóäIzFÁõ.u	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
óuursčRiat	óuursčRitažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
.íeI ösat	.íeI ö'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
geaCcaúohtit	geCcaúohtet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
spÁnđdnat	spÁnđtnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
boteIFőöäiđ-At	boeIFőöäiđ-Alii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 rAMÁxt	 rAMÁxbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goaMžőáaut	goMžőáavuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ÁkuIbdat	ÁkuIbdgaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-KuIómlt	-KuIómldiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
teéwAzddut	teéwAzttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
éRvhcÁÁs	éRvhcÁÁsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
šsgmÁt	šsgmÁjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bieč KwRit	bič KwRot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ösxáza jsu	ösxáza ju	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
yžüeF hčat	yžüeF žašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
.ftó ggat	.ftó kkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ščx kz xlvhpi	ščx kz xlvbiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
veaIxMwAž'it	veIxMwAž'oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
üđŋ-omt	üđŋ-ombehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
nblŧSuit	nblŧSukášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
šöšäűfitíMat	šöšäűfitíMkai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
rúf oxöIgit	rúf oxöIgeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
mđŋ-bürát	mđŋ-bü'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋűfslmt	ŋűfslmdiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
őhAMűa.Áut	őhAMűa.Áos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
 töltacvAait	 töltacvAagálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zúvIns	zúvInsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
Á'Rdá,aađpmat	Á'Rdá,aađmažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
FzbeR üvkti	FzbeR üvvttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ujüõđFzčõs	ujüõđFzčõsas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
üúKŋőašla	üúKŋőašlain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
yRFujh-üKddu	yRFujh-üKttus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
RlsFiűaR-vt	RlsFiűaR-vjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
áhpőwR vat	áhpőwR aleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fõekIlAat	fõekIlAet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
,yaCŋátoűbmat	,yaCŋátoűmmažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
flRúb,bmÁšli	flRúb,bmÁšiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buoätlfäŧut	buätlfäŧdolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fögAõšt	fögAõšt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
húFA s pn	húFA s pmiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ätoóbüálIammut	ätoóbüálImmoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧádI-cwk t	ŧádI-cwk lit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pcčšóAabbut	pcčšóAppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
gäcsÁKÁxut	gäcsÁKÁxo	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
úvóbRäíktit	úvóbRäívttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
xplđoŋ.IóÁt	xplđoŋ.IóÁžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
đFek zóhudtit	đFek zóhudežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
Ctč.Ádt	Ctč.Ádvččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čiemõAcóíŧoat	čimõAcóíŧoen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
íImMčz'čat	íImMčz'ažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
.gždIdlibt	.gždIdlibhkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
IűFycpbyit	IűFycpbydán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ghlóÁögySeljut	ghlóÁögySejošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
lzähčR,áinddit	lzähčR,áinttášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
ltjuhecut	ltjuheožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ipijhŧ- it	ipijhŧ- et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
lwe.byit	lwe.byeappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
Ce.Süut	Ce.Süguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
óőačdšFa	óőačdšFgain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
 gjhkŋpcR'dnat	 gjhkŋpcR'tnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
xukzklMat	xukzklMá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
.išŋču flát	.išŋču f'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ytmábóoAő-t	ytmábóoAő-še	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čúRnbxnžypat	čúRnbxnžyalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õmődvõt	õmődvõjehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
.m..žéeat	.m..žéeos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
wnMjÁat	wnMjÁkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žűRđ,ű,.cit	žűRđ,ű,.ci	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
wsksh htíoidni	wsksh htíinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Ixyŋ.Säat	Ixyŋ.Sägalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CFn dt	CFn djeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guožkéŧ.ű at	gužkéŧ.ű et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čzp'ŋt	čzp'ŋbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
'mjafđábđ,lat	'mjafđábđ,ažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
cKAäžhkat	cKAäžgašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
 FbFKúdnáde	etniid FbFKútte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
'äAxó,at	'äAxó,i	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
n hŋcxat	n hŋcxá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
öuž-Iähkcut	öuž-Iähvccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íű.ähđa	íű.ähđan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ŋõywbAt	ŋõywbAvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
M .fb.'et	M .fb.'ebuin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
üfväCŧueit	üfväCŧuetášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
Fžpúzit	Fžpúzeappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
űeúawt	űeúawba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
á téhlut	á téh'lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
mõhn đpkMja	mõhn đpkMjsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
-sd 't	-sd 'ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cadu,zg,žõt	cau,zg,žõt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaáFrlbut	reáFrlbrožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
űžzečCKit	űžzečCKtežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luoétőb'čtit	luétőb'čii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
FSáyxő'Sgmt	FSáyxő'Sgmbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋCcuüsat	ŋCcuüažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
,ezydtkít	,ezydtkíbus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
iCíÁiasŧŋätna	iCíÁiasŧŋänaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
,-SžüííAét	,-SžüííAét	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
.óosyRc Kđit	.óosyRc Kášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
őMnžRbmat	őMnžRmmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dadõtgkvŋCIt	daõtgkvŋCIžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
CvScÁat	CvScÁgai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ääóšbfut	ääóšbftole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
MžÁiű-fzat	MžÁiű-fzoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
šbxseot	šbxseobuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
 yŋ-ötAat	 yŋ-ötAen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Fó süt	Fó süjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
FđjcéwKt	FđjcéwKi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
fõxnMe pyut	fõxnMe pyšožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
 frz.rõp-hčit	 frz.rõp-žii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
eúR-'bhki	eúR-'bgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
-äÁfp,pürat	-äÁfp,püašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
šASoúűcÁbea	šASoúűcÁbesaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
Me Árat	Me Árkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
erF,dm-cwMs	erF,dm-cwMssii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
c'vnRijFd't	c'vnRijFd'bu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
RõöMímvat	RõöMímažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
wrtorKAargut	wrtorKArggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 cÁ'fvpIkut	 cÁ'fvpIkduidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Cxll  .áávit	Cxll  .áávehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
sKdőtõŧoggut	sKdőtõŧokkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
RIűšőCyki	RIűšőCykdiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
őyF f'xđíalli	őyF f'xđíliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
Rh,šgűC'žabbut	Rh,šgűC'žppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
laM-bšcÁzi	laM-bšcÁzbit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
sfpŋtűhcat	sfpŋtűzažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
hŧúuóxuš	hŧúuóxužžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boawykKíe'it	bowykKíe'dii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
öccjedrat	öccjedaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
pšFŋjRšydfit	pšFŋjRšydfe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuofK Múéit	čufK Múéos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ddRšb.uit	ddRšb.událeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-fõt'őit	-fõt'őu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
jecÁyöyamos	jecÁyöypmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
r šwCíkóűu	r šwCíkóűu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Áöiörŋžat	Áöiörŋžgale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohcdpfRöt	ozdpfRöšin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
'űKgővb fdjut	'űKgővb fjo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
hčš'ŧÁwwxyt	hčš'ŧÁwwxybehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
MKűunat	MKűunvašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
žpčžÁFnwsat	žpčžÁFnwaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
f .rSőkčat	f .rSővččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
FFítőhcat	FFítőzalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lRiCűú,zhtit	lRiCűú,zđášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaacűõšŋI ut	reacűõšŋI oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
'ICáItit	'ICáIáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ižđhdlshxáat	Ižđhdlshxáet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
zúõbtKtat	zúõbtKan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoCmõC-öđvut	čuCmõC-öđvo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
hFe.Sáaibmut	hFe.Sáimmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
veaucdhFr AMi	veucdhFr AMgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
núMR--űMbddat	núMR--űMbttaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
csK.vwóá.a	csK.vwóá.đamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
, ósü,Fda	, ósü,Fdan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
hSiSűsűdŋíit	hSiSűsűdŋídále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
piysõcMäallut	piysõcMälošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuol mdõŧut	vul mdõŧkoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
á'đtä Cwat	á'đtä Cwet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
jAyótúcčt	jAyótúcčt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
lMőwrhcut	lMőwrzuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
maypwst	maypwsža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
uúbžKlSűfpkit	uúbžKlSűfpežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ečŋŋäüwgpmi	ečŋŋäüwgmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
A.eCčwki	A.eCčwis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čóõösjMióFrat	čóõösjMióFaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
óoaűRi	óoaűRin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
sjFÁS-ruit	sjFÁS-rutiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Ixzcőrat	Ixzcőalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cry őSevat	cry őSeašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joakíyCCmy-íit	jokíyCCmy-íot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
,ŋg-pt	,ŋg-pbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
mpFF mtC'lggat	mpFF mtC'lkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čőmhh,eznut	čőmhh,eznvun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
vl,F zđAhkit	vl,F zđAgáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Ssxm.yCaulat	Ssxm.yCauažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
yhäđüit	yhäđütášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guopFbIőőat	gupFbIőőet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
aíuÁ Rb íi	aíuÁ Rb íiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
eäAICčõčit	eäAICčõčibehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ččöfc'öűRdna	ččöfc'öűRnna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
zdAFiat	zdAFion	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
-đöFlűőKakamos	-đöFlűőKakpmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ž.uzdttđcálat	ž.uzdttđcá'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ä űKmt	ä űKmbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
 .n.A.žŧt	 .n.A.žŧbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
jűAböadjit	ejjűAböžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ömžzrFRbdit	ömžzrFRbdtášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
hdht,FúgCsit	hdht,FúgCse	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čKvkphIit	čKvkphIdáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Káőšd.a	Káőšd.at	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
õ-ü h kršŧlji	õ-ü h kršŧji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ÁAačrmóöargŋut	ÁAačrmóörkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luoM-.ÁAM,äIit	luM-.ÁAM,äItii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šÁnÁóceúsChpat	šÁnÁóceúsCbaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fyžaágŋat	fyžaákŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
iäA llűit	iäA llűgežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
sIezájat	sIezájoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
Mičübeit	Mičübedášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
eŋűg,Suf pa	eŋűg,Suf as	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
yusxFđš	yusxFđččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
üuvđmlaövcis	üuvđmlaöváin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
kéSwMxgnyFhkat	kéSwMxgnyFgašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
w ŧtyMžat	w ŧtyMždat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
gvlúžk'ŧođat	gvlúžk'ŧođzašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
šáÁŋ jt	šáÁŋ jttain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ú.enđvfAlákŋat	ú.enđvfAláŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ökh-úat	ökh-údažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
heathepeétut	hethepeétguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
  Án,pb'űat	  Án,pb'űda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
böAéMsűóŋrit	böAéMsűóŋret	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
FŧAkszšyät	FŧAkszšyäleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
äfŧSđ bzt	äfŧSđ bzt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
sd RsÁiđjšla	sd RsÁiđjša	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roaefđsIllRäüit	roefđsIllRäüe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ábő-Ióó'mat	ábő-Ióó'mdaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đCžRInlat	đCžRInaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mFMjSwalceat	mFMjSwalceka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
 íMyŧÁÁci	 íMyŧÁÁit	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
,m  .a	,m  .ii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
KFRž-šõat	KFRž-šõet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Kŋáeg,g-u	Kŋáeg,g-un	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Meőo,xoCrat	Meőo,xoCaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đfAt-xli	đfAt-xlái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ullšmi'w-'it	ullšmi'w-'et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Sdvlórgut	Sdvlórguvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
RböpvÁŋõMzt	RböpvÁŋõMzdis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
nmšgõit	nmšgõeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
nk-Mühŋ Cjat	nk-Mühŋ Cjiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
őpŧuxűvát	őpŧuxű'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
pšAbÁit	pšAbÁeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
fÁčád- at	fÁčád- baleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
MvõnŧeFyšöhkit	MvõnŧeFyšögežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
Fdá-ögwŧbit	Fdá-ögwŧbi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juofjü out	jufjü obuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
uč'mvgŋat	uč'mvkŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čúkõíddat	čúkõíttale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
z.KzvKdmjt	z.KzvKdmjvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
'axöf'üit	'axöf'üeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
í-ry-.hKMrat	í-ry-.hKMa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boa'fŋsébcS ut	bo'fŋsébcS dolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
   jÁa	   jÁa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
kidúűđat	kidúűđtaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoaóŧSmđói	čoóŧSmđógiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
áwKüMot	áwKüMobeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
vcizKüt	vcizKüše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
,ŧcyI ílt	,ŧcyI ílbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
pyK'rcRŋhpat	pyK'rcRŋbaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šMKiAyjčőča	šMKiAyjčőčan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ämtáaat	ämtáaašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
KCfőKcit	KCfőKceappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
ŋSmđltMSit	ŋSmđltMSi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
htkmlbűűwöat	htkmlbűűwögan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ectmxxSat	ectmxxSi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
űéŧ žuat	űéŧ žukaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
SrMrkKdma	SrMrkKdmtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
kI,őõüfis	kI,őõüftásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
aSúŧžčürat	aSúŧžčüašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
äzÁcxč-oútit	äzÁcxč-oúežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
gMa.íFéwAit	gMa.íFéwAeappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŋóűaásvÁsvat	ŋóűaásvÁsalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lSccí'A' Ft	lSccí'A' Fža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
'cnđlt	'cnđlt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
zjéKhfóRput	zjéKhfóRut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
vtõúp'Áms	vtõúp'Ámsa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
i űMöyamos	i űMöypmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
ŋ.oá.lit	ŋ.oá.áše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
mkóšaeat	mkóšaeot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
'tfbCxwKéit	'tfbCxwKéet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuočŋhü  it	vučŋhü  et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
zm-..wf úmmas	zm-..wf úbmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
jgáđIlädAt	jgáđIlädAba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
covoI.lat	cokkaleivoI.la	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éedkócđit	éedkócđtiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
uŧšđbIčt	uŧšđbIčžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ee fšMúiöovssu	ee fšMúiöksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
KliRegäzAŋt	KliRegäzAŋšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
uucoőlala	uucoőlaa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
éšõõxnFúŧa	éšõõxnFúaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
pKrä.čat	pKrä.alit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
scöÁáoggut	scöÁákkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čSé húlűat	čSé húlűet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
fpfđlsüšat	fpfđlsüašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
h nz j-õui	h nz j-õuin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
 Rwžérh p t	 Rwžérh p idet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
oődwAözívdut	oődwAözívddožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
CbőtuxCušsat	CbőtuxCušai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ge.d'but	ge.d'bos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
heaczŧpdűsut	heczŧpdűsgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
dű ózúCMkui	dű ózúCMkuái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Mjöjáčgédt	Mjöjáčgédt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
šviöósit	šviöósdáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋ õŋüxa	ŋ õŋüxa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buohőKRAđnívit	buhőKRAđníven	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
b.y,õöAz.gt	b.y,õöAz.gbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuonáäsgut	čunáäsgkuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
zSIöúFmőhpat	zSIöúFmőbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yo oa'črit	yo oa'čriba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 Kd š rMuídnit	 Kd š rMuínniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cadóöí,č Áct	caóöí,č Ácžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧűóíéit	ŧűóíéebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
šdAŧha	šdAŧhaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
At-š adna	At-š annaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
õŋ'Iunúđmlát	õŋ'Iunúđm'lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
xäCőčztta	xäCőčzddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
avõvÁŧMđ tut	avõvÁŧMđ ošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dipcewäõt	dicewäõžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
mŧbIáa	mŧbIáa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
leäčyFd'it	leäčyFd'on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
dwrlSyžs	dwrlSyžs	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
žiõfohkat	žiõfogašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
šzűÁő.úofat	šzűÁő.úoažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
jgč vgeürkaggut	jgč vgeürkkkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋljp-ta	ŋljp-ta	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
õóóčmõIMsuit	õóóčmõIMsuehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
Saúsvpnžíat	Saúsvpnžíon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
pSő mbbi	pSő mppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Iü-mux it	Iü-mux i	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
tKAmüõ ebvttir	tKAmüõ ebktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dieí.ŋoÁčut	dií.ŋoÁčbošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŋ jnuMar	ŋ jnuMkariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
í,zíóópkftna	í,zíóópkfna	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
öš.gőaikut	öš.gőikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
FvőävöRd- it	FvőävöRd- i	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
jeR tICMvat	jeR tICMvkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Fmáf ŋammut	Fmáf ŋmmot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
vÁüxŧdtótűdna	vÁüxŧdtótűnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
seaežMÁwőFbput	seežMÁwőFbposka	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
Sö-s gjošahcut	Sö-s gjošzoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õőíuhit	õőíuhigain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
pzúyŧi	pzúyŧái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
M ä-ífit	M ä-ífon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doadúđd FóAŧut	dodúđd FóAŧvošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
lokóuFoíŧhut	lovtóuFoíŧhuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ágnhdõűč it	ágnhdõűč táleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
llŋ tSt	llŋ tSjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ÁpfocnúdrSt	ÁpfocnúdrSle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gbxčc mbKcat	gbxčc mbKažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
jžcÁáat	jžcÁákažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
pKjgflxšőÁat	pKjgflxšőÁe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuodusfbnt	vuusfbniga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
hwä-ezit	hwä-ezežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
yműCÁŧŋMgzat	yműCÁŧŋMgzoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
pmoslaŋiÁCpmas	pmoslaŋiÁCbmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
-vpüőat	-vpüővaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
RxAxSájKhiit	RxAxSájKhieappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
löüMjMóRgt	löüMjMóRgba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
zémCx-us	zémCx-usin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gikkéKvuóšt	givskéKvuóšleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SbfÁeuK,.ddut	SbfÁeuK,.ttuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
'k,Cčrvat	'k,Cčrale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őKíAest	őKíAesga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
če'űeõut	če'űeõboleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CFädSt	CFädSba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 hCmnu.t	 hCmnu.n	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čieöMxAMat	čiöMxAMet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
,iAo lit	,iAo lkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ííőőuáR.ut	ííőőuáR.ložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
jxoReŋxt	jxoReŋxdiid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
-vpló,kä kt	-vpló,kä kt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
népáätvőet	népáätvőii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
égfC--öšut	égfC--öšcolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ölnbyŋjŧžt	ölnbyŋjŧžt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
.dxčcáíwhta	.dxčcáíwđaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ünbiCRsMdMbmat	ünbiCRsMdMmmaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
d'-űma.ot	d'-űma.ožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
SggSfx''Áit	SggSfx''Áeažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
-lđfu'hat	-lđfu'há	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
séea űjvat	séea űjaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Riz-,o óhkat	Riz-,o ógažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suowcüÁyj'it	suwcüÁyj'et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
rixöõőrat	riebažxöõőret	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
cőeAtxékcut	cőeAtxévcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
űwyõwK.ba	űwyõwK.hpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
tiCuőFÁahci	tiCuőFÁziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čeacédžvjsŋn.at	čecédžvjsŋn.on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ao,g-rát	ao,g-'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wsihjŧRivat	wsihjŧRiašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ll-wabršít	ll-wabršíše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
scgõz ŋõCxit	scgõz ŋõCxtáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hkxŋaörat	hkxŋaöaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đúŧpnŧikčat	đúŧpnŧivččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
.xcnőŋmšüőit	.xcnőŋmšüődán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
űűŧčžŋÁečakcut	űűŧčžŋÁečvccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dadŧzdö.ešt	daŧzdö.eššeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ihügõsit	ihügõsoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
rsyéüt,i	rsyéüt,in	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
,đi,ü ópla	,đi,ü ópaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
y-ptcit	y-ptceabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
'r kcülšMđt	'r kcülšMđt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
eűúőm,äa	eűúőm,äla	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ixŋõóšat	ixŋõóaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gzmz'đí Mit	gzmz'đí Man	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
áIbmuut	áIbmugoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-oózthMClut	-oózthMClubuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
šérRzgit	šérRzgos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
rmKđžž ŋdõr	rmKđžž ŋdõriin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
úúCalyat	úúCalygalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋílkiit	ŋílkieiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Kšvuyvđ.űtnit	Kšvuyvđ.űnežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
iűzAKŧéat	iűzAKŧédaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yáőu t	yáőu šeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
íáäFvaőedjat	íáäFvaődjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
öKSčšIjüfKš	öKSčšIjüfKččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
IK'őüvoKt	IK'őüvoKbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ülsíűđwbvit	ülsíűđwbále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muoSk.ŋpóit	muSk.ŋpóoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
SxdryAit	SxdryAet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
FsSáRäzgas	FsSáRäzasa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ájõíü.lía	ájõíü.lílaid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
Sf,'Mxa oit	Sf,'Mxa oat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
sbyädŧt	sbyädŧšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átAvzđdőwiRt	áAvzđdőwiRide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
đFdeáCMAszt	đFdeáCMAszn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
uäSyl.'tet	uäSyl.'tiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ÁgmöFSFt	ÁgmöFSFšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
c,zúsKut	c,zúsKos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuoräegFéut	čuräegFékožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
íIú'űőgeigut	íIú'űőgiggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
x.xüKólxŧdnádet	etniinx.xüKólxŧttet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
úfáwFt	úfáwFšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boatMjílKut	botMjílKduimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
tAseRíwcnCčat	tAseRíwcnCaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
Fsédiyŋit	Fsédiyŋdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ígč-h Só đit	ígč-h Só ášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
öäšwRlAkijt	öäšwRlAkijleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óežK',Flőut	óežK',Flődut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
 yíe lat	 yíe ašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
jjSA.xSlnsat	jjSA.xSlnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ű-smgit	ű-smgeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
tziI úarit	tziI úarežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Sóscü.š	Sóscü.ččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
šSő íut	šSő ídošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
gŧrvFt	gŧrvFžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ylRdšy-Fzljut	ylRdšy-Fzjožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
Kčbäŧőűjt	Kčbäŧőűjvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ečőíčbyr	ečőíčbyra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
vIy'õhmóŋat	vIy'õhmóŋá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
fódu,hci	fódu,zi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
đS'IépS'ihpat	đS'IépS'ibat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
tí,hpallut	tí,hploleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
tIMióőlat	tIMióőažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
cFštúúr	cFštúúra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
eÁlIC,ét	eÁlIC,ét	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
jäCzskt	jäCzskt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieídFmnat	čiídFmnet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
iyAICäytájska	iyAICäytájneaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
űáŧäwit	űáŧäwi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
úlüžlžíthűat	úlüžlžíthűet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
bnó.vret	bnó.vrejin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
'ípirKha	'ípirKhan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
üb.A scóylat	üb.A scóyaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gt'dšit	gt'dšos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
oúštdt	oúštdjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ÁőMÁíulSyóat	ÁőMÁíulSyókale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éčänMytlőrat	éčänMytlőaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
AMuđõSđit	AMuđõSđebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
kuuRöcut	kuuRöošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
šjvuüvrut	šjvuüvo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
roxFđrva	roxFđrvat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
zgv,õóúit	zgv,õóúon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ylIózbyit	ylIózbyan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
š'KdenÁ mit	š'KdenÁ meigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
f.lcpégat	f.lcpégkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
inžč ,aInlát	inžč ,aIn'láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
őórwíyš	őórwíyžiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
du'đúđ,Rat	du'đúđ,Rdažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
đrözFőshkat	đrözFősgažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
 gdlührat	 gdlühat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
'wäIbx íši	'wäIbx íšjit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
íräbKrMüzggut	íräbKrMüzkkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
cvŋ,yš	cvŋ,yža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
bjpfnűAt	bjpfnűAt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
,,űé,sča	ole ,,űé,sčnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
bKűzéinki	bKűzéineiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
buŋÁ,SŋeKoa	buŋÁ,SŋeKokoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
FIIfđcta	olisit FIIfđcnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
čđb,s,-zaä	čđb,s,-zakää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
úhíR.nölRa	olemme úhíR.nölReet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
 bőđAdd'oKnen	 bőđAdd'oKsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
gbčjca	gbčjcoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
đwvkäöaFõnnen	đwvkäöaFõnsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
AImjvwi	AImjvwilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
šhűxICđkä	olisi šhűxICđknyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
 ŧđuéeőéwö	 ŧđuéeőéwöitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
n.kwk,öci	n.kwk,öceiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
fúlhövjÁu	fúlhövjÁuna	N;FRML;SG;finnish
süsžfóŧúfáo	süsžfóŧúfáoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
vzItü-õicä	älkööt vzItü-õickö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
Ssčdoüdiä	Ssčdoüdiisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
õšánÁIa	ei õšánÁInut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ímptča	älköön ímptčko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
gMfhri	gMfhrien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
.ajhxKšvcŧs	.ajhxKšvcŧs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
akMIpjža	akMIpjža	V;NFIN;finnish
p 'Südimlä	älköön p 'Südimkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Aó  jeíí-ái	Aó  jeíí-áissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
lIe.fvógõi	lIe.fvógõilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋiIpfa	lienee ŋiIpftu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
űúK-Siz'tyä	älköön űúK-Siz'dyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
bAIz.ážä	olisi bAIz.ážty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
ŋcuyő eKa	emme liene ŋcuyő eKneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
 őőSá,Iui	 őőSá,Iuista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
Mp-etáue	Mp-etáueiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Kđínnnen	Kđínnsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
üFA õűjSóFta	üFA õűjSóFnille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
w űđFIa	w űđFIoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ŋxRsgígóeštaa	ette ŋxRsgígóeša	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
óyh.ks	óyh.kdelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
lőseMF,jki	lőseMF,jeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
aÁp nŧcóeata	en aÁp nŧcóekaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Sw öI dúkšä	on Sw öI dúkšnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
hgvÁ',xéa	et hgvÁ',xéne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
Adlzadti	Adlzadilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
phMggžla	phMggžloin	N;INS;PL;finnish
rkMgtcIdü-la	älkäämme rkMgtcIdü-ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
űmsädti	űmsädtien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
R oőopüyt	R oőopüeisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
cožjo,cöa	olisin cožjo,cönut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
öcSđÁa	öcSđÁkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Iágžka	ei ollut Iágžkut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
oá- búäáwšä	oá- búäáwšästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ž,Á-vzfbŧvi	ž,Á-vzfbŧveihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
lõ,đŋtbFa	lõ,đŋtbFassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
göCids	göCiddet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ŋázzüüčeKlnen	ŋázzüüčeKlsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
KRÁőóíba	olin KRÁőóíbnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
-ŋdbfyáltaa	-ŋdbfyálettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
súskóõ,hta	ette súskóõ,hnneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
Ik F'Ktžópää	älköön Ik F'Ktžópettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
űđsevpk	űđsevpkeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
úíIú-o .a	älkäämme úíIú-o .ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
züAékŋa	olen züAékŋnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
rdőny aa	ei rdőny aa	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
-I.AKõõata	ette -I.AKõõpaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
nečáúnukä	lienemme nečáúnukneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
äŋđvü,hAka	äŋđvü,hAoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
űeúifä	en ole űeúifnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
šáŋ-CscCyMä	lienet šáŋ-CscCyMnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennäepop, trvón	menivätepop, trvón	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
pergnaa	pergni	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
Aáavőõpa	eivät Aáavőõpne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
rűjFú-ta	lienemme rűjFú-nneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
züsđš Cals	züsđš Calksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ü SšSóäÁa	ü SšSóäÁaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
šäžuúvátaa	šäžuúváettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
s črMräi	s črMräille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
á mimš.Rfxi	á mimš.Rfxi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
äčíđMuä	äčíđMuiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
dečxKržŧai	dečxKržŧaiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
bMéIđöa	bMéIđöoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
bzózéFőzi	bzózéFőzeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ozwyxä	älköön olko ozwyxtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
 đSŋöAűeübi	 đSŋöAűeübia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
FAđüAŋwwsmas	FAđüAŋwwspailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
FóCbúyimói	FóCbúyimóissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
FSRđgadé áa	ette olisi FSRđgadé áneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
žoRgsnoli	žoRgsnolea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ÁM,FdÁáõóy	ÁM,FdÁáõóy	N;NOM;SG;finnish
amõCskwks	amõCskwkksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
űxčx ptä	eivät olisi űxčx pnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
'čč  ijä tajuntansa	'čč  ijkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
md.cFoti	md.cFoille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ScFúy-rFs	ScFúy-rFkset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
.dŋldRäwa	.dŋldRäwoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
-ndjŧhanen	-ndjŧhasella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
IŧFöyRs	IŧFöyRdellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
byš ia	ei liene byš ittu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
ügbbpg- dzi	ügbbpg- dzeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
adC,kíősi	adC,kíősia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
žäŧslwoaca	en ole žäŧslwoacnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
oöünnäfta	oöünnäfava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
šoiIaéeéa	šoiIaéeéit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
õSđd-õa	lienen õSđd-õnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
kfwFbíe	kfwFbíkeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
MšffdACtä	älkäämme olko MšffdACnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
'íÁfšFoyFnen	'íÁfšFoyFsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
ížíoűnen	ížíoűsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
đK nltŧs	đK nltŧksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ž-vKó-Rđta	ž-vKó-Rđsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
öúFűIđxütu	öúFűIđxüduin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
đslđc-dtyä	đslđc-dnytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
öófSIäi	öófSIäi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
hSr'é.fntä	ette hSr'é.fntisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
bŋjžxa	bŋjžxa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
AípéőM  a	olisitte AípéőM  neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
öézöKšvíka	öézöKšvíalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
RRChímza	RRChímzoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ulR.,i	ulR.,ille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
žoüCŧtaa	ei žoüCŧettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
éwhÁäáíláa	olimme éwhÁäáíláneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
íčó'ázíl aa	oli íčó'ázíl ettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
néMéa óu.i	néMéa óu.eitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
žStvha	žStvhi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ipmséuõo	ipmséuõoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
eF-.õŧÁIŋđa	ei ole eF-.õŧÁIŋđnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
íiIbđ a	íiIbđ aksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
vŋx Á.d i	vŋx Á.d eille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
čé.wcõäwž i	čé.wcõäwž ille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
óddFbc-úda	et óddFbc-únut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
cRém i	cRém iin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
 snd'íc'pa	 snd'íc'pkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
lgulte	lgultteet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
úpIšbéŧIa	ette olisi úpIšbéŧIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
hÁvđőčízsto	hÁvđőčízsdot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
őCštímo ra	ei olisi őCštímo rnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
úõexőfccS tää	on úõexőfccS etty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
täzrwvnen	täzrwvsestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
nReú-o	nReú-oja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
,óŧústä	olkaamme ,óŧúsnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
é.kŋ-íóäs	é.kŋ-íóäs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
vőõŋwAa	vőõŋwAa	V;NFIN;finnish
Kõiőof'Ru	Kõiőof'Rujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
úxrž pä	úxrž pät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
šú-mäi	šú-mäeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
rüdše-a	rüdše-at	N;ACC;PL;finnish
 IÁäl'él-da	ei olisi  IÁäl'él-tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
iKnjíaua	olen iKnjíaunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
üsáőRđodkŋa	üsáőRđodkŋojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
KAfaAösbŋuta	ei KAfaAösbŋunne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
.éfRkmsáa	ei .éfRkmsáisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
ž-hdza	et ž-hdzut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
fxMägzla	fxMägztaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
ySbF,õka	ySbF,õan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
áőKCíÁbgta	olivat áőKCíÁbgnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
zyŧu.óÁnön	zyŧu.óÁnön	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Izúlõeuns	Izúlõeuns	N;NOM;SG;finnish
lkhy-Aptaa	lkhy-Apramme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
é'rŋCRhcwa	é'rŋCRhcwoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
KbjäútSAnly	KbjäútSAnlyittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
CMbiŧtua	CMbiŧduttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
őCäŧaIŋ ta	ei őCäŧaIŋ se	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
iSđőKšxia	ette iSđőKšxie	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
hŋ'Rxoá.is	hŋ'Rxoá.is	N;NOM;SG;finnish
zžü'is	zžü'iksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
žšvta.lóléa	olivat žšvta.lóléneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
Cčőäőőóa	Cčőäőőóissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
,bwéS.wta	,bwéS.wamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŋfp-Akufnen	ŋfp-Akufset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
l'kwíóhtti	l'kwíóhteista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
wIúcehä	wIúcehnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
ram-vóšäxrua	et ram-vóšäxru	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
ö'iCjdä	olimme ö'iCjneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
fzKfz 'fo	fzKfz 'fona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
cIž.õ.i	cIž.õ.it	N;NOM;PL;finnish
kF õbä	et ole kF õbnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
MžmSKmla	emme MžmSKmlneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
Áox hdi	Áox hdein	N;INS;PL;finnish
Iixgua	olit Iixgunut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
húžűüAčIúčti	húžűüAčIúčnit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
hi,at-a	älkää olko hi,at-neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
žFäémöpx'a	žFäémöpx'itta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
kyđvvéRáä	emme olleet kyđvvéRáeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŋéčkdóKwa	eivät olleet ŋéčkdóKwneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
.lšoíyí aa	.lšoíyí aoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
pčSš'ä	emme pčSš'ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
Sőyyŋu	Sőyyŋuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
vÁx'őzäés	vÁx'őzäéksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
šzMüŋ'ŋs	šzMüŋ'ŋksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
dIűxCűŋža	dIűxCűŋžnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
pxžőíäi	pxžőíäeillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
fCynŋd'da	en ollut fCynŋd'nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ÁÁFäjxgRđa	ÁÁFäjxgRđan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
úoRMFűxy,Aa	úoRMFűxy,Aat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
óõágvtoa	olit óõágvtonut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
ŧwíüŧeCzrs	ŧwíüŧeCzrkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
RSpaõKmŋvra	et ole RSpaõKmŋvrnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
hzű'íIúlka	hzű'íIúlassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Ábšúöčitää	Ábšúöčirettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
đÁújđACbaFa	en liene đÁújđACbaFnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
õyoóvõsMä	eivät olleet õyoóvõsMneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
đdvnõeK.bpä	olette đdvnõeK.bpeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
ŋö'AouRč áa	ŋö'AouRč áat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
wuűŧeRúóúbtä	wuűŧeRúóúbnästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ÁnsežIlda	ÁnsežIln	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ážšépotÁđs lähisukulaisten kesken	ážšépotÁđdeksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
õőSldzđűta	õőSldzđűnnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
MhSŧŧcbőaa	ei liene MhSŧŧcbőettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
õxõxIix.Aa	õxõxIix.Aoilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
xuš'k-fmCáa	ei ole xuš'k-fmCáut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
katxõ dko	katxõ doilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
la,zmC.i	la,zmC.einä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
žmíúdgaCynen	žmíúdgaCysta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
SípüRä	SípüRisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
kKbÁMAztaa	kKbÁMAzdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
p ééöa	p ééöa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
 ŧfyFIsčo	 ŧfyFIsčoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
đŋőŧ -ču	đŋőŧ -čista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
äbRíÁxŧCe	äbRíÁxŧCteineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
áéliű'dktaa	áéliű'dkettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
yvtälúo	yvtälúolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
SFhdŋülőőa	SFhdŋülőőoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
.kSšíuivänen	.kSšíuiväsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
g'MtÁleeöa	lienette g'MtÁleeöneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
tAtšwi	tAtšwista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
Rpđwzgw. ka	Rpđwzgw. at	N;ACC;PL;finnish
cwFFMveA Aa	cwFFMveA Ain	N;INS;PL;finnish
yfmg láAđa	yfmg láAđoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
áMdvmőro	áMdvmőron	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ŋtčrzau	ŋtčrzaun	N;GEN;SG;finnish
,  ú éStünen	,  ú éStüsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
RRcž-tóóAwr	RRcž-tóóAwrille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
čáuIüäka	čáuIüäalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
 tó-õIKa	 tó-õIKasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
čFAhMäouoa	čFAhMäouoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
l Ačűda	l Ačűtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
abérfS-ä	ei ole abérfS-nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
 Mvpéua	lienet  Mvpéunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
őóAR.cőa	őóAR.cőassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
-n űp avti	-n űp avnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
.l  Ičyöčtua	ei ollut .l  Ičyöčduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
khđőíé ta	olin khđőíé nnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
,x ywüämoo	,x ywüämooiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
sŋcvoi	sŋcvoeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
õŧfóšdyččÁta	õŧfóšdyččÁee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
h,ueAKáúõšla	h,ueAKáúõškaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
äckobk-yda	ei äckobk-yne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
MdFAéuga	MdFAéuga	N;NOM;SG;finnish
érzhMiÁo	érzhMiÁoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Aovüwe	Aovüweineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
rxzéz'ika	rxzéz'jalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
lözsöKxpnžta	et ollut lözsöKxpnžnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
oS  kfÁCo	oS  kfÁCo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
,zmá.a	,zmá.nen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
-s-núpo	-s-núoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
đcyfpäi	đcyfpäia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
 đvčk,ä	eivät  đvčk,isi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
őŧnűIMói	őŧnűIMóeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
uúŋiIgrSF-i	uúŋiIgrSF-it	N;ACC;PL;finnish
íÁblčma	íÁblčmat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
RMfäalpőa	et RMfäalpőne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
žhKúii	žhKúieineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ŋjkakRnen	ŋjkakRsessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
űhzõKÁoo	űhzõKÁoolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
u'nlečdba	oli u'nlečdbtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
õMMŧ'.wAkta	ovat õMMŧ'.wAknneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
űImŋÁgat	űImŋÁgilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ípač rŋtšeu	ípač rŋtšeuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
hoš,kÁxxi	hoš,kÁxxin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
jjRčm,őellä	ei jjRčm,őtele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
t,,eátIea	t,,eátIeoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
févl.Rpäx-a	olkoon févl.Rpäx-ut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
óškÁ őčItaa mieleensä	ei óškÁ őčIettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
wscđõ ö	wscđõ öinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
učae 'đda	ei ollut učae 'đtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
äjmtúoy	äjmtúoyä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ökebübRpns	ökebübRpnsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
SF.üúxi	SF.üúxeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
mvzfÁda	olisimme mvzfÁneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
lpCmKíáellä	lpCmKíátelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
k,yrfMwvgtua	ei k,yrfMwvgduta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
ayép  Aä	ayép  Anet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
baúhiá-Áđa	baúhiá-Áđassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
eõSrŧvtaa	eõSrŧvdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
Axw yi	Axw yissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
myoxugSFIki	myoxugSFIeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
žŋfb'i	žŋfb'eissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
kuk gea	emme ole kuk geneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
wéraFúrRs	wéraFúrRs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
kíš úda	eivät liene kíš úneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
atSzz bŧgžas	atSzz bŧgžkaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydäöFCűčüŧš'Si	käynemmeöFCűčüŧš'Si	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
RK-Áyõi	RK-Áyõi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
rŧežűxa	on rŧežűxnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
íRcüÁixa	eivät olisi íRcüÁixneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
,CžíKp	,CžíKpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
pđMo,úa	olkaamme pđMo,úeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
šxpaää	šxpaäänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
áCübwku	áCübwuille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
űđlsstaa	en ole űđlsstanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Mžkmbctaa	ei ole Mžkmbcettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
awčomika	awčomjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
iKxaőspi	iKxaősit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
sŧõđtkFíánen	sŧõđtkFíásillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋűüxčdRzsáa	ŋűüxčdRzsáa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ÁtCiüö Aro	ÁtCiüö Arotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
gcRf'nen	gcRf'sittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
söčo,a	lienette söčo,neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
II,rIb-AKŧta	emme olisi II,rIb-AKŧnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
ezó..a	en olisi ezó..nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
IAäoušÁRn	IAäoušÁRmissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
Ieő'mäwŋäa	eivät ole Ieő'mäwŋäeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ög.jMgä	ög.jMgineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
áoIpšnen	áoIpšsista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
e úvwgs	e úvwgksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
 AäešM õä	olkaamme  AäešM õeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
dgfzjõjuxoa	dgfzjõjuxoaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
óASÁ tÁši	óASÁ tÁši	N;ACC;SG;finnish
őczđčÁgfétää	őczđčÁgfédettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
  ähg .öűúka	  ähg .öűúoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
-lžŧÁos	-lžŧÁoksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ruűŧtyä	ette ole ruűŧtyeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ndehlűbi	ndehlűbissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
i,ŧinüwjeRa	i,ŧinüwjeRaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
kdnA-a	et ollut kdnA-nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
lFŧđwdÁä	ole lFŧđwdÁnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
Klvanfä	ei olisi Klvanfnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
MŧŋcA tÁyo	MŧŋcA tÁyoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
túogđASpASnen	túogđASpASsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
üáuMIa	üáuMIaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
r.FbaFáa	emme olleet r.FbaFáneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
á-gíöégKCKa	älkäämme olko á-gíöégKCKneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
pkj  e'ímõi	pkj  e'ímõistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
tüRčk-áúđtua	tüRčk-áúđdu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
kRyÁbxóARis	kRyÁbxóARiksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
žőöh'.yíChi	žőöh'.yíChia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
odeéog'áä	oli odeéog'ányt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
űőoeőAs	űőoeőAksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
 surđMsŧõís	 surđMsŧõíksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
yeeúáišpa	eivät yeeúáišpneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
k r-ÁnlčFÁnen	k r-ÁnlčFÁsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
özlcoIu	özlcoIut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
bkókđfätä	bkókđfänitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
Sn ršjliet	Sn ršjliiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
jíyäÁ.s	jíyäÁ.kseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
Rnüŋaru	Rnüŋarutta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
örűgMlMa	emme olleet örűgMlMneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
M-K-úe	M-K-úe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
zjfC.Sta	olin zjfC.Snnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
bű őmu	bű őmusta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
yágmyoaúvi	yágmyoaúvien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Is-haidä	ei olisi Is-haity	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
Cŧ hŋjSõa	oli Cŧ hŋjSõnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
,ÁÁőžés	,ÁÁőžéteen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
sÁMIőÁazä	sÁMIőÁaznet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
éiõ,pydőu	éiõ,pydőu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
žCŋőzFta	žCŋőzFamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ixórztä	et ollut ixórzsyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
sI'Aumla	sI'Aumtaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
hwla-ä	en olisi hwla-nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ewdőÁčä	ewdőÁčälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ümjáäcjka	ümjáäcjoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
yõäxŋdz,-ä	yõäxŋdz,-ältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
-wüűčšvŋtaa	-wüűčšvŋettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
trMgwzcCti	trMgwzcCein	N;INS;PL;finnish
úđ.öäwmta	ei liene úđ.öäwmsut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
šIpõnhűn a	šIpõnhűn takoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
RKziiőežu	RKziiőežu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
šäŋuőéeóaŧella	šäŋuőéeóaŧtelivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
aeőtžcüŧđžta	aeőtžcüŧđžlatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
óS hwkčcfi	óS hwkčcfeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Ajőšŧái	Ajőšŧáeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
sőRfy'za	olet sőRfy'zut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
atpű nói	atpű nóihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
 hxÁdžguüõo	 hxÁdžguüõoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
 ŧjííke	 ŧjííen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ővétatgka	emme ővétatgkneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
áõaumdet	áõaumksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
psűdäfjóä	psűdäfjókäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
jta'í'éIa	olemme jta'í'éIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
vžön,js	vžön,jalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
wčM.uÁÁKÁa	wčM.uÁÁKÁoita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Rõvhŋéčoä	Rõvhŋéčoään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
rúKújIáa	en ollut rúKújIáut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŋbsőŋ'a	et liene ŋbsőŋ'nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
äšéijbáön	äšéijbátömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
k- ógäđ uti	k- ógäđ ueille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
áhŋaáíRógja	eivät áhŋaáíRógjneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
öhvRaa	öhvRakaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
vpŋceta	emme liene vpŋcenneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
fózyóíto	fózyóídolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ŋoäulMáíóku	ŋoäulMáíóussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
,Ákcvica	emme olisi ,Ákcvicneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
Fŋv-ó áa	Fŋv-ó áoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
vúábíka	vúábíkkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
íá'gce	íá'gceet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
FläIuvCä	olit FläIuvCnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
óRšcuhđxMa	óRšcuhđxMoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
.blC'wä	eivät olisi .blC'wneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
Sxf AIä	Sxf AIöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
smšodMa	et ollut smšodMnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
 .íSrs	 .íSrksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
hča'-ukö	hča'-uöillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
.gűnhi	.gűnheilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ükugrrižäi	ükugrrižäein	N;INS;PL;finnish
cwÁAŧa	lienemme cwÁAŧneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
éSdMaS.yr tää	éSdMaS.yr ettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
ü Slŧa	emme liene ü Slŧneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
-ŋFŧrki	-ŋFŧreille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
öoa Fn	öoa Fmpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
-u'öáučpi	-u'öáučit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
i-I kä  la	i-I kä  lalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
g,oAsüi	g,oAsüeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
Ár-nz'i	Ár-nz'illa	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
üuÁčÁCM.ti	üuÁčÁCM.ille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
üxlőksői	üxlőksőien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
zkú,Shéo	zkú,Shéolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
uűgiRAnen	uűgiRAseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
õfó'éA.óőÁnen	õfó'éA.óőÁsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
vaArőKđđstaa	vaArőKđđsettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
ő,cbuspčšä	emme olisi ő,cbuspčšneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
u.tsséda	u.tssékoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
zRkgy äta	olit zRkgy ännut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
Súnoűi	Súnoűeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
üRŋuápo	üRŋuáot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ópõűSđa	älköön olko ópõűSđtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
-F.útäa	-F.útäkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
žäC'.'kõo	žäC'.'kõoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
RűüK.ä	RűüK.isimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
úoápAICžä	úoápAICžäksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
k bŧčüÁi	k bŧčüÁille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Md-KečdI'a	olisi Md-KečdI'tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
MbMahžpyä	älkää MbMahžpykö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
uszCsÁjda	olin uszCsÁjnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
IšőrŋmđhmCda	eivät olleet IšőrŋmđhmCneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
läAmA,gas	läAmA,kaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
uađíŋŧzupä	uađíŋŧzuällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
a'õtlúi	a'õtlúia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
zšM űe	zšM űkeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
KűevoyÁR.e	KűevoyÁR.eena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
kíč,fóSj a	kíč,fóSj oitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
'löpbr-Ájta	'löpbr-Ájnan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
MSAäua	olette MSAäuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
Mđh tIwxíä	ole Mđh tIwxínyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
-žhóäFa	-žhóäFat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
lžfxéki	lžfxéit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Fmžg'jRőrmat	Fmžg'jRőrpiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
õjöŋakä	lienee õjöŋaktty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
.žäšvkö	.žäšvöissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
aäzFzftaa	ei aäzFzfnettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
S,ŧŧéŋa	ovat S,ŧŧéŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
urRöKi	urRöKille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
 čluSéõbüöä	oli  čluSéõbüönyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
mún.mnen	mún.mset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ldigön	ldigömettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
őpží rtu	őpží ruksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
úđKóúéd-sti	úđKóúéd-sneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
KCAúIüa	ole KCAúIünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
év.peđl.Mi	év.peđl.Mit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
űMR-R.ybn	űMR-R.ybmia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
 scjyi	 scjyien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
 xõkI sRida	ette  xõkI sRi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
,viohabée	,viohabéeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
AőóuÁo	AőóuÁoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
l.-üja	on l.-üjnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
kSoaklIs	kSoaklIksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
tÁIõiti	tÁIõiitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
méFSCpfõaii	méFSCpfõaieilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
šMxsü nen	šMxsü sia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
dvAödéwItua	dvAödéwItuoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
öŧíénIéotaa	öŧíénIéoat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
aõÁ'úa	älkää olko aõÁ'úneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
nüecää	nüecäältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ááűvÁa	ááűvÁttu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
öidöväčđnen	öidöväčđsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
zMjFjFa	en zMjFjFsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ífiwvöeraöa	ífiwvöeraöaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
őydíäőmgá la	őydíäőmgá takoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
zömsvdžža	en zömsvdžžne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
 aőacymCCÁä	 aőacymCCÁien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdäftlgmđ,eg,i	ette olleet tehneetftlgmđ,eg,i	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
Mw'óŋÁda	olemme Mw'óŋÁneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŧf,áIjMn	ŧf,áIjMneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ulvő űtga	lienet ulvő űtgnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
  űžwä	  űžwä	V;NFIN;finnish
óéšóörja	ei óéšóörjnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
wjcKŧmga	wjcKŧmga	V;NFIN;finnish
rwAžpöa	emme rwAžpöisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
jsőtkbŧsšnen	jsőtkbŧsšselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
 wxmxä	 wxmxä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
Ctéűgf'uaŋi	Ctéűgf'uaŋiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
hŋÁšvéäa	olette hŋÁšvéäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
étSŋčn	étSŋčn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
žy.Ro,Kžu	žy.Ro,Kžua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
Ikcätti	Ikcätein	N;INS;PL;finnish
I Ckš'imi	I Ckš'imeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
t rbú o	t rbú ona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
á.ó,écs-a	ette olleet á.ó,écs-neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
épzoga	älä ole épzogut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
Cp'A Cíika	Cp'A Cíjoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
Fzaógo	Fzaógotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
á AoüRxä	emme á AoüRxneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ldŋkRéč-fs	ldŋkRéč-fksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
csáüó'ko	csáüó'oille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
j'mijšdóda	emme j'mijšdóneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ízpvFM ŧőAa	ízpvFM ŧőAana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ío'fnõtää	ío'fnõit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
poKöÁđvüs	poKöÁđvüksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
žxvRÁtyä	žxvRÁyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
ŋúfobScda	ei liene ŋúfobSctu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
fčtÁõe.ti	fčtÁõe.issa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Fx,ähő,ta	ovat Fx,ähő,nneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
öhu Msŋa	lienemme öhu Msŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
 cczžóba	 cczžóbana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
äÁy-.pi	äÁy-.malle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
fbglRAzmä	fbglRAzmtty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
űÁxet,a	en űÁxet,nut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
yőnhcä	yőnhcä	V;NFIN;finnish
žŋhűKf.pőštä	žŋhűKf.pőšet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
éijlxIhSda	eivät éijlxIhSsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
,wFúzgIMŋöky	,wFúzgIMŋöyltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
u-Ašõo	u-Ašõona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
uKÁápčűwtcf	uKÁápčűwtcfeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
'čjŧõtlöfSi	'čjŧõtlöfSeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
wé.azö	wé.azöön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
A,kzAõáőlÁi	A,kzAõáőlÁein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ÁMxänŧŧhnen	ÁMxänŧŧhsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
k đŋieŋa	k đŋieŋkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
rčoínmKt.a	rčoínmKt.aa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
űđkyáŋč,züa	űđkyáŋč,züoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
cfhnčfgika	cfhnčfgjalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ž jt-őr ója	ž jt-őr ójalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
šsűrK,n	šsűrK,n	N;NOM;SG;finnish
f-SF éava	lienevät f-SF éavneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
yS jkÁi	yS jkÁeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
RééóSs	RééóSksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
õŧđyefi	õŧđyefilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
fú-č cata	älkäämme olko fú-č canneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
nMúnaõKaää	eivät nMúnaõKaä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ŋkcwéäíúžFa	ei ŋkcwéäíúžFnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ŧtmopoirői	ŧtmopoirőiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
űűdđtjÁnata	űűdđtjÁnpasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
A R đRűä	et liene A R đRűyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
mjfbprŧvüla	emme mjfbprŧvüisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
éMRöIgcaoa	éMRöIgcaottava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
.ŧuŋiMtđä	.ŧuŋiMtđkäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
äwnF ánen	äwnF ásen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
o šäsCčéAa	älä ole o šäsCčéAnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
sriwrsA,enen	sriwrsA,esten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Acõšu,nen	Acõšu,sine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
šđ.gŋüo	šđ.gŋüo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
űIõõSka	olkoon űIõõSknut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Áóõždäukjta	Áóõždäukjnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
élSeár.Au	élSeár.Aulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
bylw Sžtaa	ei bylw Sžettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
ögF.Fpi	ögF.Feitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
AFŧŋzM Kpa	AFŧŋzM Kpaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
RspcCdűg is	RspcCdűg is	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Fhžáđús	Fhžáđútena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
č-oa-ymiüžti	č-oa-ymiüžin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
óöKAbfóa	älkäämme óöKAbfóko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
pzŋé,Sŋúótä	olin pzŋé,Sŋúónnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
'veíákđxella	'veíákđxtelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
öaolwvnen	öaolwvsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
rrCCöda	älkööt olko rrCCöneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
bđzowó.yön	bđzowó.ytöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
trátúzK,Adä	älköön olko trátúzK,Anyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
džgAžmrűCRe	džgAžmrűCReiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
úđAmčyÁžűIki	úđAmčyÁžűIeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
šmóSéSsFža	olin šmóSéSsFžut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
čűsRgde	čűsRgteesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
'éfe őoőä	eivät 'éfe őoőne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
pydwgóúraa	on pydwgóúrettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
čmiúc ótää	čmiúc óetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
lAoáöcía	lAoáöcíat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
y--čđnxto	y--čđnxolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
üŧöü .hoa	üŧöü .hoassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
 CvöitRŋgóda	 CvöitRŋgókaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
bzű.őFK-Kata	et bzű.őFK-Kpaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
ópCäŋK,o	ópCäŋK,oina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ARósfsS lä	ARósfsS isitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
stžf óáifa	stžf óáifilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
gižíüCta	en olisi gižíüCnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
xdnõđdna	olimme xdnõđdnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
hxjft õKía	olisit hxjft õKíut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
Fžžŧőátä	en Fžžŧőáä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
IC.ŋM.ta	ei olisi IC.ŋM.nnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
űFhIka	űFhIkaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
äőc Sónen	äőc Sóselle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
õwzkŋprŋi	õwzkŋprŋi	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
wefđ-SŋÁa	wefđ-SŋÁaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
nlőkxü,ŋtüpo	nlőkxü,ŋtüoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
št xúpíški	št xúpíšgin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
kš-úuur đai	kš-úuur đaeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
 Ié p,cezda	ei olisi  Ié p,ceztu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
íkŧSIy .ga	íkŧSIy .gttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
Ain čla	älkäämme Ain člko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
tsžúÁ a	ette tsžúÁ neet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
xxöű wuAfda	lienette xxöű wuAfneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
rŧvsgkiä	rŧvsgin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
xAI o,a	emme olleet xAI o,eet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
.sčpvida	ette .sčpvi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ruxižda	ruxiždatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
üécun.őMpi	üécun.őMissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
šŧFAMióSi	šŧFAMióSesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
CđtőwSáöÁča	emme ole CđtőwSáöÁčneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
é.éüőu-ä	älkööt é.éüőu-kö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
.üŧKICC nSua	ei .üŧKICC nSu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
äšäMdIa	älkää olko äšäMdIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
mõpžzCza	älkää mõpžzCzko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
'õbžyMÁlde	'õbžyMÁltein	N;INS;PL;finnish
éüpú'xšs	éüpú'xšksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
IRöpíői	IRöpíőillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ö'žSinőowau	ö'žSinőowauista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
vógí'lűSä	älkää olko vógí'lűSneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
jdđŋky.Sinen	jdđŋky.Sisten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
uAhükrže	uAhükrže	N;ACC;SG;finnish
sgjrühácki	sgjrüháceissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŧs Fdöŋ.dä	eivät ŧs Fdöŋ.si	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
Ff íboáäŧRa	älkäämme olko Ff íboáäŧReet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Ct'hŋAőyjva	Ct'hŋAőyjvkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
đohrää	đohräällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ád'beda	ád'bevat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ipfcämđšai	ipfcämđšaissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
dó xb Iua	dó xb Iusitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
fCK'ši	fCK'šien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
äéÁđfpi	äéÁđfman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
.dréóca,jta	eivät liene .dréóca,jnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
'rSŋCti	'rSŋCit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
tR'isőnstä	olitte tR'isőnsnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
hgõbmirí's	hgõbmirí'ksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
jvöSka	jvöSkille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Myéhšä	Myéhšä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
uAk loõpősa	uAk loõpősa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
FúCÁ,-Cn	FúCÁ,-Cmmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
b hmdyčs	b hmdyčkselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
šče.đKldi	šče.đKldeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
bi-FnzúSa	bi-FnzúSoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ogdSfoFóda	olisi ogdSfoFónut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
wmäAő Aa	wmäAő Aaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
fvfwžzäoda	älköön fvfwžzäoko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
sIvouamza	en sIvouamznut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
űnŧjűgKpši	űnŧjűgKpšinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
yđzacüiItua	yđzacüiIduttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
eõbšõé.Fn	eõbšõé.Fn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
nđ.i'tää	nđ.i'än	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
tM'dmta	en olisi tM'dmnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
övRíä,g'ŧu	övRíä,g'ŧuun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ekb.SéhFžda	ei ole ekb.SéhFžnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ŋKhSőpža	ŋKhSőpžat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ya Iáa	olisi ya Iánut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
exís.pros	exís.proksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ühxeKóhüúto	ühxeKóhüúnoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
z inšli	z inšlit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
puc-zái	puc-záein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ICÁína	ICÁínoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
đ loMštxtaa	on đ loMštxnettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
faögnöua	ei olisi faögnöunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
wgoeRŧCaäa	olen wgoeRŧCaänut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
nsusáóKknen	nsusáóKksesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
e,'Rhyzi	e,'Rhyzi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
čbčŋorjF,hä	lienevät čbčŋorjF,heet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
K' ábpvhti	K' ábpvhissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
R čéhn	R čéhn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
šllomcta	šllomctatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
áawõ dä	olkaa áawõ neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
rsbrgda	olisi rsbrgnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
jwűyáč fxwta	ei jwűyáč fxwsut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
äpíwRtéíKčta	äpíwRtéíKčroissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ygtzőúfyFa	eivät olisi ygtzőúfyFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
w'xažbAnARö	w'xažbAnARöjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
zfÁgčzItua	zfÁgčzIdutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
žežmCušMa	olisi žežmCušMttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
pžaMÁgAtua	pžaMÁgAnun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
'Kxäoi	'Kxäoien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
pMSówba	pMSówbassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
hpsbmzbä	hpsbmzbässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Ráŧ'Kűa'uki	Ráŧ'Kűa'ugein	N;INS;PL;finnish
kRmIúšésnen	kRmIúšéssissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ifCkwCa	ei ifCkwCttu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
,íõCfA m.ä	,íõCfA m.ältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
AiüMdŧšKja	ette AiüMdŧšKjisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
óöÁõdMóvhSi	óöÁõdMóvhSilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
áyűöhttsűži	áyűöhttsűžien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
fánerčAu	fánerčAuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
.ädsldíÁgwa	.ädsldíÁgwat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
eücéäwcä	eücéäwcät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ígöčzšči	ígöčzščein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
öáŋžbda	öáŋžbdiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
SKRrScfcía	et olisi SKRrScfcínut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
tcnlla	emme tcnllne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
enŋžóuõyö	enŋžóuõöiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
šéče hča	olkoon šéče hčnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
vb kvšta	vb kvšnnee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
űžtrxígéhda	űžtrxígéhmme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
Fmkájjuvája	olin Fmkájjuvájnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
jóáŧkz a	on jóáŧkz nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
cKächtä	cKächsevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
õFcöfdSž.Ctyä	õFcöfdSž.Cnyttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
KFžsűđa	ette KFžsűđe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
žčMtRäa	žčMtRäat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
õÁMóÁzMi da	olisimme õÁMóÁzMi neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
ŋčt'gžtää	ei ŋčt'gžetä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
xž,,jaCs	xž,,jaCksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Fgbb õyúhzs	Fgbb õyúhzsta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
Maküfhóbžke	Maküfhóbžkkeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
CŧwhRClFi	CŧwhRClFeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
AkáešõžbMla	AkáešõžbMtava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
'Ážčia	'Ážčiat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
wüéAbÁRšSa	wüéAbÁRšSalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
d  .őzptaa	älköön olko d  .őzpettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
R-űá iAo	R-űá iAoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ŧno-fAAmna	ŧno-fAAmnoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
žűaő  do	žűaő  doista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
đmjsseetä	đmjssekenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
čvšjsgáa	čvšjsgáalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
btócđa	älköön btócđtako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
trgFhđõŧä	trgFhđõŧöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
tIKzxe	tIKzxeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ItjbúÁnen	ItjbúÁsesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
úyüyšä	emme úyüyšeet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
-ŋjduóhi	-ŋjduóheilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
,mfäFö	,mfäFössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädäöCÁé,čäđšui	lienevät jääneetöCÁé,čäđšui	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
ől,-hläčCää	ei liene ől,-hläčCetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
mCÁMčõ-la	on mCÁMčõ-tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
žŋKhú hIta	žŋKhú hInalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
yir-gta	olin yir-gnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
cm žőöwöoma	et cm žőöwöomne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
AädúkmKú'i	AädúkmKú'in	N;GEN;SG;finnish
f'CÁcps	f'CÁcptena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
r lbciúi	r lbciúeistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
óMum.nŋyba	óMum.nŋyboin	N;INS;PL;finnish
en-tÁxuuä	et ollut en-tÁxuunyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
eŧsSlcnktä	emme olleet eŧsSlcnknneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŧtcŧKta	älkää olko ŧtcŧKnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Iöhŋfa	olkoon Iöhŋfnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ždŋädši	ždŋädšeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
íÁÁMw.éúúa	íÁÁMw.éúúina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ó.gíRda	ó.gíRkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
-,tajpä	-,tajpiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
lö,č'űjku	lö,č'űjuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
,v-üÁŋi'đÁtaa	,v-üÁŋi'đÁimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ReCúpflŧänen	ReCúpflŧäsille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
bC'Áduázpa	emme bC'Áduázpne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
édúeűa	édúeűoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
 íFózlgyas	 íFózlgykaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
cMúõőwKđáfä	olkoon cMúõőwKđáfnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
xŧúŋünen	xŧúŋüsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
 kACüŋn	 kACüŋn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
wkődxti	wkődxneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
v'-óonen	v'-óosiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
t óxMžš,őa	t óxMžš,őisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
weSK',hžwSi	weSK',hžwSi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
uKüóxCwfÁCa	uKüóxCwfÁCoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
érá'öű úfä	ette liene érá'öű úfeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
CSjü-,hka	CSjü-,hat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
zűmFõFSlóžnen	zűmFõFSlóžsissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
š ŋÁaa	š ŋÁattaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
jžéwöR-m.,ä	olin jžéwöR-m.,nyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
MjpžKnen	MjpžKsina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
Rpč Séwpi	Rpč Séwmissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
Aúo ősRzővä	en Aúo ősRzővisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
eCsneCaKa	en liene eCsneCaKnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
jüaküaä	jüaküaän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
žbüfaánön	žbüfaántömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
liz iüjštaa	eivät liz iüjša	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
íkcrtmka	íkcrtmkisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
cRlAzi	cRlAzinä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
xűAz-á-šjda	xűAz-á-šjdisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
aÁđíjgiõa	aÁđíjgiõoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
roõöoŋluna	roõöoŋlunatta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
đc,őóŋžíüfä	đc,őóŋžíüfällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
CšmxMo	CšmxMoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
svÁŋ wa	svÁŋ woin	N;INS;PL;finnish
c dačR.šéa	c dačR.šévat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
gÁMst-gba	gÁMst-gbista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
kxRAckp'ő-o	kxRAckp'ő-oksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
nyíöxwhzeFo	nyíöxwhzeFo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
zmwõía	olivat zmwõíneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
hMiiKäKhSta	olimme hMiiKäKhSnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
aõtüp,Ijŋxdä	aõtüp,Ijŋxnevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
ŋngÁfa	ŋngÁftakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
hnbyhö	hnbyhöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
dSpvsMímzwo	dSpvsMímzwoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
fcC-jéFta	fcC-jéFralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
đtűđ Rőzóúnen	đtűđ Rőzóúsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
 Ccpóačőrčä	 Ccpóačőrčä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
äIzgÁzin	äIzgÁztimilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
zdrÁrnen	zdrÁrset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
coIti,fa	ei coIti,ftaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
 wpIh i	 wpIh ia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
óúp. wMMtwa	óúp. wMMtwilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
válbđet	válbđineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
u üwztä	ei ollut u üwznnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
gíű zű  äs	gíű zű  käillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
íóxéiű a	íóxéiű alla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
SSzád..ülä	ei ollut SSzád..üty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
-ylISlFKős	-ylISlFKőksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
pőbä -eda	älkää olko pőbä -eneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
üokeõúčirtyä	üokeõúčirlyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
cövrl.eóőŧo	cövrl.eóőŧoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
mfőzŧúŧi	mfőzŧúŧeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Rowširsrta	ei Rowširsrnnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
vőö óscöi	vőö óscöein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ŧzÁäšItyä	on ŧzÁäšIrytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
Mŧxnójkae	Mŧxnójkaein	N;INS;PL;finnish
šu rknče,n	šu rknče,mmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
iúrüxiša	iúrüxišiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
č-Srdőkža	ole č-Srdőkžnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
Ásđirüöysoä	Ásđirüöysonemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
uähõpõzlnen	uähõpõzlset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
jŧdžMkpi	jŧdžMkmaksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
zKhčäda	en zKhčäne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
l -fšKta	l -fšKnnevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
xSreÁóäđs	xSreÁóäđksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
đé .bvoRya	eivät olleet đé .bvoRyneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
mpóŋŧ'ba	mpóŋŧ'boihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
'pwálŧMro	'pwálŧMroon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
c.'wŧtMőon	c.'wŧtMőtomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
,šzüŋejoatua	älä ,šzüŋejoadu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
'íeCõöMpa	lienen 'íeCõöMpnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
eplsđCŋi	eplsđCŋia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
wkcüjšou	wkcüjšouineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
,ShIvSlä	älköön olko ,ShIvSty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
čtúúFä	olen čtúúFnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Á-đbMgđ-ihtaa	ei ole Á-đbMgđ-ihettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
osrŧR, ű-ís	osrŧR, ű-íksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
M-SzlčK aika	M-SzlčK ajat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
FrRSrata	en FrRSrkaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
vmnhIws oee	vmnhIws oeeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
űwuči jwča	lienette űwuči jwčneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
jóš-wAtaa	ei ole jóš-wAdettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
,wCR-'vks	,wCR-'vkksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
zMiršrhnen	zMiršrhsiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
o.Ivőkdta	en ollut o.Ivőkdnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
vmdmFtää	ei liene vmdmFetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
úzŧüžä	olkaamme úzŧüžeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
aRzwŋóä-,õi	aRzwŋóä-,õina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
RdRítnen	RdRítsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
zscmÁõílRa	älä ole zscmÁõílRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
iđjyšeka	iđjyšekitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
  baua	  bauaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
üepaŧltä	en olisi üepaŧlnnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
.woÁllä	.woÁli	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
-úü-z lŋáä	en liene -úü-z lŋányt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
d'õdútää	lienee d'õdúetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
CMtpbžólkui	CMtpbžólkueilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
äútóMjõäöne	äútóMjõäöteen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
cŧröõfAzŋvi	cŧröõfAzŋvenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
'đnxrh- h s	'đnxrh- h ksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
öđtmŋgõ'őže	öđtmŋgõ'őžeet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
 ŧFfppäva	 ŧFfppävtiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
nCháoíeöä	nCháoíeöillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
mSčAlči	mSčAlčia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ömđűÁhúi	ömđűÁhúin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
CnCsoíFFíču	CnCsoíFFíčuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
 j,RRóšdÁita	 j,RRóšdÁiatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Rxajbzõs	Rxajbzõs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
oaŧŧeüvhCFta	olimme oaŧŧeüvhCFseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
'zŋ.MÁ'khMto	'zŋ.MÁ'khMoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
čIzepaoüi	čIzepaoüillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
đfŧérhe óaa	oli đfŧérhe óettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
üiwúAda	olkoon üiwúAnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
gnwáé'äóđa	gnwáé'äóđitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
vls,veéőda	en vls,veéősi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
CőaõmSKMRata	CőaõmSKMRtaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
-bémö a	olitte -bémö neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
tSnkwfcõäs	tSnkwfcõäs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
m kí,čwfda	ei liene m kí,čwftu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
ámŋ'cRa	eivät liene ámŋ'cRneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
Ruáí--äulõö	Ruáí--äulõöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
űsđäđszsxtto	űsđäđszsxtoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
éIaIpnen	éIaIpsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
Mó-Kóŋta	en liene Mó-Kóŋnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
ebŋMšm	ebŋMšmiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
öŧažáSCtbdta	älkäämme öŧažáSCtbdko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
hAčá'lŧmäna	en liene hAčá'lŧmännut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
ž,učhsooia	ž,učhsooiana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
é'čAsi	é'čAseitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
íSŋüžá ata	íSŋüžá taisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
'ÁyKkxrtaa	oli 'ÁyKkxrettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
zkdđfowo	zkdđfowot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
oRwbkrjcw s	oRwbkrjcw ksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
AIe,ákklci	AIe,ákklcista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ŧaxmšyzfyti	ŧaxmšyzfyeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
óC-peö	óC-peössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
čKzđFsalo	čKzđFsalo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
íráocFvtä	emme íráocFvseet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
hžä kCa	hžä kCkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
yIvzFb-älíata	yIvzFb-älíkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
Faŋbõui	Faŋbõueihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
puut,-űõsi	puut,-űõsittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
üčüšMfä	on üčüšMfnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
jülejfpä	jülejfästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
yKŧF vFä	ei yKŧF vFnyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
eyívŋjyMMota	eyívŋjyMMoaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
ŧđčzíäIođaa	ei ollut ŧđčzíäIođettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
žfjuRžupo	žfjuRžuossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
eInő cöncä	eInő cöncöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
by-ä.íCta	olisimme by-ä.íCnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
žšoküŋoa	žšoküŋonen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
gjÁfdúíKi	gjÁfdúíKien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
füdvrfda	olisimme füdvrfneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
 aMAum	 aMAumiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
xeűF.s	xeűF.ksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
veúoIM a	veúoIM n	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Ič,o-h-,äsä	olisi Ič,o-h-,äsnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
réóI faócŧe	réóI faócŧen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
jyfMF'xbvptaa	älköön olko jyfMF'xbvprettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
t,ŧáíMöi.a	t,ŧáíMöi.issa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
č-äAffnen	č-äAffsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
-íŋiómuõMCta	ei olisi -íŋiómuõMCnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
.íA-xõi	.íA-xõeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
onöt  -Kaa	onöt  -Kaaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
K'M'jűiCfi	K'M'jűiCfista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
őjkmsőkč,a	őjkmsőkč,i	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ŧFMöIöőádSi	ŧFMöIöőádSetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
hčhüxujda	ei hčhüxujnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
đsvSá dőRon	đsvSá dőRtomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
őbéúka	emme liene őbéúkneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ŋMRőoá úi	ŋMRőoá úein	N;INS;PL;finnish
,Kugđöüi	,Kugđöüi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
 xáŧI ku	 xáŧI kuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
iódöAs	iódöAdeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
CeÁŧžía	lienen CeÁŧžíut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
óht.yõllv a	olkoon óht.yõllv nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
šFuSui	šFuSuilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
.biconda	eivät olisi .biconneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
CuiütRáõxa	olemme CuiütRáõxneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
sčixdyõs	sčixdyõksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
í.őIŧŧta	eivät olleet í.őIŧŧseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
õtR őüŋŧa	õtR őüŋŧa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
đűŋpcka	đűŋpcatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
őúkkÁe	őúkkÁkeitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
odkKvi	odkKvia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
dapIöÁűópi	dapIöÁűóilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
.ŧxAüä	en .ŧxAünyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
FrdsKh Awõo	FrdsKh Awõoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
nmsdroüšéia	oli nmsdroüšéinut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
tđöüopxüúFä	tđöüopxüúFvä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
nóáõlvüä	nóáõlvüisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
wõékfRüštaa	ei wõékfRüšettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
õguáé-yaciä	õguáé-yaciiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
pM'íCilÁoi	pM'íCilÁoien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
éržőđSšda	ette liene éržőđSšneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
áKí uŧi	áKí uŧeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
AxC.ykeba	AxC.ykebisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
 ,üyvRta	ette  ,üyvRa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
SoŋűMä	SoŋűMään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
Ssuaűžjä	ette liene Ssuaűžjneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
ÁíúíIF nen	ÁíúíIF siltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
wÁästczbe	wÁästczbteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
jRŋš.öžde	jRŋš.öžteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
õnu FrrC,a	õnu FrrC,alta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
kSõebcŋä	ei olisi kSõebcŋtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
üűõ xa	en liene üűõ xnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
ü-xűčíäúRhs	ü-xűčíäúRhkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
 žó,IxüKs	 žó,IxüKksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
öŧŋ,éíüeta	öŧŋ,éíüenisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
óIuge.fbžgtaa	óIuge.fbžgettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
tsIctđőa	olkoon tsIctđőtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
ÁFnSpä	älköön ÁFnSpttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaaKCijŋsŧíči	olet antanutKCijŋsŧíči	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
 eeuđyta	 eeuđyisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
yjICt''ška	yjICt''šiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
iiKjgfzi	iiKjgfzeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
pikév'y'it	pikév'y'eilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ülmgÁaaögŋta	olen ülmgÁaaögŋnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
géűőöxFogós	géűőöxFogódetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ő-cSFFes	ő-cSFFeksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
iézoášvŋs	iézoášvŋs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
čűő,-Csodii	čűő,-Csodieina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
täkäõxbwa	ei täkäõxbwnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ä, éogjIi	ä, éogjIin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
.ŧymklMŋdka	.ŧymklMŋdalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
íyuáčä	olisimme íyuáčneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
íšSwItíűti	íšSwItíűtiksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
pččyes	pččyehittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
,üöäoä	,üöäoä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
p''-geűa	emme ole p''-geűeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
õõőtčkta	õõőtčknoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
óÁÁónugói	óÁÁónugóinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
i lIrónŋíMn	i lIrónŋíMmpien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
üđfeõé mfőta	älkää olko üđfeõé mfőnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
jÁv pünen	jÁv püselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
blúF,wúxä	ole blúF,wúxnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
úMoxágmč mä	úMoxágmč mä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
lŧsIrđáduä	lŧsIrđáduin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
mó,wšKcnen	mó,wšKcsta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
šxR-hw,ói	šxR-hw,óeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
tbCSšfíčõs	tbCSšfíčõksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
IbúäAa	en ole IbúäAnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytääSjnwyi	ei ollut pyydettySjnwyi	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
RéRymlo	RéRymlossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
lzäay ko	lzäay oissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
fFSbey-Soi	fFSbey-Soein	N;INS;PL;finnish
đ,CAaítää	et đ,CAaíä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
bšmkőeäeöa	lienee bšmkőeäeöut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
nŋűz'huKkiä	emme nŋűz'huKi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
FuwnztžÁbxä	FuwnztžÁbxty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
ÁFusA ASi	ÁFusA ASista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
wđd'-do	wđd'-dolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
öoho đhioma	öoho đhiosin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ööó öfaKICm	ööó öfaKICmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
uMrKFrAm	uMrKFrAmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
kóájnlxma	kóájnlxsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
Ázű'üdčŋs.kama	olgu Ázű'üdčŋs.atud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
žIiFoArp wm	žIiFoArp wmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
aöIRza	aöIRzades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
dlcybstšRa	dlcybstšRa	V;NFIN;estonian
öwIwRčäa	öwIwRčäates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ü-Áju,pdSMe	ü-Áju,pdSMed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ÁősűuníIm	ÁősűuníImdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
zmRIhlma	ärgu olgu zmRIhlnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
fšnó tőfma	ei fšnó tőftud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
Aís-ržli.Ine	Aís-ržli.Istena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
febõäú eyIer	febõäú eyIril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ÁssIaõvü ma	ÁssIaõvü ame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
sžÁújžne	sžÁújžseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
üxüjÁžma	üxüjÁžsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
kcgŧ'Ir	kcgŧ'Iris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
dfű-.s	dfű-.s	N;NOM;SG;estonian
újA úeCyéxma	újA úeCyéxtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
opu'eAkv	opu'eAkvana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
 úőnmáŋ,a	 úőnmáŋ,as	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Aú-tlčSđlzer	Aú-tlčSđlzrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
izy-Ájjhama	ära izy-Ájjha	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
nbpíŧs	nbpíŧstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
.yCüőhxFma	ei olnud .yCüőhxFtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ŋzádércsa	ŋzádércsateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
,hšlMevsÁvm	,hšlMevsÁvmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ő'nCjRđma	ő'nCjRđti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
Af'čÁjma	Af'čÁjtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
'á,füűbžöu	'á,füűbžöus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
 kxŋoRših ma	ärgu  kxŋoRših ku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ghÁbMõčdma	oli ghÁbMõčddud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
őöó.ŋcđAps	őöó.ŋcđApsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
óđđüÁla	óđđüÁlale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
.äMrg-e	.äMrg-edele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
RzŧőRema	oleksid RzŧőRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
žš,đydama	žš,đynaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
höxSIs	höxSIst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
nőá  ödFten	nőá  ödFtnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
IbčcFbFn	IbčcFbFnid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
lga,häčen	lga,häčenasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
čí.uIndrv	čí.uIndrvasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Aóŋlvm	Aóŋlvmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
e lŋzr'xőma	ei e lŋzr'xővat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
mCbRlwru	mCbRlwrutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
sÁj lhs	sÁj lhred	N;NOM;PL;estonian
főišydama	főišydadav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
dnáűŧv n	dnáűŧv nile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
AzMéRešf'pe	AzMéRešf'pe	N;GEN;SG;estonian
vfoo,áAma	vfoo,áAb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
nõuAéjCõoma	nõuAéjCõotavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
áékucma	áékuca	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
 őšhüáyuMtma	 őšhüáyuMtksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
KyAw-ÁrC'ma	ärgem KyAw-ÁrC'kem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
wŋnwf-Sr	wŋnwf-Srini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
-yjőRbmuKma	-yjőRbmuKtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
eüjnŧgíza	eüjnŧgízana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
KéäzéIuv	KéäzéIuvatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
jžf őüMä.tma	jžf őüMä.davad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
õđkMlbüSn	õđkMlbüSnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
IžRačöIčc,ne	IžRačöIčc,sed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
cKužSs	cKužSseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
vmc Kma	vmc Kad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
s nÁArIvma	s nÁArIvksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ífijKk	ífijKkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
šöjCŧáIűšma	ei olnud šöjCŧáIűšetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
cíö.öđődma	cíö.öđődsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
oójöwma	olevat oójöwtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
úMFxčmú'ds	úMFxčmú'dstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
.rCáéŋma	on .rCáéŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
zŧűsríüuma	ei olevat zŧűsríüunudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
dzjaáipama	dzjaáiaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
hk oetFs	hk oetFstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Áóőöcöu	Áóőöcöuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
xüöü gr	xüöü grid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
süÁSSoma	oli süÁSSonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
tpčč'-tŧ-Áma	tpčč'-tŧ-Áksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
FnyRRärd,k	FnyRRärd,ku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ónoŋka	ónoŋke	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ŋőó-Ik	ŋőó-Ikutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Áméúkämza	Áméúkämzatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
übjŋs.ma	übjŋs.eksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
kiúRän-x's	kiúRän-x'sele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
iyüőyxe ne	iyüőyxe seni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
zfčvÁŧcr	zfčvÁŧcri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
nlúbmčdma	ei olevat nlúbmčretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
séI žu	séI žu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
m-sMezCr	m-sMezCriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
níksŧSCtmma	níksŧSCtmaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
,lőslav	,lőslavad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
Sgä'č. s	Sgä'č. sena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
űk-ezSwbu	űk-ezSwbuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Sxú- Fščm	Sxú- Fščmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ŋIfSepRAhés	ŋIfSepRAhés	N;NOM;SG;estonian
xhFóüđvvđsma	xhFóüđvvđstagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
úwupõm.ixs	úwupõm.ixga	N;COM;SG;estonian
icüxt.Iđőma	olite icüxt.Iđőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
zFžrŧma	olin zFžrŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
űnengr,tma	ei űnengr,ttud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
mvuowR kjma	mvuowR kjtaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
IrlKđma	oleksime IrlKđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
üryigí čóa	üryigí čóas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ŧđŧfÁKSma	olin ŧđŧfÁKSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
Mü,dse	Mü,dsedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
xäuäät	xäuäätuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
pAcRSõubšpma	pAcRSõubšpks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ÁMKud,wMer	ÁMKud,wMritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ApAbnma	oli ApAbnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
č sMCk	č sMCkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
sMmSji	sMmSji	N;ACC;SG;estonian
Rkk yéőé-ma	Rkk yéőé-site	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
b xŋt wxma	on b xŋt wxtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
űfFIád,gűma	űfFIád,gűksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
mAc ener	mAc edrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ížgak'ráM'u	ížgak'ráM'udes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
eŋFű fčoaáma	ei eŋFű fčoaávat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
dõl őúí'u	dõl őúí'uga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ÁSzgíõpnjčma	ÁSzgíõpnjčan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ephŧ Su	ephŧ Suks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
avjyijočma	avjyijočsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
š FfiuIűnne	š FfiuIűnsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
fvű'čRék	fvű'čRékut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
FjžhsAá-kvkama	oleme FjžhsAá-kvanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ničwzR,y s	ničwzR,y stest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
rdA,air	rdA,airiteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
mfvnŧüa	mfvnŧüa	N;PRT;SG;estonian
, eiKu	, eiKuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
čfõöŧeúnšyel	čfõöŧeúnšylatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
Áälš lőama	ära Áälš lőa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ralyxupa	ralyxupa	V;NFIN;estonian
'McKAuängk	'McKAuängku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
,I.AAŧvma	ärgu ,I.AAŧvku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
.,nCöäStma	ei .,nCöäSa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
úäáeajhd	úäáeajhdast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Cfégygepkyma	Cfégygepkygu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
űuiešcp eŋma	olete űuiešcp eŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
őöđägpgőbvma	ei őöđägpgőbvtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
hvwdCáoma	oleksid hvwdCáonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
náKžnwűi.ma	ärgu náKžnwűi.gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
'.óűFlzwma	'.óűFlzwnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
vmíecđma	vmíecđks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
űíéőAr	űíéőArita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
 äbxIóma	olid  äbxIónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
ášdéŋäžá bma	ei olevat ášdéŋäžá bnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
šnIIÁr	šnIIÁrtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
byMhčs	byMhčks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đvSÁAŋkíSgema	đvSÁAŋkíSete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
eeõcwvŧma	eeõcwvŧtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
nbchänAFkFma	nbchänAFkFksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ű nfFe	ű nfFetel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
bFé'ima	bFé'ivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
gäcz ž égl	gäcz ž églile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
jRü cőõíR'ma	oleme jRü cőõíR'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ŧz-éuas	ŧz-éuasteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
pehwŋma	pehwŋtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
.oKIjR,čR,m	.oKIjR,čR,mdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
xrjõtöoün	xrjõtöoünites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
,éúŋM'düížm	,éúŋM'düížmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
xőRyKsäCu	xőRyKsäCuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
wéncIpmfgma	ei olnud wéncIpmfgnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
 -ScCas	 -ScCasele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ípímđsm	ípímđsmitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ieőbájAíékima	ieőbájAíégiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
üčóaI aMö,ne	üčóaI aMö,sele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
eaoÁéu	eaoÁéuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
suõrhvhŋli	õrhvhŋloega	N;COM;SG;estonian
fMelzm	fMelzmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
dmxöŧűyk.ks	dmxöŧűyk.kst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
wđyuäma	olin wđyuänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
zo Fgps	zo Fgpt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
 SSöv jSčCma	 SSöv jSčCvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
nõÁAä.mfu	nõÁAä.mfuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
đóöõkówr	đóöõkówritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
kčkeÁčR'u	kčkeÁčR'udeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
dth apjwnma	ärgu olgu dth apjwnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
oŋäA-űKrr	oŋäA-űKrrdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
včhSSsykr	včhSSsykriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ó ŋK'ma	ei ó ŋK'vat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ššbr'mulxSv	ššbr'mulxSvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Föf-fne	Föf-fstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
baéFpfuma	baéFpfuev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
 Ftrbma	ärgu olgu  Ftrbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
aái-Ám	aái-Ámiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
id, tl	id, tlid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
hlšicŋí tAs	hlšicŋí tAse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
jrrŧrvgbIma	olete jrrŧrvgbInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Cup,Krn	Cup,Krnast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
aõänfč'egyčama	ärgu oõänfč'egyču alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
öísägAeük	öísägAeükuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
íđcÁőm	íđcÁőmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
úÁú dxr	úÁú dxrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
hxbjé-óexíma	olin hxbjé-óexínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
epmbCrne	epmbCrsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
fdcóbuaFÁk	fdcóbuaFÁkuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
mžéóSamma	ei ole mžéóSamtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ősihnSma	olevat ősihnStud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ágđnbčCšma	ágđnbčCšv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
vSköMdama	vSköMjatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
mApdCájs	mApdCájselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
g fKéclnvks	g fKéclnvkstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
öäAK,cóma	öäAK,cóksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Cüčvüso	Cüčvüsole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧnnuKőrFs	ŧnnuKőrFs	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
xu Fmzáma	xu Fmzás	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
cšÁShđma	ei olevat cšÁShđtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
öÁ'nwma	ei olnud öÁ'nwnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
Mvzem űöma	Mvzem űövad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
đhűämmr	đhűämmr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ynhőškaAAkima	ei oleks ynhőškaAAitudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
őKúuúkaa	őKúuúkaa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
'sõs'Iúar	'sõs'Iúrast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
wmőõier	wmőõirite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
čkv űvÁhgéi	čkv űvÁhgéi	N;NOM;SG;estonian
úFAád ma	úFAád gu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ahuo rCti'ama	ära ahuo rCti'a	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
sädywS.öu	sädywS.öudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
äctšümű.uer	äctšümű.urisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Rvú. Ržcgm	Rvú. Ržcgmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
AyRdje ma	oled AyRdje nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
-ndõciCma	ei ole -ndõciCtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
žu.cxžma	ärgu žu.cxžgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
üRwRö.lnmma	ei olnud üRwRö.lnmtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
hvoKc st	hvoKc stuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ä aúüíl	ä aúüílatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
űőđÁbzá-ma	on űőđÁbzá-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
čđwSRfFws	čđwSRfFwstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
luúaMjđeama	luúaMjđeanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
mđ eäo.üIäma	mđ eäo.üIid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
oiCóCu	oiCóCudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
äčgäáIhSma	on äčgäáIhSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
đg srCwčóma	đg srCwčósid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
äkSKrÁéebÁtma	ärgu olgu äkSKrÁéebÁdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
vaÁlčf Rhói	vaÁlčf Rhóiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
dcIŋői-x,ws	dcIŋői-x,wst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
gfŧ .Mdkyu	gfŧ .Mdkyult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Ásŧš.ibMóe	Ásŧš.ibMóesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
S Féógwk	S Féógwkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
žnáIeima	ei žnáIei	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
RűinmhAžu	RűinmhAžusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
oáöíšxMFáöma	olevat oáöíšxMFáönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ao .oüCKKs	ao .oüCKKstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
thvchä-ŧa	thvchä-ŧa	N;GEN;SG;estonian
žcšüee	žcšüee	N;ACC;SG;estonian
IgäK'Ibőm	IgäK'Ibőmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
IdIzCs	IdIzCstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
rKű-sÁma	ärgu olgu rKű-sÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
míd-c.gkne	míd-c.gkseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đAncóiče	đAncóičedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
dvmIzAóFyma	dvmIzAóFyksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
žyrmímáüíu	žyrmímáüíudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
göüpycKm	göüpycKmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
bö.IknxCgma	oli bö.IknxCgtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
xbgyä-KpÁn	xbgyä-KpÁnisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
MŋíFjIMnma	on MŋíFjIMndud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
 šíixúčer	 šíixúčtratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
šxRlhn	šxRlhnates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
đóAAlma	oleksite đóAAlnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
mIdm,äKsi	mIdm,äKelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ŧx, yxtágema	ärgu ŧx, yxtáhku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ükwd ma	olite ükwd nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŋ vwlhvđv	ŋ vwlhvđvast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
düékŋúÁtwKma	düékŋúÁtwKnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
maőfrüüma	oleme maőfrüünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
guŋiéma	olevat guŋiétud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
AalóÁxóma	ärge AalóÁxóke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
gäroáú.Aa	gäroáú.Aateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
vIiáiwma	olen vIiáiwnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ázeeőm	ázeeőmid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
őCöfóčfIer	őCöfóčfIrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ŋ  žiúma	ŋ  žiútud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
őplMSđäžsóma	olgu őplMSđäžsónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
sKözjmavma	oli sKözjmavtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
anRcdIc.Aáma	anRcdIc.Aásid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
lf .yöcjCas	lf .yöcjCtast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
yhfžCdzúüma	yhfžCdzúütud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
ŋknéx-úa	ŋknéx-úadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
zŋx-žoFnma	on zŋx-žoFntud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ŧö-Azéüvma	ei ole ŧö-Azéüvnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
KáiFAKbxCma	oleksite KáiFAKbxCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
kfb,ÁKuk	kfb,ÁKuke	N;GEN;PL;estonian
é KgbŧAŧmma	é KgbŧAŧmn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
j očFne	j očFsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
xjvr-vma	ärgu olgu xjvr-vnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
äoRŧpvdma	äoRŧpvaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
šltéšö'áp	šltéšö'ápid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
üú KRÁyőne	üú KRÁyőseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
vöŧpRá'cma	vöŧpRá'cgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ysdedjma	oleksin ysdedjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ŋt,óűrma	ŋt,óűris	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
yčóKwma	yčóKwvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
-óRnšöžs	-óRnšöžste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Acö,hcavóema	Acö,hcavóesid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
u.Rdíévŧ k	u.Rdíévŧ kutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Mzdg,íse	Mzdg,ísedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
dđClđwk	dđClđwkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋmšRxIfima	ei olnud ŋmšRxIfitudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
wöxtj.čCine	wöxtj.čCistele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
sSčsm,öisne	sSčsm,öisstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
öoRI.yík	öoRI.yíkuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
őägé vgcgcne	őägé vgcgcsi	N;PRT;PL;estonian
aüázÁŧKŋne	aüázÁŧKŋst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
čmnkŋos	čmnkŋostel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
-íuüävuIpma	olgu -íuüävuIpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
ní Álkuéjaer	ní Álkuéjarites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
 rIkIsüu	 rIkIsüudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ix'FIőa	ix'FIőateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
fMlFm.oöne	fMlFm.oöstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
rhjđzčAne	rhjđzčAstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
y.dzõx,.ivne	y.dzõx,.ivsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
bščwK.čŧAAm	bščwK.čŧAAmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mnöäbgma	mnöäbgtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
pFfcm kne	pFfcm knesel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
Afóõnőxi	Afóõnőxi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
'   Álácma	olgu '   Álácnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
.lő-dnhijMm	.lő-dnhijMmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
dr-ŧúÁci	dr-ŧúÁcide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
slAuk,áijma	olid slAuk,áijnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
rFyyy-ÁARma	rFyyy-ÁARaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ehkžAjma	ei olevat ehkžAjnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
õóSIžxs	õóSIžxteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
süõžűmöp öma	süõžűmöp ön	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
yK'víFŋÁma	yK'víFŋÁd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
,áŋžrFima	ei olevat ,áŋžrFinudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
mAčgtema	on mAčgtetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
rõpauđma	ärgu rõpauđtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
ržóeús	ržóeústeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
őókfõ,Ájövn	őókfõ,Ájövnilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
óInFém	óInFémdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
áw-ŧä,k	áw-ŧä,kut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
,SRKŧópya	alu,SRKŧópyasid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
fmIső-a	fmIső-ad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
RdcSpí mgđö	RdcSpí mgđödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
rŋkC.vRgžm	rŋkC.vRgžmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
éF.rühä.ma	oled éF.rühä.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ex.zfpuma	ex.zfutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
imđ,äűA űiv	imđ,äűA űivalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ír ŋAóŧcjéma	ír ŋAóŧcjéke	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
IícAcbdőma	IícAcbdőavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
pá'lSMäAa	pá'lSMäAadesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ú.óőõéüđma	ei olevat ú.óőõéüđnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
xõ-bAngRma	xõ-bAngRsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
bz'üyikRŋs	bz'üyikRŋsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
cuitúxđn	cuitúxđnani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
iwcxoáRóűm	iwcxoáRóűmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
űvđÁzvema	ei ole űvđÁzvnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
éCcxSdzóma	ärgu olgu éCcxSdzótud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
đíxAkdágumma	đíxAkdágumkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
xmäuđúnóm	xmäuđúnómini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
nđämfFžsu	nđämfFžsud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
wns őčns	wns őčnstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
.vSédRx ma	.vSédRx n	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
AxMöyaiRi	AxMöyaiRini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
báaóáFšmu	báaóáFšmus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
žõk lžl.Ks	žõk lžl.Kssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
Mhõsbäne	Mhõsbästelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
RwtFijMpma	olete RwtFijMpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Fmőfđxxa	Fmőfđxxaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ržrög,főtama	ei ržrög,fő 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
'äxaóRma	'äxaóRsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
sI čeőčruan	sI čeőčruaneid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
KóRÁšäŋzcma	ärgu olgu KóRÁšäŋzcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
fka Ičäiis	fka Ičäikil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ŋSktűau	ŋSktűau	N;GEN;SG;estonian
rmčsüaúAjúma	ärgu olgu rmčsüaúAjúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
čóőnndűžma	olgu čóőnndűžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
xűŋSfSim	xűŋSfSimi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Mgäu gÁxtama	Mgäu gÁxdake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
äx'M,g,,čík	äx'M,g,,číku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
úMdzw,ma	ei oleks úMdzw,nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŋžmižima	olete ŋžmižinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
wF cMs	wF cMstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
yCyhmõ-Átima	ei yCyhmõ-Áitud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ráäfnxlf'ŋma	oleksime ráäfnxlf'ŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
űd' hama	űd' ha	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
AűzewlűIwMma	AűzewlűIwMsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
šnéyúopima	ära šnéyúoi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
uolgra	uolgraga	N;COM;SG;estonian
áđéISnšgema	ei áđéISnšhta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
Kfxzäm	Kfxzämdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
eöÁMbaö	eöÁMbaö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
r Faűma	ärgu olgu r Faűnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
užgűxÁiIer	užgűxÁiIer	N;NOM;SG;estonian
A-ysSna	A-ysSnata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
iŧhuSd'n	iŧhuSd'nil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ciüÁSma	ärgu ciüÁStagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
éjAúoőem	éjAúoőemdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Fč'ägma	oleksin Fč'ägnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
íhjcdžhú m	íhjcdžhú mdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
űűűdzáačrMma	űűűdzáačrMks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
I'ímkre	I'ímkre	N;NOM;SG;estonian
vođoöyšs	vođoöyšsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
nsžzŋrema	nsžzŋrdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
ümóCéds	ümóCédse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
e.hcäaíFu	e.hcäaíFu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
kRpsŧűm	kRpsŧűmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Mj-iema	ei ole Mj-ienudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
hvAööknűlm	hvAööknűlmitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
M Rob,óšma	ei M Rob,óštavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
íűučziduma	íűučzeob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
yétéAeCu	yétéAeCud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
hzIs-,mma	hzIs-,msime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
mđűasezõr	mđűasezõriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Fhz-đaúma	ei Fhz-đaútavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
A' Áexsztma	olevat A' Áexszetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
övjeŧms	övjeŧmstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
kfbxsMjygn	kfbxsMjygnid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
kújuéső- Fma	ei kújuéső- Fta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
bgsžene	bgsžestelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
 Rđó yRRš.u	 Rđó yRRš.ud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
g,í,ee'gne	g,í,ee'gsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
tbäóeuxõäüma	on tbäóeuxõäünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
SxxsčRnama	oleksime SxxsčRnanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
 dlábv	 dlábvatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
šKpíŋõRgama	šKpíŋõRatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
ŧgz hma	oleme ŧgz hnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
enfAnoMőma	oleme enfAnoMőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
 ,hhđm	 ,hhđmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
nourÁŋõis	nourÁŋõistele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
rŧkö i	rŧkö ideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
kAóä.m	kAóä.me	N;PRT;PL;estonian
dšđšcMunzma	dšđšcMunzaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
 lž.ívöfóu	 lž.ívöfóudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
vrüõőuRoma	vrüõőuRov	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
Ir IMrr	Ir IMrris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
xkuójám	xkuójámdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
 Rúhígmma	 Rúhígmn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
őxvŋzxn-bv	őxvŋzxn-bvate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ikh ál	ikh áleid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
oCõősjjAjsda	oCõősjjAjsjal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
öđúagóšma	ei olnud öđúagóšnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
jm'ndsSma	jm'ndsSnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
'žóöíma	ei olnud 'žóöínudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
f'oR-zivok	f'oR-zivokutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
aimgzÁÁéma	ärgu olgu aimgzÁÁénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
vmöMú.zm	vmöMú.zmita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
oetFApčslema	oetFApčsn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ŋmtäúbur	ŋmtäúbru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ŋõcáujčlema	oleme ŋõcáujčlenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
oFCträfer	oFCträfriks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
vxŋsÁdűInu	vxŋsÁdűInule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
yuóré ma	ärgu olgu yuóré tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
pkűŧ-ei éjma	oleksin pkűŧ-ei éjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
knKúemdm	knKúemdme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
fj'učÁe	fj'učÁedeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
õaűüüõđvKmv	õaűüüõđvKmvateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
úSbšlSÁátma	úSbšlSÁádaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
őmiwFüúIšma	oleksin őmiwFüúIšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
óMuKgđŋőcer	óMuKgđŋőcrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ICwÁ Fma	ICwÁ Fksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
'đždAűvđu	'đždAűvđudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Ác'p-ma	Ác'p-te	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
čyŧdša	čyŧdšates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
räepvma	oleksite räepvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Cđžđvűmfóyne	Cđžđvűmfóyses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
õnvčknčma	õnvčknčtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
wydwúfFu	wydwúfFuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
hűCSímŋíma	hűCSímŋíks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ŋöpFsžfe	ŋöpFsžfedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ÁóűxsrroMer	ÁóűxsrroMrist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
nmbKgđgkama	nmbKgđgake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ó õsÁama	ärgu ó õsÁagu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ű űčxma	oleme ű űčxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
kRpúu gAs	kRpúu gAstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
s,eŋšma	olid s,eŋšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
saRožwjlÁüv	saRožwjlÁüva	N;ACC;SG;estonian
óežŋuk	óežŋukuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
SlÁäÁyŋfok	SlÁäÁyŋfoku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
yžškd.SrRÁu	yžškd.SrRÁudega	N;COM;PL;estonian
v.ysűőFÁoma	v.ysűőFÁosime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
göA'pr	göA'priteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ozuKús	ozuKúste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
wi- fiSFa	wi- fiSFatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
tŧFŧygči	tŧFŧygčve	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
 Asküe	 Asküede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
uxšMAáaós	uxšMAáaóstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
hdMŋäClpšfma	ei oleks hdMŋäClpšftudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
nír,yel	nír,ylina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
áy.kéma	áy.kénud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
ošüSleKvéma	ärgem ošüSleKvégem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
x,ő.xőéóŋőma	x,ő.xőéóŋőksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ša,iŧno	ša,iŧnole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
AÁRágwgžki	AÁRágwgžkina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
őKŧi r	őKŧi ritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
fRKéIu	fRKéIudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
đbxtSáma	oleme đbxtSánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
đMte.ne	đMte.seks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
űucnbúg-äu	űucnbúg-äutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
žőMMádama	žőMMánakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
Sücfír	Sücfírisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
.őCA-űAžge	.őCA-űAžgetega	N;COM;PL;estonian
eđd õmŋgl	eđd õmŋglis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
AíčMŋma	AíčMŋnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
őč'iäõhtama	ei ole őč'iäõhdanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
IäMú,-őwnRnel	IäMú,-őwnRdlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
hegžéáCmer	hegžéáCmtraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
đMhxIgel	đMhxIgliteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Mö-Röópsu	Mö-Röópsul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
šCo'Kdüíoam	šCo'Kdüíoami	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ÁAha ŋma	ÁAha ŋtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
cöMCäö	cöMCäödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Rhõmxks	Rhõmxksteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
zõéžRkõma	ei zõéžRkõtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
raÁCIpls	raÁCIplstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
..SízKaűsŋdma	..SízKaűsŋne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
voxeFhsws	voxeFhswst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
RáoKzAdlema	ei oleks RáoKzAeldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
Cõőšw Imücma	Cõőšw Imückem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
uouíoáäíbk	uouíoáäíbku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ialóiuúma	olete ialóiuúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
näŧnKArékőó.ma	ärŧnKArékőó. nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
RpsčoCra	RpsčoCra	N;NOM;SG;estonian
tsžéŋA űcAma	ei tsžéŋA űcAvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
itčuR.u	itčuR.udeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
lMlRií Mer	lMlRií Mrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
däžray'Ine	däžray'Istega	N;COM;PL;estonian
.gjAzžfčs	.gjAzžfčstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
kKč'ugäíäs	kKč'ugäíäsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
dšd,fIxšfžr	dšd,fIxšfžrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
vž đöa	vž đöateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ő, cMMa	ő, cMMa	N;ACC;SG;estonian
čwfs fkgíma	ei čwfs fkgíta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
'c'CKőma	ära 'c'CKőe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
 đŋooŧú,m	 đŋooŧú,mina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
e tzõúõčäs	e tzõúõčäsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
höruie	höruiedena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Áueb zš'käma	oli Áueb zš'kätud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
M-iAzkdek.ma	M-iAzkdek.eksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
lűxkwđFma	lűxkwđFtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
dCöünlm	dCöünlmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ŧ,j Re	ŧ,j Rest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
mnšžröénema	läksnšžröéte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
FKáŋiűma	ärgu FKáŋiűgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
žiRtgvŧbe,ma	ei žiRtgvŧbe,taks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
y  Sálsür	y  Sálsür	N;NOM;SG;estonian
beapúma	beapún	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
l aMŧs	l aMŧsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
úúljüsl	úúljüsliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
vléxžen	aknvléxžs	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
sMóascma	olevat sMóasctud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
fõžíűam	fõžíűamid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
tRt Ažđ,m	tRt Ažđ,mi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
väCü'úõ,Amr	väCü'úõ,Amrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
mcóčwšzúer	mcóčwšzútrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
hošaéer	hošaérite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
,ljáésCma	,ljáésCvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
sc óečtwoma	ei sc óečtwotud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
üdnűgézKnm	üdnűgézKnmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
knč.pé,tõma	knč.pé,tõn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
KIuIčuröŋi	KIuIčuröŋid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
gčíúd dúok	gčíúd dúokutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
lIAMwŋRdma	lIAMwŋRetaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
c,õíkcjIŧe	c,õíkcjIŧedaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
irjzwIhu	irjzwIhuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kűŋááhõne	kűŋááhõsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
őfaxöfu	őfaxöfuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
kú o.er	kú o.riga	N;COM;SG;estonian
blmí b.'tma	blmí b.'date	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
yéyškšever	yéyškševrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
őpMwűäÁzča	őpMwűäÁzča	N;NOM;SG;estonian
xs,tműpzsma	ei ole xs,tműpzstudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
-jtewl	-jtewlast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Akeŋu.ffma	Akeŋu.ffte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Rmží,Súdbr	Rmží,Súdbritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
đdsbúÁIel	đdsbúÁIelatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
wđMõA fSl	wđMõA fSlita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
yžoi.m	yžoi.mi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
öiöõsÁŧrCm	öiöõsÁŧrCmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ygm-,pama	oli ygm-,atud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
km jaer	km jarit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Aá.lpéFkama	oleksite Aá.lpéFanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
tđŧtmfn sma	ärgu olgu tđŧtmfn snud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
rgkčdl	rgkčdli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
Rnbopŋbáđma	oleksin Rnbopŋbáđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
oh ű dŧ,ŋdima	oh ű dŧ,ŋnitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
éčg ihKslv	éčg ihKslvani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
.bíjkma	.bíjkks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ádiusrältama	ei olnud ádiusräldanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
őŧpCžöSa	őŧpCžöSadest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ŧjhy čád-.ne	ŧjhy čád-.stena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
rürsnCžbKõer	rürsnCžbKõrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ös.bŧma	olin ös.bŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
Áa,ršczuóm	Áa,ršczuómdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
rőpáIema	ärgu olgu rőpáIenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
b-áÁgós	b-áÁgósele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
.áŧzöps	.áŧzöpsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ŧ,hdFučüFs	ŧ,hdFučüFtest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ú ÁeáxA,dma	ú ÁeáxA,aksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
vüŋélbčma	ärgu olgu vüŋélbčnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
Cä'đšđöm e	Cä'đšđöm ed	N;PRT;SG;estonian
näféűšspa	näféűšspadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
'úFéhKá-iõma	oli 'úFéhKá-iõetud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
a cäúma	a cäútud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
kcožCFApu	kcožCFApu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŧäFvfma	ei olevat ŧäFvfnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
f,äbáxagk	f,äbáxagkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
üpKshFg'đMma	oleksime üpKshFg'đMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
íűóuóÁtma	ei olevat íűóuóÁetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
icdíđema	ärge icdíđge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ŧfúšjáMma	ei oleks ŧfúšjáMnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
žym-tn	žym-tndest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ÁRlŧđđrcne	ÁRlŧđđrcsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
őčRzRo'vsk	őčRzRo'vskute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
yžiwdma	yžiwddaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
rIiRbKzčrm	rIiRbKzčrmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
Ad-.im	Ad-.imdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
a-AIŧcžó Áne	a-AIŧcžó Ástelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
fčAžžRbifama	fčAžžRbifavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
I-A íma	I-A íd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ŧšrSu őne	ŧšrSu őstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
kxõgŋáv	kxõgŋávas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
čõsRzhčõzbk	čõsRzhčõzbkult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
jš.KK'uma	olin jš.KK'unud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
RüűčRma	ärgem RüűčRkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ó,lójíhRma	oleksin ó,lójíhRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
 x,FIfls	 x,FIflsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ybŋbúíŧ'une	ybŋbúíŧ'uste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ŋK-č,l	ŋK-č,lite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
SIKKAKõima	olevat SIKKAKõinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
bvphMma	bvphMge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
RtüFnöbe	RtüFnöpega	N;COM;SG;estonian
fíifKa. aŋn	fíifKa. aŋnina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
aŧerätA'ŋm	aŧerätA'ŋmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ój-jžíjywrk	ój-jžíjywrkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
á.üüzkama	ärgem á.üüzakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
mKyrzhmsRÁma	oleks mKyrzhmsRÁtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
vb'xiebapr	vb'xiebaprdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
õáIórÁt	õáIórÁtut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
š üÁkti	š üÁktiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
šwúóyMm	šwúóyMmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
yŧvxđwa	yŧvxđwates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
dlwjwne	dlwjwst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
tčAőíűIa	tčAőíűIateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
udnmd ÁIdAma	ärgu olgu udnmd ÁIdAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
SCkfKšõ-m	SCkfKšõ-mil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
lágsp,Rma	lágsp,Rtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
íŋ'IwxIMéma	olite íŋ'IwxIMénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
nőK-Kávždhma	oleks nőK-Kávždhetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ozfŋtbŧlma	ozfŋtbŧld	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
Chvfžkŧha	Chvfžkŧhad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
xőceežoéätama	ära xőceežoéäta	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
éđKpúŋŋs	éđKpúŋŋseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
kkopSChk	kkopSChkul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
uSx,ŧjáÁa	uSx,ŧjáÁa	V;NFIN;estonian
yÁCk yma	ei oleks yÁCk ynudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
rCic koSük	rCic koSükut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
dg,ő' Kxe	dg,ő' Kxede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
u kŧéáŧma	u kŧéáŧku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
urőúrké-Aer	urőúrké-Arini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
űŋmjídIfma	oleksite űŋmjídIfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
yđnõws	yđnõwste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
 lidpi-nu	 lidpi-nuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
.óKlKhr	.óKlKhrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
aóssoFőkas	aóssoFők	N;NOM;SG;estonian
űályÁRkúAs	űályÁRkúAd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
MvKüdsŋóhbama	olgu MvKüdsŋóhmanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
I rpőožčx a	I rpőožčx alt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Rxgwõ,ös	Rxgwõ,östega	N;COM;PL;estonian
,-Aj.päka	,-Aj.päkadeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
RShüwü	RShüwüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
žknk'twma	on žknk'twnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
teaM.m	teaM.mdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ekuvđf dcma	ei ekuvđf dcta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
áxh,MáAFfúl	áxh,MáAFfúli	N;GEN;SG;estonian
FáočéöeACvu	FáočéöeACvu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ŋA Á-hCõRma	ŋA Á-hCõRtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
pnõűmúöexym	pnõűmúöexym	N;NOM;SG;estonian
rűde mÁCi	rűde mÁCide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
,ilkIäu	,ilkIäude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
jűűžníuba	jűűžníoalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
oúI.pu	oúI.pu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
é c c.cáma	é c c.cákem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
c pücržév	c pücržévatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ŧöx.Aüöps	ŧöx.Aüöpse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
jFoŧzk	jFoŧzkutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
zämtMnp	zämtMnpite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
SMŧfÁibkama	SMŧfÁibaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
űhFSr-a	űhFSr-ast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
đđõiligima	đđõiliitav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ŧsuőcőäyma	ei olevat ŧsuőcőäytudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ušcljma	oleksin ušcljnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
őghõőweema	ei olevat őghõőwenudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
đ'tIdwRlgone	đ'tIdwRlgosele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧKŧCocéályma	ŧKŧCocéálysime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
-CccSüöäpŧn	-CccSüöäpŧni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
tyá rs	tyá rses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
 Múo-r	 Múo-ritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
šű hMügema	šű hMühtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
gűrcbsÁšűma	gűrcbsÁšűvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
wúüceéžüma	wúüceéžüsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
fáóvgma	fáóvgv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
đCs-tma	oleme đCs-tnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
õg.thIzcškima	oli õg.thIzcšitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
nvaŧbđ.űyik	nvaŧbđ.űyikesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
.lFj šrevne	.lFj šrevstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
äwC--ídSvša	äwC--ídSvšaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
uóeAbzm	uóeAbzmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ž,MSčaórzgema	ž,MSčaórzete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ehhtáhöma	ehhtáhöksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
uõžRogby čma	ei uõžRogby čta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
pddúim	pddúimist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
uhwxR.ísänma	uhwxR.ísänte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
b.ydööülu	b.ydööüludesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
šKőatn	šKőatnit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
 áxúzk	 áxúzkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ü tvsRp'Ávma	on ü tvsRp'Ávnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
é.wzäbm	é.wzäbmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
éŧFüőxü	éŧFüőxüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
K'M'Kma	ärgu K'M'Kgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
đ-gŧšym	đ-gŧšymdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
fFtmAőój,m	fFtmAőój,mdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
xigéyIxlđma	olite xigéyIxlđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
xmäCyÁta	xmäCyÁta	V;NFIN;estonian
õMA mma	õMA mtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ofaŋoéer	ofaŋoéertes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
 mhõRosi.éi	 mhõRosi.éist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
AAbečúma	olevat AAbečútud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
Cčsgv,rőÁéma	Cčsgv,rőÁév	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
ŧŧmwrh'zFpema	olite ŧŧmwrh'zFpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
rni.cIščer	rni.cIščriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
acđŧ'eđyema	acđŧ'eđygu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
t,đs'őkr	t,đs'őkr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
učéll uöks	učéll uöksse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
űIncõRa	űIncõRad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
Cijf-s	Cijf-t	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ukxúž-oss	ukxúž-ossed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
iÁ,zšne	iÁ,zšstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
y-nFõüđu	y-nFõüđuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
-Swúöma	ei oleks -Swúönudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
xjđváúk	xjđváúkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
eoü,đma	eoü,đtaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
ooméSzovs	ooméSzovsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
gI'óIma	ärgu gI'óItagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
kilčűrŋKdCtima	ärgu olgu kilčűrŋKdCitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
döFöhm	döFöhme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
S ,Ccp'Mstma	olgu S ,Ccp'Mstnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
üKü'ŋdma	on üKü'ŋdtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
e'õűhl,oma	ei e'õűhl,otavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ijó wgRú-ma	ei oleks ijó wgRú-nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
vFíMas	vFíMaste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ŧč,CaRu	ŧč,CaRudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
đgh'aCer	đgh'aCritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
õsv'kdgčcmma	õsv'kdgčcmb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
űAfrŋjdMne	űAfrŋjdMstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
lCđáFdđóza	lCđáFdđózad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
x.g'rFđó'đma	x.g'rFđó'đn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
wAáfMCCur	wAáfMCCrul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
nsóuFcier	nsóuFciriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
wöAS'''u	wöAS'''uta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
bő''ósówõÁma	bő''ósówõÁksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
CgpSrdóõvr	CgpSrdóõvriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
xFFŧnä,đr	xFFŧnä,đrteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Áíxpőú yhAma	Áíxpőú yhAge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
IoRwšKíMa	IoRwšKíMate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
íwz-xdšMéRm	íwz-xdšMéRmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
äravvfuk	äravvfukutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
FCőzedgn	FCőzedgniks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
íFpkžsŋma	íFpkžsŋvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
Fx töapŧgmm	Fx töapŧgmmitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ÁRF,iwi	ÁRF,iwidelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
áIđüzMr	áIđüzMrdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
KknŋŧhKM,s	KknŋŧhKM,ses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
gõmčKäžSma	ärgu olgu gõmčKäžSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
iűcbžuIvgma	ei iűcbžuIvgtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
đúvđhíõäma	on đúvđhíõätud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
đőpádéhäp'ma	oli đőpádéhäp'tud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
cášcK.adšma	oleksite cášcK.adšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŋkFőolRóCs	ŋkFőolRóCsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
SxÁxépŋpma	olin SxÁxépŋpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
dFICpma	ärgu dFICpgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
CőRixz ma	on CőRixz nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
gSdá.za	gSdá.za	V;NFIN;estonian
ŋ Iilíne	ŋ Iilísest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
cypuam	cypuamina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ícnlófbjma	olin ícnlófbjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
nišč .ŧh,ia	nišč .ŧh,ie	N;PRT;PL;estonian
őzIfél	őzIfélist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
galjđzSF.vs	galjđzSF.vsateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mčőŧ.ŧ-ema	olen läčőŧ.ŧ-ud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
űf ,Ák	űf ,Ákuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
tkms.ma	tkms.gu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ŋäviénxima	olite ŋäviénxinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
đÁđmcvne	đÁđmcvsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
v o. Sma	ärgu v o. Sgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
űyö'dSma	ärgu űyö'dSgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
čIŋuvC-ma	čIŋuvC-site	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
šávőFíama	šávőFías	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ÁSášŧv'umr	ÁSášŧv'umratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
xžK'drárkáma	xžK'drárkásin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
õhäRoüm	õhäRoümisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
hwúí  đmma	oleksime hwúí  đmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ž,Á-myžlŋma	ei ž,Á-myžlŋtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
č ióšma	oleksite č ióšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
aMfägsk	aMfägskutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ždšzíáa	ždšzíáa	V;NFIN;estonian
-ö-ftkima	oleks -ö-ftitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
iodeRócák	iodeRócákute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
šíjyőúSm	šíjyőúSmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ű pMtma	on ű pMtnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Icõobuel	Icõobulile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
jkíűjúčdima	jkíűjúčnin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
láÁFfžÁ.äSu	láÁFfžÁ.äSusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
égucŧíšs	égucŧíšselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
meúvF.m	meúvF.mal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
FűőnIävzMma	oleksite FűőnIävzMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
átõ káj'ma	átõ káj'd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ajksReävša	ajksReävša	N;NOM;SG;estonian
šosjŋama	ära šosjŋa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
bjizw.úopne	bjizw.úopsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
-űä šosbysma	-űä šosbysvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
óuöčoChéma	óuöčoChévad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
wmäšűdn	wmäšűdnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
tőpšFbma	tőpšFbks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
z-swvđgma	ärge z-swvđgke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
cpíbőum	cpíbőum	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ázcja-s	ázcja-stest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
õáõnmm	õáõnmmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
'Füđŧŋlzma	'Füđŧŋlzd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
é.íű,cr	é.íű,crani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
IerFsIšlŋu	IerFsIšlŋudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
RAr Kužma	ei oleks RAr Kužnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
bKdFKuf,xün	bKdFKuf,xünist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
fivxü,rhma	ärgu fivxü,rhgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ÁcwíRŋyörma	oleme ÁcwíRŋyörnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
göCađu	göCađudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ftseúŧpvr	ftseúŧpvratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
õwõűuama	olite õwõűuanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 včvŧéIuv	 včvŧéIuv	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ä n'põMKne	ä n'põMKstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
  üöõama	ei   üöõaks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
xlűhőmcma	xlűhőmcks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
óoÁnŧfÁk	óoÁnŧfÁkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
uKäkašűäne	uKäkašűästest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
zóKäCksFFšu	zóKäCksFFšude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
žxRhlčIadma	žxRhlčIanaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
-ŧűAdéIRbel	-ŧűAdéIRblitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
RtešžšntFFm	RtešžšntFFmitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
őíöčŧžduŧma	ärgu őíöčŧžduŧgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ŋ,tyIša ma	olgu ŋ,tyIša nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
R.cphSõ'I.e	R.cphSõ'I.eseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
üfSzvsi	üfSzvtena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
űhdáSđŋŧma	ei űhdáSđŋŧtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
xph-üdtma	oleks xph-üddetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
.'Smõe	.'Smõe	N;NOM;SG;estonian
R CnuoI ű,ma	ärge R CnuoI ű,ge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ržK.FõSIér	ržK.FõSIérdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Amx.uőluu	Amx.uőluuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
nlŧrfne	nlŧrfstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
eÁáSúer	eÁáSúritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
bõű'j,öŋe	bõű'j,öŋedatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
FcőwzSŋíčs	FcőwzSŋíčd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
pgSčőőSa m	pgSčőőSa mi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
čAIŋõwžiéđs	čAIŋõwžiéđstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
-düIRŋRm	-düIRŋRmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
jaoRp.Fül	jaoRp.Fül	N;NOM;SG;estonian
züKhmwene	züKhmweseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
úAr,zmč'düma	úAr,zmč'düte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ŋŋxyo .ln	ŋŋxyo .lnaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ÁöIcüxčö	ÁöIcüxčöle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
o äM üšüyma	o äM üšüytavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
gyájKm	gyájKmitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
FbđšsChäbbma	FbđšsChäbbsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
d.üRdma	oleksite d.üRdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ycüü.g ŧče	ycüü.g ŧčre	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
xpađsóŋbtma	ei oleks xpađsóŋbdetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
Fudsr.öéma	Fudsr.öégem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
M'KcgAíčma	on M'KcgAíčnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
oMőwcma	oMőwcte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
rŧIáIžŋÁädma	rŧIáIžŋÁära	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
xiirRréisma	oleme xiirRréisnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
vű õéížköor	vű õéížköorile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ž Séstma	ei oleks ž Séstnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
FFMtyáda	FFMtyájale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
KsnMájúcne	KsnMájúcsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ywnSSõévu	ywnSSõévusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋbáeäđŧŋočma	olite ŋbáeäđŧŋočnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ü,gŋCđKM,ma	ü,gŋCđKM,tagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
pŧnú-äs	pŧnú-ästeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
KAuRsgőnös	KAuRsgőnöte	N;GEN;PL;estonian
y.ŧ ls	y.ŧ lseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
öürztutma	oleksite öürztutnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
i SčthIwgyma	olgu i SčthIwgynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
yRiwxxfõxou	yRiwxxfõxoul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
űzšzwma	űzšzwsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ŧCđhd,aer	ŧCđhd,aris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
čifÁüu	čifÁüud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
söžaApmjŋÁtama	ärgu olgu söžaApmjŋÁdatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
KCűihŧr su	KCűihŧr susse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
r újÁsnawm	r újÁsnawmi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
éöjémbnstma	éöjémbnsdetakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
 iögÁv.ä.ma	 iögÁv.ä.site	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
.íáÁCyŋõkel	.íáÁCyŋõklatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
AđdšéŧIõfm	AđdšéŧIõfmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
CoR'As	CoR'Asega	N;COM;SG;estonian
íwf'žc'tma	íwf'žc'tsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
áđMnCÁáma	áđMnCÁátud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
Kebđzma	Kebđzsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
f Fppu	f Fppust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
uAaúžúFdma	uAaúžúFds	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
u fü i	u fü iga	N;COM;SG;estonian
pS-l đgKKk	pS-l đgKKkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
 xđM öiÁma	ei  xđM öiÁa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
áááőúõšslema	ei áááőúõšsletaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
ŋyéŧpa	ŋyéŧpadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
úfokőma	ei oleks úfokődudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
žrhtKf.cu	žrhtKf.cuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
c'űžgS sma	c'űžgS sksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
čpv,üama	ei čpv,üa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
,mocčsi	,mocčeks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đitüSxhžšdlema	oleks đitüSxhžšeldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
cÁ, l kma	cÁ, l kn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
t,,öIma	t,,öIti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
j'hđ-žax Cs	j'hđ-žax Cseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
gíöS-ysge	gíöS-yskme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ŋg'Aca	ŋg'Acast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
vCÁKym	vCÁKyme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
Rpüüdrtőru	Rpüüdrtőrudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
šk,öóčäm	šk,öóčämiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
öpxFlozüyűr	öpxFlozüyűr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
éóna,jŧma	éóna,jŧksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
v-čFŧőeebŋma	v-čFŧőeebŋtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
dzc.áÁöSrätma	dzc.áÁöSrädavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
IRÁ Fa	IRÁ Faks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
tFiuzšMõsüm	tFiuzšMõsümdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
C, SčšCoőđu	C, SčšCoőđu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ecađpzuz,ma	ecađpzuz,ge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
IŋpüíűiüäIv	IŋpüíűiüäIvaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
KóslűFma	ärgem KóslűFgem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
šúžFS'hf-ma	šúžFS'hf-sin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
cgköüdmv	cgköüdmval	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
íp-gKuŋma	ärgu íp-gKuŋku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
sšz Im	sšz Imdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
 lIíúäs	 lIíúäseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
éd--whvõ-ta	éd--whvõ-tast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
íŧősűfúáRv	íŧősűfúáRvaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
váptltma	váptldaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ž-mlz-krüAs	ž-mlz-krüAle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
inaíFzKun	inaíFzKunitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
zSwűurm	zSwűurmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
otúlüõ.őIma	ei oleks otúlüõ.őItudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
é.if.tjjAgama	ärgu é.if.tjjAatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
Išsépler	Išséplrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öökđMšäcéba	öögđMšäcébe	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
žtŋkfnóma	žtŋkfnótagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
wjSkŋyma	olete wjSkŋynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
pŋMÁjäm	pŋMÁjämdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
MŋIžucőma	MŋIžucőksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
CS.jelív'k	CS.jelív'kutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
,eöüvfhIbu	,eöüvfhIbule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
A'đpSma	A'đpSks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ŋKšü.eFs	ŋKšü.eFseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
őAöuówmma	oleme őAöuówmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
tpdlűne	tpdlűstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
uúIwžmtma	ärgu uúIwžmtetagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
őgõő-m	őgõő-mdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
RKúőríRel	RKúőríRliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
vzú-čžbama	vzú-čžmanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
mäkefdek	mäkefdekuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
  ŋiéöčüm	  ŋiéöčümiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
vmoš ma	vmoš tagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
jhžÁ-žfrÁe	jhžÁ-žfrÁedest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
žs.Ača	žs.Ačadele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
eg,žč ma	on eg,žč nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
nžfÁ hdü-ma	ärgu nžfÁ hdü-gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
 sžFrim	 sžFrimile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
tbÁgnMwAíima	olite tbÁgnMwAíinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
dc-lus gr	dc-lus gris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Iuűbŋđcxlma	Iuűbŋđcxla	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
üõüKe,MÁdma	olevat üõüKe,MÁetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
áőüríõgma	áőüríõgtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
éjžiy'ma	oled éjžiy'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
äížžú ókma	ei olnud äížžú óknudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
CCacyšRma	oleks CCacyšRtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ž,i,Ilwőma	ärgu ž,i,Ilwőgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
'unffydma	ei 'unffyra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
gddipu	gddipudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ábérõűm	ábérõűmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
cnéösšma	ärgu olgu cnéösšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ét.íSFúđma	ét.íSFúđb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
đxSđz,dma	đxSđz,dksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
'í-õõjáúba	'í-õõjáúppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋ,vSg--ma	ei olnud ŋ,vSg--nudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ŋIMyčkm	ŋIMyčkmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Koí uxŋédõma	Koí uxŋédõvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
úxtnyvtuma	úxtnyvutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
yšRdŋŧá bns	yšRdŋŧá bnseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
'ááŧäíošmtama	on 'ááŧäíošmdanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
irešFjdma	ei ole irešFjetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
úx,'Áüöma	úx,'Áüöv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
wa  Áŧé.Kfi	wa  Áŧé.Kfid	N;PRT;SG;estonian
dú ődás	dú ődásest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
IjäMsrftwma	ei olevat IjäMsrftwnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
äűümđInnhl	äűümđInnhldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
CyücyRdama	CyücyRjaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
đ.dMpmy-sslema	olevat đ.dMpmy-sselnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
öowíbáCIõs	öowíbáCIõstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
úuwSter	úuwStri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
f ábnoa	f ábnoateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
MRúnčSAma	ärgu olgu MRúnčSAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
đetž oya	đetž oyáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
l.jšbžöyüfs	l.jšbžöyüfsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 lbžss	 lbžssokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
iűw éKäó	iűw éKäón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
hžíšč'žčs	hžíšč'žčsökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
 ocjäRSšAb	 ocjäRSšAb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
IžSčFinn	IžSčFinnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋtõyčzn	ŋtõyčznoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
öeÁzoíFéa	öeÁzoíFéától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
yMü-bl	yMü-blja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
tAÁdrn	tAÁdrnokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
útvmÁsÁeul	útvmÁsÁeultatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
 Ad.sŋk	 Ad.sŋkakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
víCgšóowó	víCgšóowót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
KrnMjŋs	KrnMjŋsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
tžjöry	tžjöryekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
üIncsAj	üIncsAjakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
shrCöxš,űt	shrCöxš,űthöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
p,äeöžcs	p,äeöžcsakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
hv.uC'cd	hv.uC'cddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
KičkúcAÁv't	KičkúcAÁv'tokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
đwrŧušg	đwrŧušgot	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
őrCvčđs	őrCvčđsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
MhäsÁhõxs	MhäsÁhõxsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
t,ívöčkAel	t,ívöčkAelök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
Iőűškbm	Iőűškbmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
áyMšmdne	áyMšmdnékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
 nII.lwčpbg	 nII.lwčpbggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
AwŧKíúz	AwŧKíúznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
 glõföRzdem	 glõföRzdmeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
k mpűžó	k mpűžókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
RoIõä õíüz	RoIõä õíüzna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
aŧ kbe	aŧ kbénél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
lxlyúđa	lxlyúđákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
opnžnzič't	opnžnzič'tette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
úísŧaba	úísŧabáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
űmšwŋkämSFn	űmšwŋkämSFnekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
wözIlra	wözIlrákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
šõirüđza	šõirüđzáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
.u.iáíSícši	.u.iáíSícšikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ú, dhxsb	ú, dhxsbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
őxúeűiđl	őxúeűiđlottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
eAlgóSa	eAlgóSákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
janmšjs	janmšjsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
bjxóšCibl	bjxóšCiblunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
ő cäŧóükhjz	ő cäŧóükhjzett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
ÁrMŧőía	ÁrMŧőíáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
őűFčgiM	őűFčgiM-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋ'í pjfn	ŋ'í pjfnig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
IfžáKSŧózt	IfžáKSŧóztoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
írctóvsít	írctóvsítasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
dSsíikő	dSsíikövekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
hciiržõõxl	hciiržõõxlet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
mf-udn	mf-udnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ÁFCtčdv	ÁFCtčdvektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Rűdčšíyr	Rűdčšíyrig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
gSb.AK.l	gSb.AK.lokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ÁvKgRSckör	ÁvKgRSckörként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
.käsCMz	.käsCMznátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
áRÁkKég	áRÁkKégnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
'v'bőSs	'v'bőSsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
üntáuvSÁó	üntáuvSÁókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
õboKsyišöa	õboKsyišöaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
v ŋ'fÁÁrk	v ŋ'fÁÁrkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ik xfál	ik xfálből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
žcfgM,t	žcfgM,tva	V.CVB;hungarian
möcŋfšöMäl	möcŋfšöMälni	V;NFIN;hungarian
úéošCõm	úéošCõmba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
óS-üüa,n	óS-üüa,nokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ánŧAeFg	ánŧAeFgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
szS'žúpgjr	szS'žúpgjrakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ök-mžr	ök-mžrökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
öh,R'Kvüaät	öh,R'Kvüaättól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
öéyin-äIő	öéyin-äIőként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
oúmőn,uns	oúmőn,unsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
őSäRjvõórt	őSäRjvõórtottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
úórvžó,t	úórvžó,tené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
éänxvjžve	éänxvjžvével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
őőztxõús	őőztxõúsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Sí-Id.cÁ es	Sí-Id.cÁ esen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
dImyčjnv	dImyčjnvba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧAÁCFšbcd	ŧAÁCFšbcdra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
õaõű'ŧofjbk	õaõű'ŧofjbkra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
űMRíMő	űMRíMőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
kzzdvna	kzzdvnától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ÁjheaAzđós	ÁjheaAzđósekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
d.SóáíRzs-i	d.SóáíRzs-it	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
áwMwx.Fõt	áwMwx.Fõtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
obÁkrŧnxáms	obÁkrŧnxámst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
žFóesžőíő	žFóesžőíőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
CcúRõ,búg	CcúRõ,búg-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
váMéuÁeb	váMéuÁebhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ar .ŋ z	ar .ŋ zen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
déRäcwfszláv	singuRäcwfar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
itéFžsűčCl	itéFžsűčClnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
- -akäl	- -akältek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
úSüöj'hcbs	úSüöj'hcbsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
n.öŧóáón	n.öŧóáónekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gyécŋe äőšőladás	singécŋe äőšőar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ŧÁašCf'őÁt	ŧÁašCf'őÁttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
uark üúõz	uark üúõzokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
šdúöršr	šdúöršrekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
úÁteé cb sl	úÁteé cb slják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
R'akpaös	R'akpaösokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
'šõp-e	'šõp-ék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋédt úóocs	ŋédt úócsokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
FRomö đúa	FRomö đúához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
žwbűägl	žwbűägljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
öFój'Kó	öFój'Kókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
đűŋghäd	đűŋghädekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
žylMbsMe	žylMbsMeként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
zKjtüxzb	zKjtüxzbtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
hóíRršr	hóíRršrekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
jzMura	jzMurákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
x,-sŋhAnwd	x,-sŋhAnwdtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
mkgŋatđol	mkgŋatđlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
onfh-Fpik	onfh-Fpja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
ordÁlmfõun	ordÁlmfõunokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kKwnÁöõóIín	sKwnÁöõóIingular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
yöe'MúRč-üő	yöe'MúRč-üőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
cg vKŋkió	cg vKŋkióból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
o'đfŧt	o'đfŧtekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
, lŋhRúb	, lŋhRúbra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
hűű-őől	hűű-őőltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
-Mä ŋcbdfCl	-Mä ŋcbdfClunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
očReöt	očReötitek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
uáCcőluaxzl	uáCcőluaxzljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
tž,Káa	tž,Káákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ü íõiáó	ü íõiáókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
SweFoŧuMFFb	SweFoŧuMFFbként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
géűülŧas	géűülŧast	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
jMf lõacgs	jMf lõacgsokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
IúíSxŧfw	IúíSxŧfw-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
õjcÁŧl	õjcÁŧlnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
MfčM'őva	MfčM'ővákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
'ŋäSágps	'ŋäSágpshöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
hjAváak	hjAváakból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
mõsxűéŋnča	mõsxűéŋnčáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
sš,đ MFéKi	sš,đ MFéKitól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
đd üžSls	đd üžSls	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
KcfFgníf s	KcfFgníf sok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
.th'oa	.th'oákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Rdüt.'Rl	Rdüt.'Rlják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
äsdInžzs	äsdInžzson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
xcöőaiesg	xcöőaiesgok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
üfémháa	üfémháákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
u-m irlÁi	u-m irlÁiben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
SCeódŋÁs	SCeódŋÁsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
dőt'pvklÁb	dőt'pvklÁbakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
b- ygex'r	b- ygex'rról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
đeF.önöwácő	đeF.önöwácőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ä,úiáčče	ä,úiáččékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ä-šcčtzŋj k	ä-šcčtzŋj kekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
h hgrRs	h hgrRsokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
aSxg..'Ffõs	aSxg..'Ffõsakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
MhiSCFa	MhiSCFára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
énűŧáF ő,äj	énűŧáF ő,äjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
aRüuđ.xđAúr	aRüuđ.xđAúrba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
žóoKyđpca	žóoKyđpcákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
miIáŧlíb	miIáŧlíbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
 -eažaI p	 -eažaI pekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ppŋfüó oRuy	ppŋfüó oRunyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
đú-õMgpéó	đú-õMgpéóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
.šCđnKgčg	.šCđnKgčgokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
áISKfAä s	áISKfAä sakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
lübMdFtyCi	lübMdFtyCikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
wycFbúpit	wycFbúpitetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
čMRIMó	čMRIMókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
iešprát	iešprásse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
óAt'ztéé-e	óAt'ztéé-ékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
vsáynn	vsáynnokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
pCíMgjms	pCíMgjmsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
fFhéđa	fFhéđákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
wKúúűás	wKúúűásokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
đšSejúe  Án	đšSejúe  Ánokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
.sAntSh-l	.sAntSh-lunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
úőjžel	úőjžellá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
yéRS-wMiMói	yéRS-wMiMóin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,äőđčl	,äőđčlnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
 õne'yMót	 õne'yMótené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
.ŋpsxŧoKüez	.ŋpsxŧoKüeznétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
,p.yRlis	,p.yRlisekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
äőbäuõz	äőbäuõzzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
đeFžkg	đeFžkg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
RárKzl	RárKzleknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧé ethüđa	ŧé ethüđával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
gišgőücőaő	gišgőücőaők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
-čMŧoyem	-čMŧoyemeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Mpswšg	Mpswšgekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
tiõKFcgđjÁe	tiõKFcgđjÁék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
üsŧđkmorđs	üsŧđkmorđsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
áäArÁi	áäArÁiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
,mIíún	,mIíúnt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
v-dž ŧi	v-dž ŧit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
žöwőis	žöwőisakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
íŋŧđK.	íŋŧđK.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
.dMõ.lóCiz	.dMõ.lóCiznék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
RűÁs'úuyy	RűÁs'úuyyhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
lwthniz	lwthnizban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
műCIKúFwn	műCIKúFwnekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
šbÁ-nür'ó	šbÁ-nür'ókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŋöaoäđús	ŋöaoäđúsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
-rmdčvnčza	-rmdčvnčzáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cikŋF-Igŧföen	cycŋF-Igŧföenokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
cyRMän	cyRMänokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
íÁRüxőneűs	íÁRüxőneűsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
-pRSks	-pRSksokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
õžhžFCj	õžhžFCjért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
zkúbÁi	zkúbÁin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
RyobáReht	RyobáRehtenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
šFKsozver	šFKsozverekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
lévžüb	lévžübaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋđxéŋjs	ŋđxéŋjsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
-RuúMót	-RuúMótoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ö.rhíia	ö.rhíiánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
xŋikõtl	xŋikõtlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
sAóačK.F,ŋs	sAóačK.F,ŋseknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
e vö,-šűčp	e vö,-šűčpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 wyušxníRr	 wyušxníRrnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
-éfRõŧa	-éfRõŧákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
őídpÁer	őídpÁerban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
nwRíoaüöáa	nwRíoaüöáaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
évx-žči	évx-žči	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
aógűjg	aógűjg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
IRoFFőjxy	IRoFFőjxyekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
I M'däó	I M'däóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
c áŋpe	c áŋpén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Á' -ŋt	Á' -ŋtokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
í.c oóut	í.c oóutó	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
rí-líéb	rí-líébektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
riüäžnuuŋgj	riüäžnuuŋgjnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ms Rfpt	ms Rfptsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
đüd člr	đüd člrték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
ujzKMsa	ujzKMsáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
M Fu Cüörs	M Fu Cüörsekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
zFFđíRvz	zFFđíRvzekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
n R úuísKt	n R úuísKtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
wx ozöÁcxy	wx ozöÁcxyhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
zŧhéöCC Cjl	zŧhéöCC Cjlták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
őõcfzbcz	őõcfzbczekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
sjríu voky	sjríu voky	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
sõ őtÁl	sõ őtÁlnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
SÁSzCr	SÁSzCrekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
réõA.-čgAđi	réõA.-čgAđiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
hmbgüék	hmbgüékokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
sFä-g-Rűáua	sFä-g-Rűáuákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Ákö õs	Ákö õsokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
sFxxIfđrg	sFxxIfđrgtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
gmšđ ű-Ir	gmšđ ű-Irból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
jő,bréuz	jő,bréuzottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
pcdrzőáKšl	pcdrzőáKšljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
gpmgpéžšlló	gpmgpéžšllóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ö-ugogpŋwez	ö-ugogpŋwezekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
 űKŋč'npn	 űKŋč'npnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
űSácöžsÁa	űSácöžsÁáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
t ž-ŋ.s	t ž-ŋ.sakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Á ŧlbučés	Á ŧlbučésekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
úndŧđi	úndŧđiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ó'hyáy	ó'hyáyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ŋgökwSAl	ŋgökwSAljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ktzäáuóõm	ktzäáuóõmtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
öÁxgólcxea	öÁxgólcxeára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
óbäčlAbõCyg	óbäčlAbõCygokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
v'öwí'x,xa	v'öwí'x,xától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
íyuMű,IIsžn	íyuMű,IIsžnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
eokRwõmée	eokRwõméétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
žxMđÁ äžxa	žxMđÁ äžxává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
őöcwõtüMua	őöcwõtüMuákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
-yCÁésúáv	-yCÁésúávben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
mžytüaó	mžytüaókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
és- .lACrz	és- .lACrznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
áIöÁóőehl	áIöÁóőehlje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
cžžcől	cžžcőlj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ynóvđíűl	ynóvđíűltam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
lčúIÁgIl	lčúIÁgIlnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
hCpž'dla	hCpž'dlákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
űwK'õkp	űwK'õkpeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
éüS .Ah Aoő	éüS .Ah Aoőből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
óArMsr	óArMsrokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
SÁdžxc'Aap	SÁdžxc'Aapeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ŧx ,bm	ŧx ,bmról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
íizõRóSi	íizõRóSi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
gÁ lžRögäi	gÁ lžRögäiakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
őCF,wxfa	őCF,wxfáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
čSfč,Ctsű	čSfč,Ctsűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
bMđaűA Iäxy	bMđaűA Iäxyet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
gŋp,CIőpuSa	gŋp,CIőpuSákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
x,ŧfAFt	x,ŧfAFtek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmiríévđigy	pluríévđal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
zSsž yóíAa	zSsž yóíAává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
.éphct	.éphctendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
pmé,úüó	pmé,úüóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
K gáRi	K gáRikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
pjfbpđyzz	pjfbpđyzznénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
ÁRtö öčüđs	ÁRtö öčüđsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 äž-mrüs	 äž-mrüst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
őkvvxíbzõfa	őkvvxíbzõfáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
jKőčRy	jKőčRyen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
š zlŋb	š zlŋbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
đu,bcú ó	đu,bcú ókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
yluõõvs	yluõõvshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
'Klöđjijcr	'Klöđjijcrokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
yAkgprõxFűn	yAkgprõxFűnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
õđyácđüzs	õđyácđüzs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
axMFaa	axMFaára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
xSÁmkIh,őRd	xSÁmkIh,őRdként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
äbwtéaxüKay	äbwtéaxüKayt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
.őFFőCaűzói	.őFFőCaűzóikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
'szcSő	'szcSőkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
CžIMääi	CžIMääi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
öSúyŋfŧom	öSúyŋfŧmakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
űía,zr	űía,zrekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
.MciyMinö p	.MciyMinö pba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
iüonmÁ-ei	iüonmÁ-eiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
yptyč bpbfa	yptyč bpbfákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
KúmiCól	KúmiCólnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ŋšíymn	ŋšíymnekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
oúšefŧ.lSó	oúšefŧ.lSóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧláčőa	ŧláčőának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
őŧFdhíóčbxy	őŧFdhíóčbxyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
oeAfFč.l	oeAfFč.lnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
egKáäó	egKáäókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
űóõAyõy.őny	űóõAyõy.őngyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
lóedáss	lóedássekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
.akőőgég	.akőőgégekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
đlõ' ybüčrs	đlõ' ybüčrsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
äóifRIwt	äóifRIwttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Á,lšpsőg	Á,lšpsőgekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
réüeRz	réüeRzban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
-ag õjcd	-ag õjcdig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
űősRFy td	űősRFy tdokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
šóÁueoüAy	šóÁueoüAy	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
sőpfKäa	sőpfKäában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
w aMílzAéŋz	w aMílzAéŋzig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
õšmeö'pMŧáj	õšmeö'pMŧájokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
k-sg,féég	k-sg,féégnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ž-ÁIŧMŋm	ž-ÁIŧMŋmről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
emólzb	emólzbbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
óuõüiMxőó	óuõüiMxőón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
zf jrt	zf jrtekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
lsCgžšs	lsCgžšsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
đóš.réCps	đóš.réCpsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
jŋ núRoóMsz	jŋ núRoóMszként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ö äűjdAmct	ö äűjdAmctért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
kkgFzrúya z	kkgFzrúya zzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
tč,š C,sa	tč,š C,sákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
pđžlõjőűws	pđžlõjőűwsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧípödwp	ŧípödwpnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
MömfüšIón	MömfüšIóntól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
jlbj,.bCaoó	jlbj,.bCaoókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
énmnŋkõmzón	énmnŋkõmzónra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
jC u.ír	jC u.írokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
x.žFCäfs	x.žFCäfsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ž  áíKvCpn	ž  áíKvCpnök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
glwõđóuwzil	glwõđóuwziljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
õMdűlg	õMdűlgnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
bÁofj'M i	bÁofj'M iakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
nRúIor	nRúIoröktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
üúCnMűäg	üúCnMűägoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Idwšémó	Idwšémókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
éüfCre	éüfCrén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
yföaü.ó	yföaü.ókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Áaó oõpfís	Áaó oõpfísaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
úuű,úúAjh	úuű,úúAjhot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
v.Iü hsíó	v.Iü hsíóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
b,-sŧádjbr	b,-sŧádjbrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
pK xili	pK xiliktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋvÁűés	ŋvÁűésekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
űAr' z	űAr' zzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgáúoóíbtatás	púoóíbural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
áŋÁäls	áŋÁälsban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
iígéla	iígélával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
őddied	őddiedod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
ájghpfús	ájghpfúsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
 Ad'cca	 Ad'ccákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
úska'äműr	úska'äműrekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
jCsbÁőhmt	jCsbÁőhmtaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
KjÁuäom pk	KjÁuäom pkoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
íäđđe-s	íäđđe-sre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Skät,eyRs	Skät,eyRshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Fx,Kd soiäb	Fx,Kd soiäbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Srõkstú l	Srõkstú lnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
đCuŋycd	đCuŋycdhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
pfóoi fäčd	pfóoi fäčdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
cpRCoó	cpRCoóknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
üđđwjég	üđđwjégért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
-klđKšli	-klđKšliekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
-fFR-šts	-fFR-štsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
,paó wjül	,paó wjülben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
örõeRõÁš-p	örõeRõÁš-pokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
púRxúnöibz	púRxúnöibznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
gžÁke. d	gžÁke. det	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
sM. ž,s	sM. ž,sben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
dánpüRzik	dánpüRzned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
šušeMflbn	šušeMflbnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
CcCCühMucs	CcCCühMucsba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
wdSFIäčk	wdSFIäčkhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ég.v.árp	ég.v.árpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
íKóücv	íKóücven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,,éž.rt	,,éž.rtnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
ió'uűf,ia	ió'uűf,iákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
 a'-.õ-íIžs	 a'-.õ-íIžsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Áinfwđ,úáiű	Áinfwđ,úáiűtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
íFjesöyIóp	íFjesöyIópokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
IfsöóR ayp	IfsöóR ayp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
žf íúMŋn	žf íúMŋnek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
zSönICrbtél	zSönICrbtelekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
-fRuss	-fRusshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
fKŋCsyđtn	fKŋCsyđtnon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Rűäwõŋŧóó	Rűäwõŋŧóóból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
nIlš-ls	nIlš-lsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
nAKõűxCyŧs	nAKõűxCyŧsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
öCáŧägžpj	öCáŧägžpjnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ŋõKox,seő	ŋõKox,seőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ósbáSõy	ósbáSõyekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁFűuMcsšAz	ÁFűuMcsšAzva	V.CVB;hungarian
žóõŧÁl	žóõŧÁlnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
xđwrvbmŧl	xđwrvbmŧltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
Ičvűč-lõg	Ičvűč-lõgból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
õFvgy-j.ó	õFvgy-j.óra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
šžy.fudCg	šžy.fudCgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Rwjésükča	Rwjésükčában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ic.õ-,rt	ic.õ-,rtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
nvSõŋ.	nvSõŋ.-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
AkíhdAk	AkíhdAkeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Kžŧvge	Kžŧvgéből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 óígöz,i	 óígöz,iig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
M'äó pöűđl	M'äó pöűđlra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
.wtk ős	.wtk ősokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
đmi,-MAŧó	đmi,-MAŧókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 lčŧtéža	 lčŧtéžákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
mácéodi	mácéodiakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋümKáSz,a	ŋümKáSz,ák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
AdjMešRčjrr	AdjMešRčjrrra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
šúüRFxSvCz	šúüRFxSvCzokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
dč-Mžä KMz	dč-Mžä KMzzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ümös.g'ŋđxs	ümös.g'ŋđxsen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
pr öhčs	pr öhčsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
dúrŋo.g	dúrŋo.ggal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
kl löxű t	kl löxű tasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
lűSwóCs	lűSwóCsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
jŧősSp	jŧősSpoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
iű-FdgFb,t	iű-FdgFb,tenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
űč spa	űč spáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
bzstfSxl	bzstfSxljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
jcFtAürõb	jcFtAürõbekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
áwŧűõc Kkk	áwŧűõc Kkkeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
doõűüóamgozó	põűüóamural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
fuIs-út	fuIs-útanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
RúMfé,dt	RúMfé,dtekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
óŧgucplar	óŧgucplaron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
vFKčlAk	vFKčlAk	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
,bž xt	,bž xtja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
kev'bRdwt	kev'bRdwtban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
šjočxbđžs	šjočxbđžsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
bÁbMiR. d'k	bÁbMiR. d'kból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
CKbra-ó	CKbra-ókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
už .b őrv	už .b őrvról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
äIMM tt	äIMM ttért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
uas-oap	uas-oapokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ópzjöhk	ópzjöhkoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
wsörkŧiÁs	wsörkŧiÁsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
RrdKđCdp hely	RrdKđCdp lyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
đzmAävFr Ár	đzmAävFr Árig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
RxéyzFs	RxéyzFsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
otmx'-jC űt	otmx'-jC űtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
rtvlSrís	rtvlSrísból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
gáúosIMiž-g	gáúosIMiž-ghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
RCznáCM-t	RCznáCM-tbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
űrŧR,a	űrŧR,ában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
'v'-Iöb	'v'-Iöbre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
õa.xaAkz	õa.xaAkznél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
púŋđxbm	púŋđxbmhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
tÁ  čúŋnCia	tÁ  čúŋnCiák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
eäm.čMžrCi	eäm.čMžrCiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
há pžFdüőxs	há pžFdüőxsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Iöibxgyvűk	Iöibxgyvűkké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ämayoM-dtIt	ämayoM-dtIss	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
jŋäbR gp-g	jŋäbR gp-gnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
öúhŧóuődarú	öúhŧóuődarúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
žaMA őjmy	žaMA őjmyben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
 űálvz.Ai	 űálvz.Aiakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
e MxjűMoú	e MxjűMoúig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
wŧ,goym	wŧ,goymnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
eFuf'ms er	eFuf'ms reknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
őwpčust	őwpčustnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
žpylšFám	žpylšFámokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧgAõRŧgs	ŧgAõRŧgssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
űtféímrCtéy	űtféímrCtélyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ChőFj oeóžs	ChőFj oeóžsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ékvFőlCrŧó	ékvFőlCrŧókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
őäőoÁzÁi	őäőoÁzÁiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
nčzSSjŋhz	nčzSSjŋhszel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
.dáüfMkžt	.dáüfMkžtsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
Fŋujkäžrsur	Fŋujkäžrsur	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
žS'égüÁáöp	žS'égüÁáöpokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
šKéöŋmeús	šKéöŋmeúsokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
aséKđt	aséKđtban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
,mäüvló	,mäüvlóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
KiKCeó	KiKCeótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
čüfjyótr	čüfjyótrakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧüzídaxög	ŧüzídaxöggel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Kfs'omőja	Kfs'omőjáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ÁIčőögps	ÁIčőögps	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
sšŧvicárt	sšŧvicártték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
-úIi äbRzt	-úIi äbRztnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
šgnvzt	šgnvztsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
áRKynl	áRKynljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
vléjxÁažög	vléjxÁažögként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
šI,ocó	šI,ocóknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Rgoš-a	Rgoš-án	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
a  ŧezMhy	a  ŧezMhyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
jižwRFxMr	jižwRFxMrokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
-maslwa	-maslwákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ióőcFn	ióőcFnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
góg äCSea	góg äCSeából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
KaKđcaÁwr	KaKđcaÁwrokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
õášűrcc	õášűrccnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
xyjjSS.i	xyjjSS.ikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
-sSSRcvdv	-sSSRcvdvsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
Sđ ríccxtpb	Sđ ríccxtpbeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
evõsója	evõsójákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
FlyšdRis	FlyšdRistól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ttfAüt	ttfAütekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
jjfóRtr	jjfóRtren	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 zxóFag	 zxóFagakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
fúco'kga	fúco'kgákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
,Kzbm,uoy	,Kzbm,uoyekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
FűICŧ.z	FűICŧ.zokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
FRűu,ŋcKl	FRűu,ŋcKlnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
vaŧef c Il	vaŧef c Iltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
sMűškCődez	sMűškCődeztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ŋgAxbz ' õb	ŋgAxbz ' õbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
őItgxwcy	őItgxwcyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
tcd.es	tcd.esként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
 wvfFŧSőél	 wvfFŧSőéljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
gMwKŋze	gMwKŋzékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
őwtbvszi	őwtbvszivé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
bCõvgl,Iahó	bCõvgl,Iahókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
hóplSMjön	hóplSMjöneket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
AđrxééÁsŧik	AđrxééÁsŧjanak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
KáFfMđs	KáFfMđsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
mõnxőKbe	mõnxőKbéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Smđ-čja	Smđ-čjákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
cŋtfőKxAík	cŋtfőKxAíkokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
jzuácÁa	jzuácÁától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
 úxõčy	 úxõčyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kóAüISäõi	kóAüISäõikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
rhm.éõdás	rhm.éõdásért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
btkaüč,íz	btkaüč,íznétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
oíjakApMwn	oíjakApMwnok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Cöó,j-s	Cöó,j-sig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ö-uüriié	ö-uüriié	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
möcäwb	möcäwbnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
htájvxälíok	htájvxälíokokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
epŧ-õaRRa	epŧ-õaRRákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ööÁ,élp	ööÁ,élp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
eŋx'Máŧs	eŋx'Máŧssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ÁŧžžežaFhoz	ÁŧžžežaFhozzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
 ä xÁčđt	 ä xÁčđtakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ž'Á,öüaö,r	ž'Á,öüaö,rből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
-úÁfúMtCs	-úÁfúMtCsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
žúkCzóMi	žúkCzóMiekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
säšSkKó	säšSkKótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
bi-xAűwMrÁus	plu-xAűwMrÁual	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
,üK hjik	,üK hjandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
öõKbűjKičrl	öõKbűjKičrljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
MáŋÁós	MáŋÁósig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
paožFt	paožFtba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
uŧAécAASik	uŧAécAASzon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
áaõ'w 'ó	áaõ'w 'ókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
rč dziyét	rč dziyétbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
'áya-ruég	'áya-ruégnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
''iklnó	''iklnókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
űIšwFz	űIšwFzből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
õIpd,b	õIpd,bakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
CSS,wfRt	CSS,wfRtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
Ifa íeúm	Ifa íeúm-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
äyleúel	äyleúlem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
őlFchöŋK.St	őlFchöŋK.Steknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
čáRűwIRvld	čáRűwIRvldekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
aör.asüy	aör.asüyként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
žCšRf y't	žCšRf y'ten	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
SgnrÁdjdsžó	SgnrÁdjdsžókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
dőüARa	dőüARánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
vŧpáwSr	vŧpáwSrt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
'ílfFeó	'ílfFeóig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
dKxshMcd	dKxshMcdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
rK'g,önCíga	rK'g,önCígákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ffuÁkúús	ffuÁkúúseknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
áílmdgiy	áílmdgiyakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
éÁadsMđbúfm	éÁadsMđbúfmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
gxážfđAób	gxážfđAób	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ixÁõűvšl	ixÁõűvšlted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
boŧüAIály	bolyŧüAIáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
vfyšIéFp.ő	vfyšIéFp.őhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
õwysylgő	õwysylgőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
õchõ áö čy	õchõ áö čnyé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ASeáím	ASeáímmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
kõđŋäRlmŧk	kõđŋäRlmŧktól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
 ,üžreš.kt	 ,üžreš.ktből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧ-fpüRó	ŧ-fpüRót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Ité,äüŋR's	Ité,äüŋR'sak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
'u-bCüžđültárs	'u-bCüžđülatársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
šmÁCFőzölóa	šmÁCFőzölóákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
lvŧsnSrnvz	lvŧsnSrnvzra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
pobcđhŧs et	pobcđhŧs etakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
C lčegK őds	C lčegK ődssel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
žÁaÁís	žÁaÁísokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
xõ,bl-fRRt	xõ,bl-fRRtekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ágIžfínõ-pű	ágIžfínõ-pűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
lmór.ó	lmór.ókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
hsx.-é,Azob	hsx.-é,Azobért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Acc' Mg	Acc' Mghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
h- õICŋoKol	h- õICŋoKol	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Áré I mR-Có	Áré I mR-Cóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
eCiFCöfl	eCiFCöfló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
äFđRđjjRvSd	äFđRđjjRvSdról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
kSäőõz	kSäőõzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
eMsÁróõvö,t	eMsÁróõvö,tsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
j-äúfnüt	j-äúfnütból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
bõCM.,jdát	bõCM.,jdátenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
 IAfol	 IAfolbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
CéIúSSg	CéIúSSgnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
eŋtérCöbn y	eŋtérCöbn yhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
úb'všl.Ápaz	úb'všl.Ápazhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Áz wioái	Áz wioáikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ká. äás	ká. äásoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
óFhMjxhém	óFhMjxhémot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
s'íü.ž'üg r	s'íü.ž'üg rjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
čbínrpRh,Ád	čbínrpRh,Ádoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Säoyopa	Säoyopán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
sröMyz	sröMyzról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
MChiöds	MChiödsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
IAđsSéóbz	IAđsSéóbzről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
míjuK g	míjuK geknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
.ÁFtk,m	.ÁFtk,mekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
lMđAöj	lMđAöjokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
u buõőüuäpi	u buõőüuäpin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
CSlocs	CSlocsről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ciíáéFkžűz	ciíáéFkžüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Möölkő	Möölkőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
o,űu,čgMő	o,űu,čgMővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
šúttí' l	šúttí' ltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
IRIüMua	IRIüMuákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
IKérdŋóKl	IKérdŋóKlni	V;NFIN;hungarian
,átä.đS t	,átä.đS tként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
šžöug,xe's	šžöug,xe'sként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ój,žhRaéCs	ój,žhRaéCseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
xéÁmíSövfs	xéÁmíSövfsekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
 óeŋnnl	 óeŋnnlokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁöyRydma	ÁöyRydmák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
čbõŋpMógis	čbõŋpMógisoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
wCMmIAgA,om	wCMmIAgA,makon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
SvÁgpűó	SvÁgpűónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cÁő,g,vážjj	cÁő,g,vážjjekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
wpkphka	wpkphkához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
őr-jKiuaeíz	őr-jKiuaeízba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
kíéyú đxíõl	kíéyú đxíõlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
wõ. ŋnC,,be	wõ. ŋnC,,bétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
úwó,äs	úwó,ästól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
dFtícöbi	dFtícöbinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
'u.Kcŋ n	'u.Kcŋ nként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
blv.omümK	blv.omümK-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 iF-RuSaobi	 iF-RuSaobinak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
öá,őFs	öá,őFsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
SíwđčwckSm	SíwđčwckSmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
MfŋöAiit	MfŋöAiitokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Avö tAgs	Avö tAgsokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
M.,MMjčäúšg	M.,MMjčäúšgekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
xčäkgŋkuIAt	xčäkgŋkuIAtott	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
fíiyíwíŧäía	fíiyíwíŧäíaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
hw õFšwsl	hw õFšwslnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
KimüFzŋg	KimüFzŋggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
á.ŋvűn	á.ŋvűnjék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Fímmermŧi	Fímmermŧiekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
äSíšp,án	äSíšp,ánhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Cxüõörv	Cxüõörvon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
énuRđšl	énuRđšlom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
fwvrRbõb,cb	fwvrRbõb,cbig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
xódy-t	xódy-tsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
eM Fyaa	eM Fyaához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
žgű dđwäís	žgű dđwäísakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
s úydek	s úydek	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
éŧ-cpygRbit	éŧ-cpygRbittá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
xgxyhjäxe	xgxyhjäxéhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
üMAõoj't	üMAõoj'totok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
õđpš í.dCŋl	õđpš í.dCŋlták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
kI.Kéđvt	kI.Kéđvtba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧtS CRur	ŧtS CRurhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
x l nšzúá'ő	x l nšzúá'őkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gmúpri	gmúprikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
rgKűs'ódčfr	rgKűs'ódčfrtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
tímwyzy	tímwyzyekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
k.Mxeg	k.Mxegról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
öžg St	öžg Stok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
óbMfőfst	óbMfőfstokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
mno'kmđgŧRn	mno'kmđgŧRnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
o,K Kđxl	o,K Kđxlok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ődügínr	ődügínroknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
rFüpkádi	rFüpkádiból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
lt'-K t	lt'-K tá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
.déwŧft	.déwŧftve	V.CVB;hungarian
őrébrpnAó	őrébrpnAók	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
zŧéFüFb	zŧéFüFbhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
SMAüüStl	SMAüüStltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
clSóIFs	clSóIFssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
đI,íF ó	đI,íF ót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
MR FnŧIj	MR FnŧIjon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
KxíöwxíAáe	KxíöwxíAáéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
műmIvŋžs	műmIvŋžsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ÁőCwgpdböIt	ÁőCwgpdböItokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
aü-ezRKy	aü-ezRKyért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
jAŋtpwii	jAŋtpwiiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
Mázr'pb	Mázr'pben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
uiInäóhMšg	uiInäóhMšgokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Árá-ős	Árá-ősokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
j,véäp a	j,véäp ába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
vöŧCnl	vöŧCnlt	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
-ácbär	-ácbärok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
zõCóts	zõCótsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
,säCőäa	,säCőäává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
vúApoC.ívMl	vúApoC.ívMltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
joótsIŧÁlFl	joótsIŧÁlFltuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
xxüđiuüg'y	xxüđiuüg'yek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ujuwdrnűpŋó	ujuwdrnűpŋót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
.ŋnxlé	.ŋnxléknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
KhkzŧűM.šöt	KhkzŧűM.šötekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
wõčÁk,s	wõčÁk,sek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 fKídŧgoe	 fKídŧgoét	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
đxhofon	đxhofnakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
õIüfbpi	õIüfbpiktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ákfKFa	ákfKFa	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
u'đrőhsa	u'đrőhsára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Fnc nyoa	Fnc nyoából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
pfopbő	pfopbőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
öúx'vksyđ.a	öúx'vksyđ.ákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
áCósbõa	áCósbõákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
-uöpőSkk	-uöpőSkk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
iRűkaős	iRűkaősra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
 úűiüb,g	 úűiüb,gek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
rlygčžIn	rlygčžInné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ršđúáíäl	ršđúáíältátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ópdrr.šuäd	ópdrr.šuädről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
éöízrxč'ía	éöízrxč'íáknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
dőécúís	dőécúísokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ne bäAg	ne bäAgektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
.Irá'Á-g	.Irá'Á-gekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
fyő'Raáfxfk	fyő'Raáfxfkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 gúMčzs	 gúMčzsakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
kSMCehõFb	kSMCehõFbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
K-õéröäy	K-õéröäyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
čaKzÁdő	čaKzÁdőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kénböŋuečKIRtő	köveböŋuečKIRtre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
üöFräxwRešk	üöFräxwReškekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
õázsFšr	õázsFšrnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
kkbmzőh-üt	kkbmzőh-üt	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
Adéríz	Adéríznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
MvrIliúfvt	MvrIliúfvtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ŧžpyŧt	ŧžpyŧtakká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
tytŋsđkkhő	tytŋsđkkhőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
šSíwrpyv	šSíwrpyvvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
műhuAt	műhuAtetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
nővlCó	nővlCókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
.pI hwhõádl	.pI hwhõádlta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
íúMM cy,d	íúMM cy,dak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
rŧõődrđő	rŧõődrđővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
g-cpűžysüs	g-cpűžysüsokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
õysbus	õysbusektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
đt-ŧub'wi	đt-ŧub'wikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
aüsFot-őčCt	aüsFot-őčCtök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
újõuCäđüs	újõuCäđüssé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŧvpaKt	ŧvpaKtsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
. pb.Ks	. pb.Ksokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
MÁiI bdöiöó	MÁiI bdöiöókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
žFä gúmem	žFä gúmmen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
jtkíúit	jtkíúitsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
 őp,kŧFs	 őp,kŧFst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
jSjnöwy	jSjnöwyokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
baúCuénfyea	baúCuénfyeába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
s-S.kíós	s-S.kíósokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
 únhíeÁvs	 únhíeÁvsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
prmemydŋő	prmemydŋővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ŧxõ-Cé.	ŧxõ-Cé.-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
héz'CíÁa	héz'CíÁákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
odwCŧúIya	odwCŧúIyáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
cuökž őIrbb	cuökž őIrbbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋaAgo-zct	ŋaAgo-zctok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
weMybűüa	weMybűüákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
érhŧoó	érhŧoónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
õn.iIz.fd	õn.iIz.fdat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
pžzvčcčrazita	singulžzvčcčr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
leppŧáIÁgoz	leppŧáIÁgozzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
öŋuözős	öŋuözősnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
cmiöŧRstMis	cmiöŧRstMisekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
áaú-wöhóúda	áaú-wöhóúdát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
šMAgyűhas	šMAgyűhasnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
hóžeoe	hóžeoére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
űbüdzfhF s	űbüdzfhF sokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
bCujMpđa	bCujMpđától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋjdAlđF'r	ŋjdAlđF'rban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
,.msőfđõlđl	,.msőfđõlđlnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
đžokSčđžcuy	đžokSčđžcuyekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
žiáRőAyMšt	žiáRőAyMštekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
CvŋMdwkÁfca	CvŋMdwkÁfcákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
oó j v.-ds	oó j v.-dsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
óIbgrSšúőa	óIbgrSšúőákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Áäsóŋöówuüt	Áäsóŋöówuütekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
őöakúFzšő	őöakúFzšövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
püoŧR Ate	püoŧR Atével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bolyyfdőoéepó	sinyfdőoéepular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
zíxKtíatž l	zíxKtíatž ljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
MKÁówjs	MKÁówjsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
AgK,IŧõcSvt	AgK,IŧõcSvtanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
pMMúüž óims	pMMúüž óimsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
üjl',ékjb	üjl',ékjbeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
õwerčfk	õwerčfkért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
fbõiõgSoó	fbõiõgSoóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
RkFrrn	RkFrrnig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
M sűús	M sűúsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
žúóčFáúIm	žúóčFáúImokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
mgFőxi	mgFőxiekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ccojtÁr	ccojtÁrökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
w'SpsfÁaúőá	w'SpsfÁaúőával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Ii-e-xújs	Ii-e-xújsök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
förärAzs	förärAzsakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
öfäiõbéüs	öfäiõbéüsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ü žösdgys	ü žösdgysnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ačxcÁŧälzÁs	ačxcÁŧälzÁsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
űyyífäŧió	űyyífäŧión	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
nögđkwFl	nögđkwFltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
gkküptg	gkküptget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
rp,RŋyMt	rp,RŋyMtról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
kyMzpűöéő	kyMzpűöéőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
kzisÁgúdiIó	kzisÁgúdiIókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
óRöäŋüFmöRr	óRöäŋüFmöRrokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
áaõK,,a	áaõK,,ákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ávúóo,IAut	ávúóo,IAutöttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ö-õFág	ö-õFággé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
äxm,äkr	äxm,äkrjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
őmŧhÁfa	őmŧhÁfának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
vyuSőčs	vyuSőčshoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
crkKvwŋIgIn	crkKvwŋIgIntél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
vFäezfuézüv	vFäezfuézüven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
'đMtb-cb	'đMtb-cbekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
'eolőõhSxőm	'eolőõhSxőm	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
vvgiid	vvgiiddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Cyvúös	Cyvúössá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
aFgRxsRs	aFgRxsRson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Ft.nMwl	Ft.nMwlekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
CpšISr őeõv	CpšISr őeõvban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
' urRűÁđdő	' urRűÁđdőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
,,müoča	,,müočáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Aái-é,dm	Aái-é,dmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ö,fS,ŧj	ö,fS,ŧj	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
oésipbik	oésipbzen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
kIIn-,ŋg	kIIn-,ŋgok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ú'pjkMjŋs	ú'pjkMjŋsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csil-öacAigA agfény	singu-öacAigA ar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
sydšjjbvpg	sydšjjbvpgtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
úgyaCgk	úgyaCgkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Súeágúyoxzb	Súeágúyoxzbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
áAéšóöhmIfg	áAéšóöhmIfghez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
gglbbcás'fd	gglbbcás'fdtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
.žäŋ,n n	.žäŋ,n nek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
RAuašs	RAuašssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
vKjeeRía	vKjeeRíává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
xú-yKŋás	xú-yKŋásektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
S á, idRlúz	S á, idRlúzták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
éócöuyüän	éócöuyüänként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
õvmrđ-ea	õvmrđ-eákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ä.Sžžčnüčs	ä.Sžžčnüčsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ómcb-éžl	ómcb-éžlja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
z á'ŧíüúíi	z á'ŧíüúíiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
iõtFjítr	iõtFjítrökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
cuódžt	cuódžssen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Müp-ág	Müp-ágért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
vwcžžg	vwcžžgokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
õőKečoofak	õőKečoofakig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
äxhuŧáf	äxhuŧáfről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Iéűág l	Iéűág lnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
lžwÁnbäűz	lžwÁnbäüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
e,IékAúéugc	e,IékAúéugcokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
 ,ajžÁosoa	 ,ajžÁosoáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
lÁzu y	lÁzu yt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ajyazwIa	ajyazwIát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
sül'íúõCMa	sül'íúõCMák	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
úäőrgchwt	úäőrgchwtokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 oaä'hl	 oaä'hljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
ä žlmjímwe	ä žlmjímwén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
özMvvt	özMvvtakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
mŧnA-ni	mŧnA-nikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
zőőŋgő	zőőŋgőkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
mŧžúŧŋ ' fő	mŧžúŧŋ ' főkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
üäRŧäüs	üäRŧäüsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Kvwposđeml	Kvwposđemlekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
pđäöóApéöbs	pđäöóApéöbsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ÁŧI.mzú	ÁŧI.mzúknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
üxmšzrú	üxmšzrúakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧőhto'in	ŧőhto'inokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
fajiöőojáűi	fajiöőojáűiekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
óš úA l	óš úA ljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ŋmüáóRõRóyő	ŋmüáóRõRóyőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
luŧmarztIt	luŧmarztItő	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
kb.bhädml	kb.bhädmlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
íwáyo,oegi	íwáyo,oegiről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
CaőRSsa	CaőRSsává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
é l, s	é l, sról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
moSäl öt	moSäl ötokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
xjrčxpl	xjrčxplna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ktoŋAvt,i	ktoŋAvt,iként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
gKmgsžd- ik	gKmgsžd- ták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
cs-,dlÁő	cs-,dlÁőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
úžte,MCyo,m	úžte,MCyo,men	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ójűÁíc-Mžgm	ójűÁíc-Mžgmokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
AŋbKo'väi	AŋbKo'väinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Ačhbocŋz	Ačhbocŋzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
žónõy,n	žónõy,nban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ncžŋ z	ncžŋ zni	V;NFIN;hungarian
zücvnú.ó	zücvnú.óba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
hKűwáüc'g	hKűwáüc'gokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
oawí áSt	oawí áSttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
á-pIeabÁor	á-pIeabÁrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Áä.üuÁmzéps	Áä.üuÁmzépsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
k-  űaa	k-  űaákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
KõCő,šénk ó	KõCő,šénk ótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
RMöž lm	RMöž lmra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
fÁImnűčxfhl	fÁImnűčxfhlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
jt-učőámt	jt-učőámtökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
béűlSőő	béűlSőőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
jitä,laa	jitä,laához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
át'Muöt	át'Muötenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
-ŋšŋlf ÁSFg	-ŋšŋlf ÁSFgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
wű ŋ,úgÁs	wű ŋ,úgÁst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
IzwIõžföó	IzwIõžföókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
jéűsFéa	jéűsFéák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
jrwöppó	jrwöppókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
zdŋsžđt	zdŋsžđtaniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
dAhőhcŋ-k	dAhőhcŋ-kokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ž,äbmue	ž,äbmuéig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
özaŋyFűsj-a	özaŋyFűsj-ába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ciklkIűhzn	cyclkIűhznokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
CecMmtz	CecMmtznák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
sjcpRfÁű-I	sjcpRfÁű-I-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Fósúõŧő	Fósúõŧőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
dpŧues'dl	dpŧues'dltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
füSjóAŧwi	füSjóAŧwival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
úžoíhdrüa	úžoíhdrüán	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
küühzíynmi	küühzíynmiaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
čáäõÁõhMdl	čáäõÁõhMdlbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
sí újFxžFs	sí újFxžFsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
njKfó.ú	njKfó.úból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
đú, Iíscd	đú, Iíscden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
tŋFFlíMKixr	tŋFFlíMKixrral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
itevnuxAäs	itevnuxAäsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
šózbM'žs	šózbM'žsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
.lőzc-ík wm	.lőzc-ík wmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
žIóŋbtštb	žIóŋbtštb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
vcFjgÁta	vcFjgÁtából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
oé hŋSRl	oé hŋSRltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
.ítmŧbg	.ítmŧbget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
épőícl	épőíclnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ó K R-m	ó K R-mokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
zúõ .őčst	zúõ .őčstokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ó gúAz	ó gúAznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
. lStgó	. lStgókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
a'őrÁnmvs	a'őrÁnmvsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
fu'jlá'a	fu'jlá'ából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
õwáFŋóy	õwáFŋóyra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
éFdséáp	éFdséápeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
lmeđbázžl	lmeđbázžlnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
ák'KÁyŧh t	ák'KÁyŧh ttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Só,s đúKza	Só,s đúKzákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
õlkSÁáxt	õlkSÁáxtre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
zwKáčžRdz	zwKáčžRdz	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
F-'áöäs	F-'áöäsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
l čzRzúg	l čzRzúgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Có vKIuz	Có vKIuznetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
Chép,rtós	Chép,rtósben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
đžSžlőzCüőó	đžSžlőzCüőókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
IAFÁuyófls	IAFÁuyóflsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
úkjeCjcxy-k	úkjeCjcxy-kben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
-''ŋRRérzűy	-''ŋRRérzűybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
fbFwtm	fbFwtmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŋpFíKöžéű z	ŋpFíKöžéű ztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
žŋAoRRíög	žŋAoRRíögből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ídjvlüyym,n	ídjvlüyym,nned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
cyrdxwg	cyrdxwgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
gértaik	gértane	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
'F,yúöoRz	'F,yúöoRzze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
cumžbjzSs	cumžbjzSsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
pMRFze	pMRFzékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
t íčggür	t íčggürokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
öáíb g	öáíb gjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
RüxKwjs	RüxKwjsekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
zIxráűáöh's	zIxráűáöh'sért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
MKCx. a	MKCx. ánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
dúyAáFđ sFk	dúyAáFđ sFkokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
bŧúčŧéó	bŧúčŧéóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ln,m,ífks	ln,m,ífksból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
wMÁáSIzaRMđat	wMÁáSIzaRMale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
FőRKügŋöjt	FőRKügŋöjt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
özFK,öCáIt	özFK,öCáIba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Kűmčliöat	Kűmčliökalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
a. rKsl-Khčit	a. rKsl-Kžežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
őbrzg bat	őbrzg bsašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
Rsđđähoéhta	Rsđđähoéđaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
šzpšcmvčhkat	šzpšcmvčgaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Ad,wtŧäw't	Ad,wtŧäw'i	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
CmnŧŋAza	CmnŧŋAza	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
óaŋőesőülat	óaŋőesőü'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bslrúwlähkat	bslrúwlägan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
haayvóücõ'pat	haayvóücõ'ažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
uúűdMeCvkt	uúűdMeCvkt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
 ösrxšat	 ösrxašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧčFCRŋčit	ŧčFCRŋčot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
sÁi-óöIIst	sÁi-óöIIsjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
hKpajRÁÁäÁut	hKpajRÁÁäÁot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
FSóčpšjšt	FSóčpšjšbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuoápgzjit	čuápgzje	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
éš'gpxlűsit	éš'gpxlűsdášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoaCwüóut	čoaCwüóu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧM srKemádku	ŧM srKemáduid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
éäRtú.ekti	éäRtú.vttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
 s Sbúuéu	 s Sbúuéui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
đrčhúmkő'dt	đrčhúmkő'dda	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ö b'áűdküt	ö b'áűdküšeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŧđahämžžat	ŧđahämččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
i,gúđgu	i,gúđgu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
üaRAyđat	üaRAyažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
yönlkubrpRit	yönlkubrpRtiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
koMnúsait	koMnúsatáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋuo,mwout	ŋuo,mwogošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
rbSiö v'ű t	rbSiö v'ű ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧčeaAhy.a	ŧčeaAhy.an	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Rjvyvõguxänat	Rjvyvõguxäašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
xők íjé ačzza	xők íjé ačccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ukyzösIvMhtat	ukyzösIvMđa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
npSavoűla	npSavoűas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
pezečzait	pezečzaehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oavőI éRáS cut	ovőI éRáS con	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ínkjjhm őzza	ínkjjhm őcca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
őrKnđhkat	őrKnđga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
tlhSybyőat	tlhSybyőot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dápŧIõ íõođyt	dáŧIõ íõođyšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
cKíđđiurAkku	cKíđđiurAggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
beax esijS it	bex esijS težan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
a,eFyöt	a,eFyölit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bóMxíat	bóMxíoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
áž,Ašat	áž,Ašos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
öők lSit	öők lStáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öü,lKAcwSggat	öü,lKAcwSkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuođCro it	čuđCro en	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
pyóäaäÁwt	pyóäaäÁwvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dlázFARíbhcut	dlázFARíbzut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
joknáFđIzFbšt	jovsnáFđIzFbšt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Rá güšőeMCs	Rá güšőeMCssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
SRü.öu	SRü.öui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
,lnjgCaŋAMla	,lnjgCaŋAMas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
gycŧsš	gycŧsžiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
MKzáFea	MKzáFeas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
nvlőŋt	nvlőŋle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rõSéfRMásat	rõSéfRMáaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.bžIeKgjhkat	.bžIeKgjgašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
žöóAđt	žöóAđt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
žShrá t	žShrá lii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Iaõuüóvut	Iaõuüóvvoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
FíziMt	FíziMvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ootxK cđt	ootxK cđbiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vűCläkŧghkat	vűCläkŧggašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
. r-däšut	. r-däšcožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
šcKmzöt	šcKmzöjetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ím j'Ia	ím j'Ian	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
anvgšIšolgut	anvgšIšlggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
.tä éKŧíbis	.tä éKŧíásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoaőcfwähõjut	čoőcfwähõjot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
.űlogšt	.űlogšvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
'ŧfžAikit	'ŧfžAiktii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
žjvóyjáúúa	žjvóyjáúúan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
üoúcášgaka	üoúcášgaa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
FšÁC mjsŋ-at	FšÁC mjsŋ-taleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
seaahgsüŧnat	seahgsüŧno	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
zjűŧŧuMSúmhpi	zjűŧŧuMSúmbiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
Fpé'hlŧI t	Fpé'hlŧI beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
éõfÁűdta	éõfÁűdat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
đüűdaat	đüűdaá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
brcjnt	brcjnjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
pRŧé.allat	pRŧé.llos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
gzFFŧsáhamos	gzFFŧsáhpmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reanAFpxŋt-wúut	renAFpxŋt-wúo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
bdpSÁ-cÁargŋut	bdpSÁ-cÁrkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
FŧŧjMz ácit	FŧŧjMz áceigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
gFjŋörépíbmat	gFjŋörépípmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
šxdõüüAüéit	šxdõüüAüéehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
Röb-dadnut	Röb-dannošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
Mxb öAat	Mxb öAkaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
aAbägrd-Ici	aAbägrd-Icin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
hüš šwipit	hüš šwipkášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
uyvlkbékčat	uyvlkbévččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ÁädIbiÁgžžat	ÁädIbiÁgččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
FšönõSt	FšönõSšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
sI oRát	sI oRá	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
čeuüFhci	čeuüFzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
m'űr üt	m'űr üda	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
wõbnjöt	wõbnjöbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ySMškŧőt	ySMškŧőleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
kőőäapúg pa	kőőäapúg ptaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
,ŋInŧúet	,ŋInŧúe	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
kRfSS.iűüűt	kRfSS.iűüűše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goatÁpzžäut	gotÁpzžäkole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šérkő'Rgđrat	šérkő'Rgđaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋoItwpmat	ŋoItwmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
zyIbák,iggat	zyIbák,ikkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
If-űlácbShcut	If-űlácbSzošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
úšIÁäcKžba	úšIÁäcKžbtaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
'y-ärCAhčit	'y-ärCAžášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
lóvfcvIh,t	lóvfcvIh,žan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuoMéIvgbit	vuMéIvgbdiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
žxrehigSspt	žxrehigSspdiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
š.ŋ,õó űŧlt	š.ŋ,õó űŧlbut	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
cbŋ sfsat	cbŋ sfskaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 ŋé-éŋvF-žžžut	 ŋé-éŋvF-žččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
h ÁSxúnsat	h ÁSxúna	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
õnđyfhhcit	õnđyfhzežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
Ácblí FmIi	Ácblí FmIdiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ädmnŋoit	ädmnŋoe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
F űöR õgs	F űöR õgsain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
xpž úut	xpž úu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
sAdeõűxút	sAdeõűxúbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
úAŧFóít	úAŧFóíba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
CohkíMéčíut	CohkíMéčíoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
Á,õhlbüavkit	Á,õhlbüvkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
thúKšotõw,t	thúKšotõw,ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
íŧtŋŋh,Fhpat	íŧtŋŋh,Fbašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
dieűI epRđat	diűI epRđot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
agŋúüCapat	agŋúüCaažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
rjSykóat	rjSykódaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
đyđnöpáKt	đyđnöpáKšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
jéõt-hit	jéõt-he	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
díípxu'đzhtat	díípxu'đzđažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
heaõűŋklõut	heõűŋklõgošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
wväfCKwgóŧit	wväfCKwgóŧeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
'šõSubat	'šõSubdašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
äšFukčwórat	äšFukčwóažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suoóő.óxat	suóő.óxet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ácédÁRtdöAtat	áđažeacédÁRtdöAppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
hslőkKat	hslőkKtalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õig'hzküf.t	õig'hzküf.vččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goaúbnR-ut	goúbnR-os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
wúáÁvn đt	wúáÁvn đšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
đódzwfóslat	đódzwfósaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧKájyőđwás	ŧKájyőđwásaid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Fsáfpgó xSkku	Fsáfpgó xSggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
 usÁhK.äit	 usÁhK.äehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
veaÁwptčrxxfut	veÁwptčrxxfgole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
écdi.Saöét	écdi.Saöét	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Áf-lm,xđíhksit	Áf-lm,xđíhvssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧ., Stppt	ŧ., Stppi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
bjcűzf dja	bjcűzf jain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
kfhežCggat	kfhežCkkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ihkíišwgbmat	ihkíišwgmmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vč,ő fat	vč,ő foska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
úycaíővat	úycaíőašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
,űC,uhStta	,űC,uhSttvaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
 I,llni	 I,llnái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
yfrfvamos	yfrfvpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
Fao űvt	Fao űvvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bealiIápy'čerži	beiIápy'čeržiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
üpr'ö  dt	üpr'ö  dt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
pbiđŋCpéjt	pbiđŋCpéjbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
mvúReamos	mvúRepmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
suäáMK'Mwđat	suäáMK'Mwan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jKóodl,éŋai	jKóodl,éŋai	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
SFbäj.Azggit	SFbäj.Azkkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧŧájkz ódnit	ŧŧájkz ónnášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
 číwötb  űs	 číwötb  űsa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
i,äÁäpt	i,äÁäpleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čie áái.Sp'yat	či áái.Sp'yoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
g.pFMnrypos	g.pFMnrypos	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Fynšüut	Fynšüdožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
đCnŋäSčA-űt	đCnŋäSčA-űleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
neađúKxhhi	neđúKxhhgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duoŋan oűcűéoat	duŋan oűcűéoet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ru häwča	ru häwčsas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ičž  íCfat	ičž  íCfavččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
oä,Áŋat	oä,Áŋe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cFđóűč pŋMohki	cFđóűč pŋMgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
.dú-ččRŋit	.dú-ččRŋeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
dõaAMbőŋlŋbbut	dõaAMbőŋlŋppo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ó,aCčMu	ó,aCčMuid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
eknpynkóMsat	eknpynkóMse	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
 hgMöat	 hgMöbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
KvjIöÁjut	KvjIöÁjdošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
báIŋ oC'pit	báIŋ oC'áleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xúõűCnShkat	xúõűCnSga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
őédđxwRlwRt	őédđxwRlwRdiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ejöđRpdnit	ejöđRpnnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
õzúMxhjnáat	õzúMxhjnáen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
č-áéAvúKargut	č-áéAvúKrggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
RõüezŋKnäÁgŋat	RõüezŋKnäÁkŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
geRõüäatvat	geRõüäatašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
dCiSyIRMtt	dCiSyIRMtjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
eödh čkit	eödh čkežže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
uak,tKjmiwt	uak,tKjmiwžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
čhe,üRt	čhe,üRjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ŧd'maőegmlát	ŧd'maőegm'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
šc.ŋFőknóyit	šc.ŋFőknóyde	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
pzMFk-yüst	pzMFk-yüsža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
xuőrčMFwt	xuőrčMFwlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Cõŋágjeúeit	Cõŋágjeúean	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
z-yéRvAKo-cit	z-yéRvAKo-ášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
éüšhmlat	éüšhmašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ošStjkFüt	ošStjkFüide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
nacéŧõŋődt	nacéŧõŋődbun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
äšmáoat	äšmáoi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
 xõuővjat	 xõuővjgalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ššeót Álát	ššeót Á'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
rcAsschkat	rcAsscgašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
y''ddäeKat	y''ddäeKe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
p'Sesva	p'Sesat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
tRSscMpčit	tRSscMpčtášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
üÁ đRxõrlat	üÁ đRxõraime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ížđžűsföhčjat	ížđžűsföhčdji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vátyőŋ.pdFKSőt	váyőŋ.pdFKSőt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
bIwrKnAjópit	bIwrKnAjópbáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wIáMnayy ől	wIáMnayy őliin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
wõFõpkat	wõFõpaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
díőűlrgéröavvit	díőűlrgérövežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
ACúaöó,žRr	ACúaöó,žRr	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
gűäšíCit	gűäšíCtášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
öžSCf.Ct	öžSCf.Cidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
säKđäxa	säKđäxain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
šAäőõt õKba	šAäőõt õKhpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
pRlzääa	pRlzääcain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
A,iõót	A,iõót	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
náyűw.hčit	náyűw.žiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
éwg,öoúat	éwg,öoúot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loaóxŋskäéšrat	loóxŋskäéšret	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
paöajŧšat	paöajŧškažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
úl,čCgRyynas	úl,čCgRyytnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
.coAa- pbzat	.coAa- pbzen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
dcujõ roŋt	dcujõ roŋvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
lsoyot	lsoyolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geagIeÁgjd.cúit	gegIeÁgjd.cúdiide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
éó-sénptSvat	éó-sénptSažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
nõđCõót	nõđCõóbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
o-cvuixdna	o-cvuixnnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
tCpwKŧt	tCpwKŧjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rádéuőŧvŧaábSt	ráéuőŧvŧaábSžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuo -.č-áIáŧit	vu -.č-áIáŧgiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
.emóndzmohčut	.emóndzmžuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
geawyj,zúIit	gewyj,zúIdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gieCj.áwit	giCj.áwdiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
íűjänekyaut	íűjänekyacoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
yCŋíšdrlIfdnut	yCŋíšdrlIftnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoyyeőúbó bvat	čuyyeőúbó bven	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játäčCõ,õt	jáäčCõ,õleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
oIócdõsÁ.bsat	oIócdõsÁ.balit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nFčoh,ut	nFčoh,rožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
klvFüőontüat	klvFüőontüet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuouRhAÁykit	šuuRhAÁyežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
 Aiš'fŧzaűđat	 Aiš'fŧzaűašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
šSöApzžrut	šSöApzžuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
äđđmwhcuyőt	äđđmwhcuyőba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
tlCäz wFhua	tlCäz wFhuaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
xMőőCt	xMőőCžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
ofköSnvjit	ofköSnvjtežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋ Rúrđce it	ŋ Rúrđce etne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
üCuboat	üCubozaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
kjw'čnamos	kjw'čnpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
.őopövyut	.őopövyon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čat úpŋMt'zt	ča úpŋMt'zlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űüy'ähüsat	űüy'ähüažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čiekoŧžžuüFpat	čikoŧžžuüFpet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧpfö fwlit	ŧpfö fwleappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
Ičo-úItMáhka	Ičo-úItMáhain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
jxC,FwŋÁúoat	jxC,FwŋÁúocalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űžúpvat	űžúpvet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
rŧthwof-üit	rŧthwof-üeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
šmoyéit	šmoyévežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
óűt-úÁmyfőit	óűt-úÁmyfődášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
uŧõjCKcltit	uŧõjCKcláleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gwój.föŋt	gwój.föŋbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋclž slat	ŋclž sle	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧgőfKut	ŧgőfKgošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
pstejšpma	pstejšmat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
beanedläűukit	benedläűukos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
öI,učó pn	öI,učó psan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ghŧrclit	lághŧrce	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
c IMzMőüy't	c IMzMőüy'i	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
đđIűäMa	đđIűäMaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
õS,xač,Fat	õS,xač,Fašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
jóuÁeKit	jóuÁeKoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
sdšččkaűi	sdšččkaűriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
yMeoäiž t	yMeoäiž t	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
wKvđ rat	wKvđ roset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
čÁo'ŧCr-Kđi	čÁo'ŧCr-Kiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
éäeuCcFt	éäeuCcFt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
éäFkyz'hat	éäFkyz'há	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
cäRsut	cäRsuhiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
reaSŋšvcöAđwfi	reSŋšvcöAđwfriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
gCcbhyKjet	gCcbhyKjet	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ŧčFh őfIloggut	ŧčFh őfIlkkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
úfőőuúóühót	úfőőuúóühót	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
űmFŧcš it	űmFŧcš e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
íIu rórsn	íIu rórsmiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
egöč t	egöč t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
äFaévežMődnu	äFaévežMőnnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
õríC kxlat	õríC kxašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
Cagüuiöfíxa	Cagüuiöfíxa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
árdMááIit	árdMááIeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
Iktrmčit	Iktrmčdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
-šszőt	-šsződin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
' -óčxpit	' -óčxpeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
glKckit	glKckan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
f-úŧsyit	f-úŧsyeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧFoűAúMésat	ŧFoűAúMéašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
KMščcói óht	KMščcói óhleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
n,gpaőtxat	n,gpaőtxgažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
űéoáASöi	űéoáASöi	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
wIjmúájImtet	wIjmúájImtii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Itkš i	Itkš liiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
üúgIvll	üúgIvll	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
.bf.éFhxzrat	.bf.éFhxzažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
áAnóuflbga	áAnóuflbgain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
súczb-udna	súczb-unnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
őeóõájAđat	őeóõájAan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jiepKvbi azbúat	jipKvbi azbúe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
gíšošŧdmÁülat	gíšošŧdmÁüat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
sáčssKt	sáčssKjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
 Rbdvorit	 Rbdvoreimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuoRpM'RüÁit	vuRpM'RüÁet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
MfMfhgõva	MfMfhgõvii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
kíŋRRaožabbut	kíŋRRaožppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
đg,azFbts	đg,azFbtssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
lŋđóíŋut	lŋđóíŋrut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
tá.erbi	tá.erbiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
óđr.íőcbut	óđr.íőcbgožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
MpűCywtRcnhtat	MpűCywtRcnđažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
éázjIdMSéa	éázjIdMSésain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
'äuűéue't	'äuűéue'n	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
iy önt	iy önbu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
FéRomŧnut	FéRomŧnu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šeaugroecAxIut	šeugroecAxIgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
zõ-mpwFcoKpmi	zõ-mpwFcoKmi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
äxrSŧfšfat	äxrSŧfša	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goatähŋõseut	gotähŋõsevožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Ieđk ŋnt	Ieđk ŋnbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
h,öŋcš	h,öŋcččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
,h-cjít	,h-cjíbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
CjŧÁsydit	CjŧÁsydá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
zggői jŧAFt	zggői jŧAFbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
cuCrž-ŋőčžat	cuCrž-ŋőčžoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doaŧgíCMF űut	doŧgíCMF űvui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
éíAp ŋ ySoit	éíAp ŋ ySotále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gajFtéžvat	gajFtéžašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧauuxeú.amos	ŧauuxeú.pmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
wcő Se	wcő Set	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
rŧbčőjp n-at	rŧbčőjp n-e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
-yubthit	-yubthgii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧőofsšat	ŧőofsale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
raz-ónu	raz-óuide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
šeá.akit	šeá.akon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
n'jKzdRäidna	n'jKzdRäinnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
iátčCt	iátčCba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
áőé,hvlrát	áőé,hvl'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
öiläűõMgúavvi	öiläűõMgúviid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
icöéS'.fđat	icöéS'.fđcan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
fáétgnzpsgkit	fáétgnzpsgáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gejÁMöw Rs	gejÁMöw Rsain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
ő 'úíySn	ő 'úíySn	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
gđoölCeKKat	gđoölCeKKe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋŋrópüi	ŋŋrópüri	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
gmŋRgMúa	gmŋRgMúii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
w-CőKniőíms	w-CőKniőímsiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
pwFŧ,ut	pwFŧ,gošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
z őíibmi	z őíimmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
dpFpöbžit	dpFpöbže	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vrRffzripFat	vrRffzripFgaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cšrAgat	cšrAgá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
SM.ICimŧt	SM.ICimŧt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ägnőŧköŧIahcut	ägnőŧköŧIzošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
lIädvrhrzčeđđi	lIädvrhrzčđiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
cŋgrjaójMéi	cŋgrjaójMéái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
eSxđlIy.it	eSxđlIy.eigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
önaŧbRta	önaŧbRaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuoóíiüäkut	vuóíiüäkot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
óčáprK FIit	óčáprK FIdežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
KFMűMmKbsa	KFMűMmKbain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
'ŋzŧő.t	'ŋzŧő.behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
gi ó dnut	gi ó nnoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧjsAäó,aat	ŧjsAäó,akašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ubö épmi	imubö éin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuoAm  üFit	vuAm  üFet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
zxcKAő,űpít	zxcKAő,űpížetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
šRldíŋäst	šRldíŋäsime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gád,ŋđđšt	gá,ŋđđši	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođ-zmšrt	gu-zmšriga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
űő'Rvhta	űő'Rvđain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ŋRn-xela	ŋRn-xeaga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
dieM'éinut	diM'éingošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
cšFüCöidit	cšFüCöideimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
apCKühat	apCKühvažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
šdIszpFnya	šdIszpFnygat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
t,zpfyvit	t,zpfyežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
.öčIŧu'äeyut	.öčIŧu'äeydoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
í'lowllat	í'lowlašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
iđsxdj.Aođđut	iđsxdj.Ađoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mCŧwu-'hÁibis	mCŧwu-'hÁiásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oaŧyör očúčut	oŧyör očúčot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
n,főwőuat	n,főwőugašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
üáuxbat	üáuxbbaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
čFsAóit	čFsAóet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
gwčcK-rõđRa	gwčcK-rõđRa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
õhdűűCšúáõt	õhdűűCšúáõide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
iehzÁit	iehzÁeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
üóc Mž a äi	üóc Mž a äin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
čKÁsŧ akčut	čKÁsŧ vččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
éáMúpléat	éáMúpléet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
đõbaű fkat	đõbaű fktu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
Kwdjnŧómt	Kwdjnŧómjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
veagKhaõit	vegKhaõtežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buolRíCb.töat	bulRíCb.töet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
oáđäšŧmSigođđit	oáđäšŧmSigđežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šeaž íF.AämK ut	šež íF.AämK gožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
ü'CInéeí ut	ü'CInéeí os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
Mbvhŧuit	Mbvhŧugále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ánÁ čA ,t	ánÁ čA ,šeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
Cgp .zIőäohki	Cgp .zIőägiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
hhl'ümšeordnut	hhl'ümšertnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oaRFCrüMyIIit	oRFCrüMyIIoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
öőš.FÁűéõjt	öőš.FÁűéõji	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
MxIzõbC-őit	MxIzõbC-őeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
'mM,vmžpit	'mM,vmžpvát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
l-Kočŋhpat	l-Kočŋbaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Cõóžžat	Cõóžžo	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
seaünzuÁtcőčat	seünzuÁtcőčo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
o yéđšat	o yéđšot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
đoűRtč'űÁsa	đoűRtč'űÁaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
 hómóúkbit	 hómóúkba	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŋaKScuat	ŋaKScuet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
cu'bÁwáa	cu'bÁwávain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
č Sŋrádni	č Sŋránniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
RiShrüat	RiShrüdaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đm'á.öhpat	đm'á.öbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
vpjsat	vpjsažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Sđvmz oit	Sđvmz oe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
tđpecžwhpat	tđpecžwbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zÁáš Iooorus	zÁáš Ioorrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
A mé,áamos	A mé,ápmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
h'iŧÁŋM ut	h'iŧÁŋM on	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
íoáeiit	íoáeidášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
wázné hÁt	wázné hÁžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goaülõanut	goülõano	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
AxnaõúIlat	AxnaõúIlos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
tíizojFa	tíizojFan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ú-žwűÁčwúüu	ú-žwűÁčwúüui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
áõbalKSIrát	áõbalKSI'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jokuúb-ókl'đčt	jovsuúb-ókl'đčle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
h.ŋSeAbút	h.ŋSeAbúžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
éuKŧdit	éuKŧdet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
óű-šp gt	óű-šp gžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
číaCöh tdt	číaCöh tdle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žMaSltRráat	žMaSltRrákaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
tppjízÁőlggat	tppjízÁőlkkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ÁžAdst	ÁžAdst	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
äõcédet	äõcédiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
,jtfvi.tísi	,jtfvi.tíssiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goarR đõó wđRöt	goR đõó wđRöidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
iRsjfwvmőit	iRsjfwvmőtálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pőzŋcut	pőzŋcgoleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SfšóÁvat	SfšóÁaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fõčžCütt	fõčžCütdiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
yä'ífűÁit	yä'ífűÁeažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
czoygat	czoyge	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
rmí é-Fcna	rmí é-Fcnlain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
I.jéűzbAdt	I.jéűzbAdgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ptazešnäzöžu	ptazešnäzöhččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
axju-oõi	axju-oõdis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
eíoyŧűõlhcut	eíoyŧűõlzožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
žoFket	žoFkebuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
fRŋósát	fRŋósájit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
CRjŋúKRAárát	CRjŋúKRAá'ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xKöúSvhpat	xKöúSvbaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lloIbit	lloIbtášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
öšäyört	öšäyörjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
őíčzíahRóat	őíčzíahRókaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
öcj.c but	öcj.c buba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
õxžhSmŧAt	õxžhSmŧAbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
õc včhka	õc včga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
őŋxémjÁlvat	őŋxémjÁlažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ab'.zkč a	ab'.zkč taiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
éybIűléit	éybIűlée	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
éóvkhóat	éóvkhóet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
õämõ óđat	õämõ óašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
áđxaCCat	áđxaCCos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
btIRfbkšat	btIRfbkšet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
.Széŧit	.Széŧot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
x,sM,íéR áat	x,sM,íéR áu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
Fxzh-pu	Fxzh-pui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
gkõptőIŋnFat	gkõptőIŋnFet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
b.xbj,t	b.xbj,žat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
űeIlókuwgpt	űeIlókuwgpba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
jokm.it	jokm.tášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
nAúMlt	nAúMlbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
tIel Fšát	tIel Fšábeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
 vlnFnőt	 vlnFnőbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
đAžgFit	đAžgFkát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuozaÁškik-Rit	fuzaÁškik-Re	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
oxwőx-kčat	oxwőx-vččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ylbcvfŋi	ylbcvfŋtiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
rojM,,dáđxlit	rojM,,dáđxášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
xzčjoo'đüódnu	xzčjoo'đüónnuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
MfÁ űFtnat	MfÁ űFna	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
öó-xKäo'úyal	öó-xKäo'úyraliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
sžbznc,šKzza	sžbznc,šKccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
zzäčüK-arrut	zzäčüK-rošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
SmÁl.t	SmÁl.še	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
lgSáäuit	lgSáäutežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
ükaoüKMfžét	ükaoüKMfžét	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
leaŧbMzűžuläit	leŧbMzűžulädiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
zhjd,hpéyFt	zhjd,hpéyFleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íbuŧűŋfvat	íbuŧűŋfvot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
bžIfÁ,mčŋahkit	bžIfÁ,mčŋgežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
ürodot	ürodožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
óf-hvžFu	óf-hvžFui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
awđöúõ .it	awđöúõ .ášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
 ekhCgüŋt	 ekhCgüŋvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋŧú.tóRfčat	ŋŧú.tóRfču	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
xö K K áat	xö K K átažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
f' stösat	f' stö'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
geaAŧ'ahüŧéit	geAŧ'ahüŧéet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Ávkyšül'dnat	Ávkyšül'tnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
botoilórvőt	booilórvőlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đSKxüöeižt	đSKxüöeižbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goa,cäšŋigcut	go,cäšŋigcvuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
túõfr-úáhat	túõfr-úáhgaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zfáŋwpaMzt	zfáŋwpaMzdiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
 zíwSüjddut	 zíwSüjttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
õgoäcac,s	õgoäcac,sa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
 čuRhrt	 čuRhrjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bieyúvhíit	biyúvhíot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
žúazi-su	žúazi-u	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ŋúŋAkõItdwhčat	ŋúŋAkõItdwžašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
,IFäf-čó.ggat	,IFäf-čó.kkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
õš-möõckhpi	õš-möõckbiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
veayrwéä'aáit	veyrwéä'aáoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
rsÁüzFCžyt	rsÁüzFCžybehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
yvmswit	yvmswkášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
kšhnxpgujõat	kšhnxpgujõkai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
R.sšü'-eit	R.sšü'-eeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
A đŧ,á-č,rát	A đŧ,á-č,'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
 j wAkräSt	 j wAkräSdiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ítsknut	ítsknos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
üz tgŋjégit	üz tgŋjéggálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 guiläús	 guiläúsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
šöAűápmat	šöAűámažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
öxyõŧ',emkti	öxyõŧ',emvttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
xŋyFnős	xŋyFnősas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
űCŧCőACű,ía	űCŧCőACű,íain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
cMsígecrtddu	cMsígecrtttus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
'čõöcđé't	'čõöcđé'jehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
bw-ŋvvat	bw-ŋvaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
frFčS'Ájat	frFčS'Ájet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
IíMpMű Crobmat	IíMpMű Crommažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
áFSodlli	áFSodliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buoáŧpjK ut	buáŧpjK dolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nvcóÁđCFút	nvcóÁđCFút	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
mŋ'SFasj'űn	mŋ'SFasj'űmiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
űóärK.ammut	űóärK.mmoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
áFC pt	áFC plit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jõ oahűáFabbut	jõ oahűáFppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
I é'Kpfut	I é'Kpfo	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
Áiűvsktit	Áiűvsvttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
,ÁKőIiMI-st	,ÁKőIiMI-sžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
őíjIMoääFmtit	őíjIMoääFmežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
.jcwúšFt	.jcwúšFvččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieyéõvščá pat	čiyéõvščá pen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
R-őnü,iačat	R-őnü,iaažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
n üpđšŋlóit	n üpđšŋlóihkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
 b.dõId.Cit	 b.dõId.Cdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
éIÁMIiäIfCljut	éIÁMIiäIfCjošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
R äj.-äIddit	R äj.-äIttášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
bö-üžíõaűccut	bö-üžíõaűcožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ApAduŧ őrit	ApAduŧ őret	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŋI ÁgŧoCit	ŋI ÁgŧoCeappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
FvAdčgut	FvAdčgguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
FőfűvRáy-a	FőfűvRáy-gain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ÁőKŧsie,zdnat	ÁőKŧsie,ztnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
gđšÁčbđšat	gđšÁčbđšá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
n ívóŋálát	n ívóŋá'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
KkCőúéz- t	KkCőúéz- še	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ő-.nCyapat	ő-.nCyaalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zšsAyt	zšsAyjehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
tõ. ,at	tõ. ,os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
MmiFocywat	MmiFocywkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
s'.pfđdáit	s'.pfđdái	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
čhge ülsoidni	čhge ülsinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
pÁwxn,cat	pÁwxn,cgalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čfRüdv hõt	čfRüdv hõjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guorü üsKőK.šat	gurü üsKőK.šet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
yusncMót	yusncMóbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
guöh lat	guöh ažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
ce'žFhkat	ce'žFgašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
újmí,sinüdnáde	etniidújmí,sinütte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
- úhyÁkčat	- úhyÁkči	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
,R'CoFat	,R'CoFá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
üđŧjAkcut	üđŧjAvccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õw l.a	õw l.an	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
yégŋzt	yégŋzvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
uAš-Sõt	uAš-Sõbuin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
žúCúzhgáit	žúCúzhgátášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
kbiűFxáäđit	kbiűFxáäđeappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
 náž't	 náž'ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
uúoéI úülut	uúoéI úü'lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
iy,läa	iy,läsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
äjđ'kzŋISt	äjđ'kzŋISba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cadúđl'dKÁaőSt	caúđl'dKÁaőSt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaRSyAÁvKbrčut	reRSyAÁvKbrčrožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
 űRarjRäfit	 űRarjRäftežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luon.döáűűűKtit	lun.döáűűűKii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
őrSclz-wóot	őrSclz-wóobehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧéds'bwsat	ŧéds'bwažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
wđSprŋt	wđSprŋbus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ny,iúőgtna	ny,iúőgnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
 žrđtat	 žrđtat	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
'úyÁlzagđit	'úyÁlzagášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
óaccgKohöbmat	óaccgKohömmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dadA.đbSt	daA.đbSžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
zžSeülat	zžSeülgai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
z-ŋKbut	z-ŋKbtole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧ'wäcä,at	ŧ'wäcä,oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋtu Ct	ŋtu Cbuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
ég õéaűáat	ég õéaűáen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋđč It	ŋđč Ijehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
saeűSŋt	saeűSŋi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šxáőulut	šxáőulšožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ftüIűéčőđhčit	ftüIűéčőđžii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
SäuíÁyhki	SäuíÁygiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
đcÁwčrat	đcÁwčašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ágrűvü ée,a	ágrűvü ée,saiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
j öiáünat	j öiáünkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CmÁiz-ShMys	CmÁiz-ShMyssii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
övžf.,t	övžf.,bu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ű aŧAúteővat	ű aŧAúteőažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
tí.ä .rargut	tí.ä .rrggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Anc óut	Anc óduidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
žcjđŧtövrrit	žcjđŧtövrrehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
jléCFđévggut	jléCFđévkkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
äxSáhlxIi	äxSáhlxIdiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
cfp''ŋalli	cfp''ŋliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
sS-nwabbut	sS-nwppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
žäláSSIi	žäláSSIbit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
míax,wŧtzohcat	míax,wŧtzozažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
oKAhúš	oKAhúžžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boaRürKtŧa bit	boRürKtŧa bdii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
kkw-jeKrat	kkw-jeKaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
rCõkzit	rCõkze	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuoMypknR' sjit	čuMypknR' sjos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
cgSűudIait	cgSűudIadáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úMuzöüaÁait	úMuzöüaÁau	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
Abäeäamos	Abäeäpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
bSvÁmu	bSvÁmu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
.nuCödúém'at	.nuCödúém'gale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohcögđMRnöSt	ozögđMRnöSšin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
zSwlztápwdjut	zSwlztápwjo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
cvMnáävt	cvMnáävbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
dgrv'vűxMzat	dgrv'vűxMzvašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
jőRéksat	jőRékaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
oživyu,hlkčat	oživyu,hlvččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Fečŋõhcat	Fečŋõzalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fAuRõpšlhtit	fAuRõpšlđášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaobRAÁji,éut	reobRAÁji,éoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
FhdKžŋõtit	FhdKžŋõáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Cj-wa,at	Cj-wa,et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
põoiúSwtat	põoiúSwan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuozhŋršm úput	čuzhŋršm úpo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
díRknCxõaibmut	díRknCxõimmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
veanuóŋri	venuóŋrgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ŋoüŧ'ddat	ŋoüŧ'ttaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
Á,tt.uwwáa	Á,tt.uwwáđamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
űšCRIča	űšCRIčan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
igCíűzACpxit	igCíűzACpxdále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vuFéőpíFallut	vuFéőpíFlošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuođz,Ikut	vuđz,Ikkoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
néet'-vöüat	néet'-vöüet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ycááMtjckt	ycááMtjckt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 óÁdjÁnxAhcut	 óÁdjÁnxAzuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
čšígRt	čšígRža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
áít Idkit	áít Idežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
wa yvpmi	wa yvmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
óäőaođki	óäőaođis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
žđei h rat	žđei h aiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Mscnééi	Mscnééin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
éon oőit	éon oőtiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ömhgŋö'črat	ömhgŋö'čalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
j-aekSbvat	j-aekSbašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joaäaI d'ait	joäaI d'aot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
úehhít	úehhíbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
đbkRŋrggat	đbkRŋrkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
 vIŧSsdjõAut	 vIŧSsdjõAvun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
đFrxgFhkit	đFrxgFgáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
őjŧsnxlat	őjŧsnxažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
wöjK-it	wöjK-tášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guočbvAaiat	gučbvAaiet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
đíúxÁAoefi	đíúxÁAoefiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
-Mčásá t	-Mčásá behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
uxŧorM-dna	uxŧorM-nna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
wyMögäzFsMat	wyMögäzFsMon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
óüühSvtúbamos	óüühSvtúbpmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
h-Kŋrlat	h-Kŋr'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
'úmrszStrt	'úmrszStrbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
íhŧxílRt	íhŧxílRbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
j-svőShuadjit	ejj-svőShužat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
dÁfvtáit	dÁfvtátášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
fsssŧcnáit	fsssŧcnáe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
aMötwõvlit	aMötwõvldáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gŧó,na	gŧó,nat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Föyvwőlji	Föyvwőji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
dFfö-bxargŋut	dFfö-bxrkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luoMSxMtóyőit	luMSxMtóyőtii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
hŧlpőCnőhpat	hŧlpőCnőbaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 čkMoünúRgŋat	 čkMoünúRkŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
íyxépctsfgit	íyxépctsfggežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
Rml,af,tFóat	Rml,af,tFóoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
éiešbIRit	éiešbIRdášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
sűRanópa	sűRanóas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
FíhsASpíŧš	FíhsASpíŧččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
őj'dÁhzb'vcis	őj'dÁhzb'váin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
K,nklíhkat	K,nklígašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
žvžAsvFxhat	žvžAsvFxhdat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Affzövklúgat	Affzövklúgzašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
cžäeűíKAFet	cžäeűíKAFettain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
MCóSbÁžakŋat	MCóSbÁžaŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
nhõóű at	nhõóű dažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
healKóäISc ut	helKóäISc guiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 üöfIat	 üöfIda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
iésöjzit	iésöjzet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
RjüäŧFCKt	RjüäŧFCKleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
, spAät	, spAät	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
zAŋAála	zAŋAáa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roaMFKeő,Rit	roMFKeő,Re	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
őcjyCSat	őcjyCSdaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Rciõ ülat	Rciõ üaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fyžŋsaéat	fyžŋsaéka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
I eruci	I eruit	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
b Sűõa	b Sűõii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
sbÁceat	sbÁceet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
vžCnŧyheu	vžCnŧyheun	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
h'xAíMbnAurat	h'xAíMbnAualeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 l ótssi	 l ótssái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čanSÁit	čanSÁet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
síp-ŧt	síp-ŧvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
IÁüSkz-t	IÁüSkz-dis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
Ixkč it	Ixkč eidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dAŋkwŧvzat	dAŋkwŧvziddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
šlryíyójvát	šlryíyój'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
Ikvé kwAit	Ikvé kwAeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
űjíŧäChsat	űjíŧäChsbaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wKÁhif Iŧrhkit	wKÁhif Iŧrgežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
íšdjRóbžit	íšdjRóbži	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juoiIc  yűut	juiIc  yűbuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
őspIõSgŋat	őspIõSkŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lÁčá ddat	lÁčá ttale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pM ,-űxt	pM ,-űxvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
R puädit	R puädeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
xő KáAuáÁžrat	xő KáAuáÁža	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boažA,ámkut	božA,ámkdolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úRčtF-ö a	úRčtF-ö a	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
šŧőRžat	šŧőRžtaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoaéčő ŧöéoúi	čoéčő ŧöéoúgiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
fpŋ,öAnčévt	fpŋ,öAnčévbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čRufŧFrŋot	čRufŧFrŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
lđ-rčdt	lđ-rčdbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
čjmophpat	čjmopbaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
C' ŧ,'ŋgža	C' ŧ,'ŋgžan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
mIö,'g-A st	mIö,'g-A sšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
őwčõšjrčit	őwčõšjrčeappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
õčyóÁ'uit	õčyóÁ'ui	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
oAõacxAcat	oAõacxAcgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
  öjmat	  öjmi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
uóiÁäűyőgáat	uóiÁäűyőgákaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Kmõdđa	Kmõdđtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
rRŧi éis	rRŧi étásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
žxCŧf,rat	žxCŧf,ašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
šRddRAtit	šRddRAežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
đéafüíRoit	đéafüíRoeappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
bűúőClz'Rvat	bűúőClz'Ralit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
všiuRt	všiuRža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
íöyuMđvglt	íöyuMđvglt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čxn'nhMput	čxn'nhMut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ódcit s	ódcit sa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
gaíŋ'ežzbsamos	gaíŋ'ežzbspmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
žK'đzIlit	žK'đzIáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
õdčuM.űlat	õdčuM.űlot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
  jthõKg vit	  jthõKg vet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuo'SííK'R.it	vu'SííK'R.et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋođm- mmas	ŋođm- bmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
naSycžCát	naSycžCába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cočšüSéíyat	cokkaleičšüSéíya	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
aimIóŧAit	aimIóŧAtiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
R úlCft	R úlCfžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋŋKhöfípovssu	ŋŋKhöfípksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ro,kMät	ro,kMäšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
íAj ž Rla	íAj ž Ra	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
.áMSõežSxŧa	.áMSõežSxaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
krkovhvnkFčat	krkovhvnkFalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šS,d ŋnoggut	šS,d ŋnkkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óIõmivsuat	óIõmivsuet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
 'heph övšat	 'heph övašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
aCe ,mđlđi	aCe ,mđlđin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
hümAšRs.t	hümAšRs.idet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
-őSIóiKut	-őSIóiKdožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
üđűxe,sat	üđűxe,ai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ä-xtöóž ut	ä-xtöóž os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
heašc üúIbobFut	hešc üúIbobFgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
rCMčtvi	rCMčtvái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Fč'v.đt	Fč'v.đt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
nchõAMžõzit	nchõAMžõzdáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čŋoKta	čŋoKta	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buowfđé.öbüit	buwfđé.öbüen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
wöeőjcŧt	wöeőjcŧbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuoéfŋxúuošMtut	čuéfŋxúuošMtkuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
áC.tŋey,bhpat	áC.tŋey,bbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gxjmšošt	gxjmšošba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Ruäxb.IjÁdnit	Ruäxb.IjÁnniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cadücwFövgjt	caücwFövgjžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ÁyožRb-őžit	ÁyožRb-őžebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
AÁ,CraRa	AÁ,CraRaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
útpšSedna	útpšSennaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
űIčuw-äžlát	űIčuw-äž'lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
FríöyöüRyÁtta	FríöyöüRyÁddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
šóKCduSCtut	šóKCduSCošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dipCbäMA'šéüt	diCbäMA'šéüžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
néerF.K a	néerF.K a	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
xóómsűKwäit	xóómsűKwäon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
h'piCđčs	h'piCđčs	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
eűavmhkat	eűavmgašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
eawvpÁkžű fat	eawvpÁkžű ažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
öiMáiaggut	öiMáikkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
FezÁŧŧyRpa	FezÁŧŧyRpa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
jüdčÁoóFóit	jüdčÁoóFóehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
 đAAštÁat	 đAAštÁon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
Iíőamrőhbbi	Iíőamrőhppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
yiloCiit	yiloCii	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
óõŧő  Ffvttir	óõŧő  Ffktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dieŋStäwhut	diŋStäwhbošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
od,aKrjíar	od,aKrjíkariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
óvcžcčbtna	óvcžcčbna	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Áö,Swüõaikut	Áö,Swüõikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éR zvit	éR zvi	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
.KŧnnűKűđvat	.KŧnnűKűđvkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Sšnpvwdammut	Sšnpvwdmmot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jxnúu'j'dna	jxnúu'j'nnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
seačhšaMíut	sečhšaMíoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
fá.f,ahcut	fá.f,zoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-Awucrőgt	-Awucrőggain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
FKŋhkxsyaíi	FKŋhkxsyaíái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
fűCéúveit	fűCéúveon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doa-raŧFíuzut	do-raŧFíuzvošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
lok đšöšđwvpt	lovt đšöšđwvpime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
őAIčcrF,ŋit	őAIčcrF,ŋtáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xÁo  t	xÁo  jehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
jŧí. I'Sht	jŧí. I'Shle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óőŋgécat	óőŋgéažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧožIMčŧxeat	ŧožIMčŧxekažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
áŧőđKat	áŧőđKe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuodecs kíat	vuecs kíaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
jCűKtobit	jCűKtobežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Águmé áat	Águmé áoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
tnüé.yApmas	tnüé.yAbmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
hepúőeat	hepúőevaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
pwÁh.vit	pwÁh.veappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
úhwst'It	úhwst'Iba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
fuÁé,ys	fuÁé,ysin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gikáRđvbkt	givsáRđvbkleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wFj.dŧž óddut	wFj.dŧž óttuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
áõ šezvat	áõ šezale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šŧo,ít	šŧo,íga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
vMvRiyűut	vMvRiyűboleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úäorvsst	úäorvssba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
öžcMoŧmtáát	öžcMoŧmtáán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čieMdék'Cõűat	čiMdék'Cõűet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
AžőfAit	AžőfAkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
édáizőüeŋ,ut	édáizőüeŋ,ložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
tj ÁvbFŋnđt	tj ÁvbFŋnđdiid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
úxclivnäpt	úxclivnäpt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ešlíwet	ešlíwii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ü,õjõõFüőut	ü,õjõõFüőcolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jížSoÁt	jížSoÁt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
oäln, hta	oäln, đaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
özIkIabmat	özIkIammaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žtőmjAvebst	žtőmjAvebsžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
Rxvšoit	Rxvšoeažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
űnđč at	űnđč á	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
oeSFjwäuvat	oeSFjwäuaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
íKl-Káfjéhkat	íKl-Káfjégažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suoäIŧ'Ait	suäIŧ'Aet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ri IúáaKgat	riebaž IúáaKget	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ö.p žkcut	ö.p žvcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
KAdKaöjmba	KAdKaöjmhpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
CõsüFahci	CõsüFziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čea . cfat	če . cfon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
lIaog,crát	lIaog,c'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yčyörRš'Mvat	yčyörRš'Mašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
öšwhé-oht	öšwhé-ohše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
xdŋtMõ.Ciyit	xdŋtMõ.Ciytáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jzóééúpSrat	jzóééúpSaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xoyzwõokčat	xoyzwõovččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
vyaAđit	vyaAđdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
líõ .Iakcut	líõ .Ivccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dadm.ŋcyFsrt	dam.ŋcyFsršeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
gaM,eotit	gaM,eotoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
õžéŋÁ'ži	õžéŋÁ'žin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
žh lŋ.la	žh lŋ.aid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ŋõ.gusŧvCit	ŋõ.gusŧvCeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ózFžúrcht	ózFžúrcht	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Áévüíoj. a	Áévüíoj. la	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
'änzwzšat	'änzwzaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ü üfaCit	ü üfaCan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ídiäŋpxdégut	ídiäŋpxdéggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
á,đwõ ft	á,đwõ fbuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
fkóöšuSSŋõit	fkóöšuSSŋõos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
xoiMyRymér	xoiMyRymériin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Cém Sjat	Cém Sjgalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-űõyöűlKóit	-űõyöűlKóeiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Fpbmáttnit	Fpbmátnežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
mkpóazMúat	mkpóazMúdaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öŧCŋáákõst	öŧCŋáákõsšeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ItzóAmedjat	ItzóAmdjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
äõđM,Iõpíéš	äõđM,Iõpíéččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
,ráöocyt	,ráöocybehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
jjűRáugbvit	jjűRáugbále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muot vSFŋhit	mut vSFŋhoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
'njđkkit	'njđkket	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
MžÁuŋsAđAbgas	MžÁuŋsAđAbasa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
m'žöyüa	m'žöyülaid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
o.õRuivit	o.õRuivat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
õoduRđwt	õoduRđwšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átžttÁ üksät	ážttÁ üksäide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
xMúbű- k-Ct	xMúbű- k-Cn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
šžájKRet	šžájKRiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
cáax,Fűykt	cáax,Fűykšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ASúeđšű-Iut	ASúeđšű-Ios	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuonpc íRut	čunpc íRkožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
kfšuS A'Múeigut	kfšuS A'Múiggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rRCđÁdnádet	etniinrRCđÁttet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
áõŧäaõzSšzt	áõŧäaõzSšzšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boaj gkóut	boj gkóduimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
n--ŋäAÁčat	n--ŋäAÁaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
zuíŋséMnKit	zuíŋséMnKdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ka-űéđit	ka-űéášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
đrpíl-üheCt	đrpíl-üheCleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,-éo.eoüut	,-éo.eoüdut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
öloäbRlat	öloäbRašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
lđráRsat	lđráRaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ldl éjCgoit	ldl éjCgoeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
FóűóAűűAit	FóűóAűűAežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
x ööFčúKdš	x ööFčúKdččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ÁvwMdplwut	ÁvwMdplwdošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
 oFóőírmt	 oFóőírmžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
Iőv'mljut	Iőv'mjožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
bzŧöwät	bzŧöwävččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
õ.vMlzxoŧr	õ.vMlzxoŧra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
š đwvd'zmat	š đwvd'zmá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šóšKbRŋhci	šóšKbRŋzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
üdđfahpat	üdđfabat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
j.ípžžallut	j.ípžžloleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öpíMisklat	öpíMiskažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
'úxnyr	'úxnyra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
đäÁx xn,t	đäÁx xn,t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
xrj,ŧđRsyft	xrj,ŧđRsyft	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čiečÁúöűiat	čičÁúöűiet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
móIõoőAhcska	móIõoőAhcneaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
mSájóKnxit	mSájóKnxi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
đsgvxgdat	đsgvxgdet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
mvőgí-š,a't	mvőgí-š,a'jin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
üášõIõaa	üášõIõaan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ŋyaFCöé'úálat	ŋyaFCöé'úáaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šCópgžit	šCópgžos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
yčhptt	yčhptjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
úy,zúišõhat	úy,zúišõhkale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
M,.šú-rat	M,.šú-aime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
fšc.úiIjit	fšc.úiIjebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ACFnđ-ycut	ACFnđ-yošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
aSIeúűbíúrut	aSIeúűbíúo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
síčűnđxhža	síčűnđxhžat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
džMsž'õit	džMsž'õon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
uŧlpzxIÁit	uŧlpzxIÁan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
dklzžkõÁait	dklzžkõÁaeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
xđFÁ Cat	xđFÁ Ckaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
tbuűükšIClát	tbuűükšIC'láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Mđč vüš	Mđč vüžiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
äKgđsat	äKgđsdažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
lARxjíűhhkat	lARxjíűhgažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
cüüFRlúkžwrat	cüüFRlúkžwat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
.ClŧtiMjd.i	.ClŧtiMjd.jit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
nšfCbaRpggut	nšfCbaRpkkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ACzRušpÁyüš	ACzRušpÁyüža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
žnlíümSat	žnlíümSat	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
' đõ-Meu-a	ole ' đõ-Meu-nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ühhóűeki	ühhóűeeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
.s.oušŋa	.s.oušŋkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
t'áŋ,yhözčta	olisit t'áŋ,yhözčnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
ääbcšS-jä	ääbcšS-jkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ŋízztŧövža	olemme ŋízztŧövžeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
réRzöđIwénen	réRzöđIwésilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
äõöI'x-öaja	äõöI'x-öajoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
neKgűnen	neKgűsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
äüäpőűi	äüäpőűilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
šočoSí'ä	olisi šočoSí'nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
šužskFö	šužskFöitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
žbCs-zói	žbCs-zóeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
tc.oCl,u	tc.oCl,una	N;FRML;SG;finnish
 üSR,RícgFo	 üSR,RícgFoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
hjtvIŧ.rä	älkööt hjtvIŧ.rkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
íI.'Afä	íI.'Afisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
ijMtíxvmía	ei ijMtíxvmínut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
gmhzFgmSa	älköön gmhzFgmSko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
,néõsoŧui	,néõsoŧuien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
rűAüŧs	rűAüŧs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
vyhŧnMva	vyhŧnMva	V;NFIN;finnish
võdnhixúelä	älköön võdnhixúekö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
,ACufxúRi	,ACufxúRissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
 õáMK.éši	 õáMK.éšilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Rzŧjüŋ,,a	lienee Rzŧjüŋ,,tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
dÁ,KwtžüCtyä	älköön dÁ,KwtžüCdyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
Seanö ä	olisi Seanö ty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
óŧKüeőSa	emme liene óŧKüeőSneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
rhé'zyi	rhé'zyista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
MõéÁFKe	MõéÁFKeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Ki óoKnen	Ki óoKsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
bűMđeta	bűMđenille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Áđtű,Fvia	Áđtű,Fvioiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
xIsRiitaa	ette xIsRiia	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
vš óeäžfs	vš óeäžfdelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
rufzFósn-ki	rufzFósn-eille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
dRnõFéSdata	en dRnõFéSdkaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ič xícõöđä	on ič xícõöđnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ödóÁmúdnza	et ödóÁmúdnzne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
 rü,žeti	 rü,žeilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
,RamxfpsCa	,RamxfpsCoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ožR  Áyđotla	älkäämme ožR  Áyđotko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
iŧ.Kagp űxi	iŧ.Kagp űxien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
o'neokyt	o'neokeisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
.Kža'a	olisin .Kža'nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
đdäC rzža	đdäC rzžkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
RmMŋ RoMŧIa	ei ollut RmMŋ RoMŧIut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
iósyÁä	iósyÁästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
putűsyi	putűsyeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
eo éRmüxóša	eo éRmüxóšassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
nAnŋpcggs	nAnŋpcggdet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
awŧuŧbwgnen	awŧuŧbwgsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
gžd ema	olin gžd emnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
lbS,údö' dtaa	lbS,údö' dettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
npéčKiščRkta	ette npéčKiščRknneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
Ađná,dAää	älköön Ađná,dAettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
dtíđfv d'k	dtíđfv d'keille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
sfaÁMsčAa	älkäämme sfaÁMsčAko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
iawkva	olen iawkvnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
potkxÁta	ei potkxÁta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
SűnMŧđata	ette SűnMŧđpaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
AFs õAhtä	lienemme AFs õAhtneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
KRcÁ,,õgÁka	KRcÁ,,õgÁoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
w'nkaűSä	en ole w'nkaűSnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
i Sz,ő'ä	lienet i Sz,ő'nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennäpõÁőtösüőn	menivätpõÁőtösüőn	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
z'űS.Faa	z'űS.Fi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
zy.šŧína	eivät zy.šŧínne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
íwaŧzzčõta	lienemme íwaŧzzčõnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
whmer-Fđs	whmer-Fđksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ŋts-kSva	ŋts-kSvaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
abKžáI'Aéžtaa	abKžáI'Aéžettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
úüCFúéeAŧi	úüCFúéeAŧille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ästRdi	ästRdi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ejlőKšđ,mä	ejlőKšđ,miin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
 bš-čFCi	 bš-čFCiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ülžIisÁAkda	ülžIisÁAkdoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
fŋ  CűCíti	fŋ  CűCíteja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
tCđKéMlwöä	älköön olko tCđKéMlwötty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
rxz.azAi	rxz.azAia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
RmIx.vmas	RmIx.vpailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ufüőpi	ufüőpissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
äänűFRóa	ette olisi äänűFRóneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
Rp,Fűi	Rp,Fűea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
fŋAx,y	fŋAx,y	N;NOM;SG;finnish
úwjföõis	úwjföõiksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
hűáéÁKztä	eivät olisi hűáéÁKznneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
Rŧyjtévä tajuntansa	Rŧyjtévkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
KzlűlpKshti	KzlűlpKshille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
jdhwás	jdhwákset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
khyrúFäa	khyrúFäoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ySh'móIlIŋnen	ySh'móIlIŋsella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
űIAgös	űIAgödellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
črü'd'gđla	ei liene črü'd'gđlttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
wAMS'čűi	wAMS'čűeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
äa,Ffzűi	äa,Ffzűia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
 ,öölgš yüa	en ole  ,öölgš yünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
dméžFAsta	dméžFAsava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
xip.tröxa	xip.tröxit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
 dŧžútűsa	lienen  dŧžútűsnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
r ó ämAe	r ó ämAkeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
aäkionáüitä	älkäämme olko aäkionáüinneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
phÁűúnen	phÁűúsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
k änxaRúnen	k änxaRúsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
SgáõkCtđs	SgáõkCtđksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋIéksIta	ŋIéksIsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
bÁyávõatu	bÁyávõaduin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
õŧzK.tyä	õŧzK.nytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
đűđlMtrúCni	đűđlMtrúCni	N;NOM;SG;finnish
RönaíŧžFä	ette RönaíŧžFisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
í.Fđ.wéhóa	í.Fđ.wéhóa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
lúkiõräa	olisitte lúkiõräneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
oŋ õMőSska	oŋ õMőSsalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Sa a a	Sa a oitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
aS-sikši	aS-sikšille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
üigCCÁtRKytaa	ei üigCCÁtRKyettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
,Feöfü a	olimme ,Feöfü neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
gáüúöaa	oli gáüúöettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
ulvéwc đKji	ulvéwc đKjeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
möđ.űüócöa	möđ.űüócöi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
tltKčzo	tltKčzoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
únáFiAđšé'a	ei ole únáFiAđšé'nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
üđvÁwfa	üđvÁwfaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
s.đpóüzuxči	s.đpóüzuxčeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
jőÁrži	jőÁržille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ŧrőbzínóóšda	et ŧrőbzínóóšnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
aöbcčtIoi	aöbcčtIoiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ŧmžsöIja	ŧmžsöIjkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
üxuzMóeóe	üxuzMóeóteet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
šCéáda	ette olisi šCéádneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
   gb,to	   gb,dot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ÁűaüAa	ei olisi ÁűaüAnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
eáózKzo,stää	on eáózKzo,setty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
mjezxlvhunnen	mjezxlvhunsestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
-aj,äüo	-aj,äüoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
õ-dáytä	olkaamme õ-dáynneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Cg.xűuäós	Cg.xűuäós	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ÁMlxbäa	ÁMlxbäa	V;NFIN;finnish
upŧbíŧuIzdu	upŧbíŧuIzdujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
MRóipŋä	MRóipŋät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
õdCföFxi	õdCföFxeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
kšzbfr'a	kšzbfr'at	N;ACC;PL;finnish
cxőpäIAkIda	ei olisi cxőpäIAkItu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
 IéűkftoMa	olen  IéűkftoMnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
äSutka	äSutkojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ÁlŧráCvata	ei ÁlŧráCvanne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
cMRrásóFa	ei cMRrásóFisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
fRRyFFüža	et fRRyFFüžut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
-xžÁa,la	-xžÁa,taneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
Fu'íxđeŧxMka	Fu'íxđeŧxMan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
.äušöxÁÁŋta	olivat .äušöxÁÁŋnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
aäcŋ-nyen	aäcŋ-nyen	N;ACC;SG;finnish
oõfp FnűAs	oõfp FnűAs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
šRđbltaa	šRđblramme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
mljÁFfa	mljÁFfoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
nđIy'Cwy	nđIy'Cwyittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
űk'žšđđltua	űk'žšđđlduttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
óú,Kita	ei óú,Kise	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
éCőRbíšRa	ette éCőRbíšRe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
n,žols	n,žols	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ü KüRjccs	ü KüRjccksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
rđen,a	olivat rđen,neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
wő íía	wő ííissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
đhsfšFsta	đhsfšFsamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
I'éátMfwčnen	I'éátMfwčset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
SIyőuuti	SIyőuueista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
IÁkuIä	IÁkuInet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
IŋzkkőoAua	et IŋzkkőoAu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
Knužhcdä	olimme Knužhcneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
őKŧvgpđo	őKŧvgpđona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
lšeűAdõzi	lšeűAdõzit	N;NOM;PL;finnish
öõ'õCóŋä	et ole öõ'õCóŋnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
níyvšz.ga	emme níyvšz.gneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
puóóđxdCi	puóóđxdCein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ačõsjyäáűa	olit ačõsjyäáűnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
wyműõđnóti	wyműõđnónit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
oégtgFAtMa	älkää olko oégtgFAtMneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
äzücúSóűÁa	äzücúSóűÁitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
törxjžpíwüä	emme olleet törxjžpíwüeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
íAoz.ka	eivät olleet íAoz.kneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
űulőCga	űulőCgoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
čeäŧčä	emme čeäŧčne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
'Cŧigđžwŋžu	'Cŧigđžwŋžuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ss éxs	ss éxksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
őõKg.éáÁčús	őõKg.éáÁčúksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
S.eMgua	S.eMgunemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
pő.Rfvõi	pő.Rfvõeillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
uöívdlda	en ollut uöívdlnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
oepntSõa	oepntSõan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
eőkjpa	eőkjpat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
un-gcrxa	olit un-gcrxnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
údtxxf s	údtxxf kseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
iesfgxióRea	et ole iesfgxióRenut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
 ShRp.úika	 ShRp.úiassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
SŧúÁpü sptää	SŧúÁpü sprettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
šaljód .ya	en liene šaljód .ynut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
IA,Áv'ő yä	eivät olleet IA,Áv'ő yneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
,ü,sMríä	olette ,ü,sMríeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
xóbõžiúha	xóbõžiúhat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Áäm omCújtä	Áäm omCújnästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
búebúácda	búebúácn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
uMŋKŧus lähisukulaisten kesken	uMŋKŧudeksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
Rv áwžđüta	Rv áwžđünnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
h.Sóxõaa	ei liene h.Sóxõettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
.MxwűóFnša	.MxwűóFnšoilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ŧžxFsŋsžla	ei ole ŧžxFsŋsžlut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
skylícölöíko	skylícölöíoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
n'Kđiic-i	n'Kđiic-einä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ó Aeswknen	ó Aeswksta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
.byFížiä	.byFížiisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
eoeúSóvÁtaa	eoeúSóvÁdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
KyÁŧgia	KyÁŧgia	N;ACC;SG;finnish
I.iőMeđo	I.iőMeđoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
'úaű,iu	'úaű,iista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Sü-šRže	Sü-šRžteineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
nÁlž.zőAeetaa	nÁlž.zőAeeettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
,jbüóo	,jbüóolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
.lzdSKuđa	.lzdSKuđoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
téŋolűnen	téŋolűsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
jöóõFeűwŋa	lienette jöóõFeűwŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
iž žüóp-i	iž žüóp-ista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
Áóúőŋpka	Áóúőŋpat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ySfiđca	ySfiđcin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ű,őő'őxy,a	ű,őő'őxy,oja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
škué-ŧ-gRo	škué-ŧ-gRon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ŧfíua.u	ŧfíua.un	N;GEN;SG;finnish
sSatéhmünen	sSatéhmüsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Mdčm v r	Mdčm v rille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
b-rđfR-fdka	b-rđfR-fdalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
uopíéfa	uopíéfasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
CvsCpIáa	CvsCpIáilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
aAéSb da	aAéSb takoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
nK zmä	ei ole nK zmnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
šördFaóm-a	lienet šördFaóm-nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
oRezűšhõÁa	oRezűšhõÁassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
õSöxFti	õSöxFnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Ffjšvtua	ei ollut Ffjšvduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
yAÁF-íhőúőta	olin yAÁF-íhőúőnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
s,Ihóo	s,Ihóoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
,Azäö üi	,Azäö üeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ttzxlKxFta	ttzxlKxFee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
St-pőŋola	St-pőŋokaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
jSSMIéda	ei jSSMIéne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
vmerkbtõoäa	vmerkbtõoäa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
tŧoáőŋdvtfo	tŧoáőŋdvtfoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
m'KađxeöCbe	m'KađxeöCbeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
imŧc-IAwika	imŧc-IAwjalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
nütl-Cta	et ollut nütl-Cnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
üCítÁčičo	üCítÁčičo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
đgKxtóbűõa	đgKxtóbűõnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
žŧFš-po	žŧFš-oiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
nóänci	nóäncia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
 Ffa,ä	eivät  Ffa,isi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
wIsügŧbšSri	wIsügŧbšSreissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ruzCgi	ruzCgit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
dčféŧíCa	dčféŧíCat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
FSÁxyžbža	et FSÁxyžbžne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
MđáíeRnzdi	MđáíeRnzdeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
fuAzäKfSáxnen	fuAzäKfSáxsessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Iáagpao	Iáagpaolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
vÁlrfoa	oli vÁlrfotu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
púmčóčőAuta	ovat púmčóčőAunneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ümhIikat	ümhIikilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
šn.iwIu	šn.iwIuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
MAŋgŋi	MAŋgŋin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ÁhŧScIellä	ei ÁhŧScItele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
é.áf,lđua	é.áf,lđuoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
 áCnéúsűyIa	olkoon  áCnéúsűyIut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
őčwmAntaa mieleensä	ei őčwmAnettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
žbŧaaö	žbŧaaöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
umőouÁda	ei ollut umőouÁtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
k ódhRy	k ódhRyä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
sxbáčMyčes	sxbáčMyčesten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
AzöSđ,Ii	AzöSđ,Ieilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
M,r xda	olisimme M,r xneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
íeRb uFbaellä	íeRb uFbatelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
zeűűMnCfwtua	ei zeűűMnCfwduta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
đSyKrä	đSyKrnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
đđÁfrcŧš a	đđÁfrcŧš assa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
wüMaÁmSűcxtaa	wüMaÁmSűcxdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
 uCöjkvFc-i	 uCöjkvFc-issä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
zvgvŧSki	zvgvŧSeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Apxõžlbhüii	Apxõžlbhüieissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
űõRyIžCja	emme ole űõRyIžCjneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
vőübŧ'eAőzs	vőübŧ'eAőzs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
dóőákweda	eivät liene dóőákweneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ŧ',KSűK-as	ŧ',KSűK-kaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydäđFäuäzi	käynemmeđFäuäzi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
äkütõi	äkütõi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
kdnioKúőóa	on kdnioKúőónut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
IfRwüđđpa	eivät olisi IfRwüđđpneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
jKIKkp	jKIKkpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ž Aűoösa	olkaamme ž Aűoöseet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
-Á-žušayIöä	-Á-žušayIöänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ŋxrAžku	ŋxrAžuille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ldR.éáeka	en ole ldR.éáeknut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
-mRšöärItaa	ei ole -mRšöärIettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
jiMŋđ-ika	jiMŋđ-jat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
IRääípi	IRääíit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
čtúF áb'őnen	čtúF áb'ősillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ipRrK a	ipRrK a	N;ACC;SG;finnish
đnI,Füp'o	đnI,Füp'otta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Cárdsptlxnen	Cárdsptlxsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
ä cŧMCa	lienette ä cŧMCneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
véxÁy.xta	emme olisi véxÁy.xnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
šMvmbFác''a	en olisi šMvmbFác''nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ŧwvsü ähRn	ŧwvsü ähRmissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
űoéhza	eivät ole űoéhzeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ű--au.Keä	ű--au.Keineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
Idŧbb,rőÁnen	Idŧbb,rőÁsista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
i žmčkv,ís	i žmčkv,íksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ž,.őKä	olkaamme ž,.őKeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
iiCcxŋa	iiCcxŋaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
öCAŧ ömői	öCAŧ ömői	N;ACC;SG;finnish
vzz rCeibtää	vzz rCeibdettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
ŋewuxäuáčyka	ŋewuxäuáčyoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
m-yagűs	m-yagűksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
áM'm,Aä	ette ole áM'm,Aeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
wtüfMCčá Mi	wtüfMCčá Missä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
júäüda	júäüdaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
oFzõsíRz ua	et ollut oFzõsíRz unut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
MeRKMä	ole MeRKMnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
nűiyűä	ei olisi nűiyűnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
tógKn'-Io	tógKn'-Ioilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
šghüCnen	šghüCsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
rc.í.a	rc.í.aa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
íőűpõa	emme olleet íőűpõneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
r-Frŋža	älkäämme olko r-Frŋžneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
é.áFraöi	é.áFraöistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
öšđčhkkistua	öšđčhkkisdu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
vkszkgs	vkszkgksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
baűmdaűi	baűmdaűia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
Snhötä	oli Snhötnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
dzKícsčces	dzKícsčceksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
yIuáMs	yIuáMksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
zgni.öklva	eivät zgni.öklvneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
šöcF nen	šöcF sittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
áóöšSđ čyAu	áóöšSđ čyAut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
é.'ŋáKtä	é.'ŋáKnitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
RgRúüáäŋKet	RgRúüáäŋKiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
óímIeiö .s	óímIeiö .kseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
öőúzáäoá,u	öőúzáäoá,utta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
CÁyz,Ría	emme olleet CÁyz,Ríneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
  í .e	  í .e	N;ACC;SG;finnish
MRyMóta	olin MRyMónnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
übesgák,u	übesgák,usta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
nóűAlzdi	nóűAlzdien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
vAyéAŋúpnwdä	ei olisi vAyéAŋúpnwty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
žntöű,a	oli žntöű,nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
pÁüm.zmx s	pÁüm.zmx teen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
dúaoM-kä	dúaoM-knet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
xŧcčcu	xŧcčcu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Cxilöžxbita	Cxilöžxbiamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
äoüä tä	et ollut äoüä syt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
khddđjla	khddđjtaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
,SáöoRmyä	en olisi ,SáöoRmynyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
Ktüzjä	Ktüzjälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
éluCFúč'zAka	éluCFúč'zAoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
őkwRđ,Ccőä	őkwRđ,Ccőältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
y urIpŋtaa	y urIpŋettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
óuec,,vőjti	óuec,,vőjein	N;INS;PL;finnish
čéSswj'iűwta	ei liene čéSswj'iűwsut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
i.'vggüa	i.'vggütakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
zđz gRu	zđz gRu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
 Inűéella	 Inűételivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ihéššÁta	ihéššÁlatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
đdŧtőorđ.i	đdŧtőorđ.eilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋzŧsŋeAti	ŋzŧsŋeAteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
fFgst-a	olet fFgst-ut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
F víäälé ci	F víäälé cihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ÁŧjIRbwŋfto	ÁŧjIRbwŋftoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ešAcö yluđke	ešAcö yluđen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
y fháAa	emme y fháAneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ps,žj'det	ps,žj'ksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
đSfčKŧsI ä	đSfčKŧsI käämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
jäčõhša	olemme jäčõhšneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
 säxkÁs	 säxkÁalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
öoäúCílđa	öoäúCílđoita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Súžu'Aísõää	Súžu'Aísõäään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
uuő Cžya	en ollut uuő Cžyut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Kőiéč-öja	et liene Kőiéč-öjnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
džehtšön	džehtštömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
őáó bó-ŋSti	őáó bó-ŋSeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
đkíSõuüa	eivät đkíSõuüneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ldtzx,űžpa	ldtzx,űžpkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
d- neéáeta	emme liene d- neéáenneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
õ, íöMúAMvto	õ, íöMúAMvdolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
üŋk hoÁku	üŋk hoÁussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
đgf,äFF a	emme olisi đgf,äFF neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
ÁčđíšSa	ÁčđíšSoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ä'äSča	ä'äSčkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
žyuéórŋe	žyuéórŋeet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
zx yűõmAä	olit zx yűõmAnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
őrf,su.Kda	őrf,su.Kdoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
 CxSúeMsKgä	eivät olisi  CxSúeMsKgneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
ŧhavMjúuirä	ŧhavMjúuiröille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
 ačuxöa	et ollut  ačuxönut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
F bödiáCg s	F bödiáCg ksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
I úzwkö	I úzwöillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
SúáowöŋÁői	SúáowöŋÁőeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
oõfÁöői	oõfÁöőein	N;INS;PL;finnish
tú ggpõiuCa	lienemme tú ggpõiuCneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
íŧžKxtää	íŧžKxettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
Kvzdafa	emme liene Kvzdafneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
yxúIüóõčki	yxúIüóõčeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
 zä úFseé'n	 zä úFseé'mpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
Sdcndõpi	Sdcndõit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
õuIs.ó Asa	õuIs.ó Asalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
čejiš,i	čejiš,eilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
p.kKoIi	p.kKoIilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
 mŧFőőőSti	 mŧFőőőSille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
jxiFM,.i	jxiFM,.ien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ärűMéo	ärűMéolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
voáMäö ü nen	voáMäö ü seksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
gmskžÁoúúžnen	gmskžÁoúúžsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
zzhúzóű,taa	zzhúzóű,ettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
cöhűK.úä	emme olisi cöhűK.úneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
nSuFŧpdxMcda	nSuFŧpdxMckoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
 sóuSnta	olit  sóuSnnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
zdhAw súi	zdhAw súeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
x, Súpo	x, Súot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
yyiuwáűčKa	älköön olko yyiuwáűčKtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
gpä őIa	gpä őIkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
xk,é fbMo	xk,é fbMoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
 tF.hr fxä	 tF.hr fxisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
šžFsMmKä	šžFsMmKäksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
šŧ-IrKxd'ki	šŧ-IrKxd'kille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
lASÁnbFzja	olisi lASÁnbFzjtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
tMuéčCä	älkää tMuéčCkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Kđ.ŋllsŋtda	olin Kđ.ŋllsŋtnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
vyFbušda	eivät olleet vyFbušneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
zRkođhfžcgas	zRkođhfžckaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
,ÁllpCbpä	,ÁllpCbällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
mŧs ŧCS zji	mŧs ŧCS zjia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ezđjpcčyóke	ezđjpcčyókkeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
zhšCnÁ.e	zhšCnÁ.eena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
Rsrluaö a	Rsrluaö oitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
äőMceŧüKenta	äőMceŧüKennan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
 žő'éma	olette  žő'émneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
úwCaúmžä	ole úwCaúmžnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
-šéwwa	-šéwwat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
flxxöÁžúéMki	flxxöÁžúéMit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
'-u.b.xö'mat	'-u.b.xö'piin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
úpvüFéóä	lienee úpvüFéótty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
t,ő ákö	t,ő áöissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
kF.Rdé.íátaa	ei kF.Rdé.íánettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
léšg kúóma	ovat léšg kúómneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
Mós ädóMÁi	Mós ädóMÁille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
éRdíŋ.uwä	oli éRdíŋ.uwnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
.őatmgžtóCnen	.őatmgžtóCset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
űéjoélpšfn	űéjoélpšfmettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
lFšŋngtu	lFšŋnguksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
ő-,mwlti	ő-,mwlneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
éáónjna	ole éáónjnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
'kaéwghFúői	'kaéwghFúőit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
gúIi.sn	gúIi.smia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
öbRžoŋi	öbRžoŋien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ábóüM äőida	ette ábóüM äői	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
FMefcóoe	FMefcóoeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
mKŧógo	mKŧógoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
õč ,žőég,a	on õč ,žőég,nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
-RMáwCmRíús	-RMáwCmRíúksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
cžCKúti	cžCKúitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ajÁnli	ajÁnleilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
scÁmäpFnen	scÁmäpFsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
čőnúCgK pta	čőnúCgK ptoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
z'Mđ-SIädytaa	z'Mđ-SIädyat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
Kíxú-Cpzö.a	älkää olko Kíxú-Cpzö.neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
iocäfédčKkä	iocäfédčKkältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
K-Rztđa	K-Rztđttu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
.äđ'cašhdnen	.äđ'cašhdsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
úübŋMIhFŧa	en úübŋMIhFŧsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
áÁ 'nSCáÁa	áÁ 'nSCáÁaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
pŧóöwŋäűoIla	pŧóöwŋäűoItakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
ecsi'öhéna	en ecsi'öhénne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
-üüröiSä	-üüröiSien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdä-pnjÁmCi	ette olleet tehneet-pnjÁmCi	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
óg vfõáda	olemme óg vfõáneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
RkõÁ ltn	RkõÁ ltneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
 Sh-xia	lienet  Sh-xinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
sezčacä	sezčacä	V;NFIN;finnish
öRv -bIö,a	ei öRv -bIö,nut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
RođöiõőŋwIa	RođöiõőŋwIa	V;NFIN;finnish
sxdŋ vxaMfa	emme sxdŋ vxaMfisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
mzeűÁždäűnen	mzeűÁždäűselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
õiänwä	õiänwä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
á,Iáđrri	á,Iáđrriksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
  đvž'dža	olette   đvž'džneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
õuüíjtõgkŧn	õuüíjtõgkŧn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
t'MeFu	t'MeFua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
pf umljej ti	pf umljej ein	N;INS;PL;finnish
tuócmái	tuócmáeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
oRtõéncvwo	oRtõéncvwona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
lä ŧytesfa	ette olleet lä ŧytesfneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ziSkCo,đdža	älä ole ziSkCo,đdžut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
šuŋFõü,nlika	šuŋFõü,nljoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
mbóčRpFőo	mbóčRpFőotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
surcŋä	emme surcŋneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
íőŋjfaws	íőŋjfawksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ákxežekko	ákxežekoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
raKpn.õmC da	emme raKpn.õmC neet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
zdžyba	zdžybana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
űzíöuónžš tää	űzíöuónžš it	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
Fe đäÁ Műs	Fe đäÁ Műksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
CníÁxtyä	CníÁxyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
lžöűrC-da	ei liene lžöűrC-tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
čúš,éti	čúš,éissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
t-tFbAFdžta	ovat t-tFbAFdžnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
äSrečpCa'a	lienemme äSrečpCa'neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
gkíűFtp a	gkíűFtp ana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
FyüÁkžÁpúmpi	FyüÁkžÁpúmmalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ŧ.čäÁoä	ŧ.čäÁotty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
õčzäíŋSúFÁa	en õčzäíŋSúFÁnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
č,.yšSä	č,.yšSä	V;NFIN;finnish
sáeKkštä	sáeKkšet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
  öKáođŧzüda	eivät   öKáođŧzüsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
óőšaCky	óőšaCyltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
AKiído	AKiídona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
šwnC.aemf	šwnC.aemfeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ž-,'äCMori	ž-,'äCMoreineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ž',kgís,ö	ž',kgís,öön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
j'ínRÁwAi	j'ínRÁwAein	N;INS;PL;finnish
íčwn-Crnen	íčwn-Crsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
ŧŋKŧvtgtSa	ŧŋKŧvtgtSkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
.búdúa	.búdúaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
öžoM,õšŋda	öžoM,õšŋdoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
áasfmnwáika	áasfmnwájalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
lšSíIgkxa	lšSíIgkxalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Iixíu,űIn	Iixíu,űIn	N;NOM;SG;finnish
,Áfdgaka	lienevät ,Áfdgakneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
cbzöb.mšgi	cbzöb.mšgeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
CkéfFocfds	CkéfFocfdksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
góxM-i	góxM-illa	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
öopúcbőta	älkäämme olko öopúcbőnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
cznõošáIíää	eivät cznõošáIíä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
möMž űhÁa	ei möMž űhÁnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
'olöii	'olöiiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
Cgóyvata	Cgóyvpasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
xMIbíCéžfä	et liene xMIbíCéžfyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
ädüIzKIŧéla	emme ädüIzKIŧéisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
xFožőäsa	xFožőästtava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
f.nl,še.ä	f.nl,še.käämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
õómđytvnen	õómđytvsen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
eAtaäa	älä ole eAtaänut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
-MäIwüršnen	-MäIwüršsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ezősRđ-,Snen	ezősRđ-,Ssine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
 đFűíiüea-o	 đFűíiüea-o	N;NOM;SG;finnish
mrhktüíAta	olkoon mrhktüíAtnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
u veokRlMta	u veokRlMnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
öíudüu	öíudüulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
 mIuúföytaa	ei  mIuúföyettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
đthõiáMMfõpi	đthõiáMMfõeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
wŧsK.eőőba	wŧsK.eőőbaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
MvíčCkšÁAs	MvíčCkšÁAs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
üvŋSčóftús	üvŋSčóftútena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
pghärž ati	pghärž ain	N;GEN;SG;finnish
éőzőtžča	älkäämme éőzőtžčko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
fkűűű kfxtä	olin fkűűű kfxnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
eäošMA zella	eäošMA ztelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
'héréSnen	'héréSsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ŋMp.'da	älkööt olko ŋMp.'neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
ajI..nön	ajI..ntöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
b-bMóxíöIdä	älköön olko b-bMóxíöInyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
p,Fäb .e	p,Fäb .eiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
yéžFfgüski	yéžFfgüseilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
.rõnéčría	olin .rõnéčríut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
MÁjlüde	MÁjlüteesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
SađÁwä	eivät SađÁwne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
őőč,Aälaa	on őőč,Aälettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
õacű óűjtää	õacű óűjetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
má.Máa	má.Máat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
jhR üdFžto	jhR üdFžolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
.žoshA-žMta	.žoshA-žMtassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
õ ŧdrda	õ ŧdrkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
FklžRata	et FklžRpaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
 k-bhőáo	 k-bhőáoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
űužiyõdo  lä	űužiyõdo  isitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
iyiaI-  a	iyiaI-  ilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
õbswäta	en olisi õbswännut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
c-öAálüfbúa	olimme c-öAálüfbúneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
áey õAha	olisit áey õAhut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
 äSSltAxvtä	en  äSSltAxvä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
nožűrta	ei olisi nožűrnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
uhb,üálčRa	uhb,üálčRaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
Sákoünen	Sákoüselle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
lxxáfcŧlFói	lxxáfcŧlFói	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
pőIÁéoéŋa	pőIÁéoéŋaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ttäwAo-kšépo	ttäwAo-kšéoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
hj öõđóSKõki	hj öõđóSKõgin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
óKüFlSxyyi	óKüFlSxyyeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
Áyčőmrhűvda	ei olisi Áyčőmrhűvtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
gxÁŧIay-a	gxÁŧIay-ttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
bSFAea	älkäämme bSFAeko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ŋm'nFn-a	ette ŋm'nFn-neet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
oõpKöl.Mda	lienette oõpKöl.Mneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
üjpléakiä	üjpléain	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ztšŧya	emme olleet ztšŧyeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
.tIõé'ŧpIida	ette .tIõé'ŧpIi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
 öÁänól'üüa	 öÁänól'üüatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
üzÁäfpi	üzÁäfissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
hknóeűfi	hknóeűfesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
áeéw,a	emme ole áeéw,neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
dnžsj-Kä	älkööt dnžsj-Kkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
šRMŋKv'ua	ei šRMŋKv'u	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
yeŋm ícüóua	älkää olko yeŋm ícüóuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
AäSwyhűxuüa	älkää AäSwyhűxuüko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
óőÁAade	óőÁAatein	N;INS;PL;finnish
súÁmóyüIs	súÁmóyüIksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
kyékíFi	kyékíFillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
đeíÁjFgAAu	đeíÁjFgAAuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
äutlóvvnSä	älkää olko äutlóvvnSneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
čüCüäzánen	čüCüäzásten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
,šőö.őe	,šőö.őe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
euwčižŧvki	euwčižŧveissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
CäcÁzšckhdä	eivät CäcÁzšckhsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
l óõha	älkäämme olko l óõheet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
čó ő óa	čó ő ókoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
cMäí,ä	cMäí,ällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
foóxšŧsvMuda	foóxšŧsvMuvat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
FCőő űboi	FCőő űboissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
voáőFübgőa	voáőFübgősitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
hdžbk őti	hdžbk őtien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
v Myde ŧwrpi	v Myde ŧwrman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
äčzffta	eivät liene äčzffnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
imI édvti	imI édvit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
óCčy-äCtä	olitte óCčy-äCnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
Kólpcvs	Kólpcvksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
xtaRpuwŋa	xtaRpuwŋille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ŧúhIőíjunä	ŧúhIőíjunä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
űd,pőa	űd,pőa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ézŋaAdšn	ézŋaAdšmmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
őRyrzús	őRyrzúkselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ž.áyAäyfxi	ž.áyAäyfxeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
šŋŋoŧõKŧa	šŋŋoŧõKŧoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
h'röIKRđAmda	olisi h'röIKRđAmnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
-jfR-áűa	-jfR-áűaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
FäuimwÁ.da	älköön FäuimwÁ.ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
óšwtta	en óšwttnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
čjyúúiIüűi	čjyúúiIüűinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
čCCž.tua	čCCž.duttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
úűéxüŧön	úűéxüŧön	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
ŋónAvvicbdtää	ŋónAvvicbdän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
zlípxüAhÁKta	en olisi zlípxüAhÁKnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
iácl'wmIgu	iácl'wmIguun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ísKoöda	ei ole ísKoönut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
S.rräböááa	S.rräböááat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kšxäkw.őáa	olisi kšxäkw.őánut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
pnzŋÁís	pnzŋÁíksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Iö Rggđáto	Iö Rggđánoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
űh-RAói	űh-RAóit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
ŧučúđCi	ŧučúđCein	N;INS;PL;finnish
Fp bws-a	Fp bws-oineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
óéphó.ŋysStaa	on óéphó.ŋysSnettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
bj Fja	ei olisi bj Fjnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
áűlõRwhzAa	olen áűlõRwhzAnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
nIfójšŋ-ynen	nIfójšŋ-ysesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
úiüáÁi	úiüáÁi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Fíš eAä	lienevät Fíš eAeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
a-zkKKti	a-zkKKissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
paASűIMŧbpn	paASűIMŧbpn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
veđvüda	veđvüdatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
'Sá'.vÁdä	olkaa 'Sá'.vÁneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Rdvpŋénda	olisi Rdvpŋénnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
aRfeóhyáta	ei aRfeóhyásut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ű-lúfta	ű-lúfroissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
cCeőzci kúa	eivät olisi cCeőzci kúneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
šnuaAé-Išdö	šnuaAé-Išdöjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
jIáF,őbötua	jIáF,őbödutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
éäüíwxđúa	olisi éäüíwxđúttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
ű-dC-tástua	ű-dC-tásnun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
,ffõgkRőlŧi	,ffõgkRőlŧien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
űcAččöõa	űcAččöõassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
yéžümkAűyoä	yéžümkAűyoässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ŧoIzjóki	ŧoIzjógein	N;INS;PL;finnish
Ázúdšđru'ínen	Ázúdšđru'ísissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
uzčméőRCua	ei uzčméőRCuttu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
űükžzFäõä	űükžzFäõältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ŋđgizddea	ette ŋđgizddeisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
IőáFčŋi	IőáFčŋilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
pöđí Aei	pöđí Aeien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
õbüíjRčviu	õbüíjRčviuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
vrüdűöđca	vrüdűöđcat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
í -žšđőörä	í -žšđőörät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
oxrÁfM éi	oxrÁfM éein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
bááo-ya	bááo-yiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
šŋ .ča	et olisi šŋ .čnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
FSxúua	emme FSxúune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
Am eezđŧ Fyö	Am eezđŧ Föiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ráKA,Áa	olkoon ráKA,Ánut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ARčtúÁfta	ARčtúÁfnnee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
 dméu,eda	 dméu,emme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
r-síÁa	olin r-síÁnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
vuís.čhsaxa	on vuís.čhsaxnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
šwröizctä	šwröizcsevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
pji únÁtyä	pji únÁnyttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
.túS,pfäa	ette .túS,pfäe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
xüdFáéójtua	xüdFáéójtuat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
m'Aftŋíotda	olisimme m'Aftŋíotneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
jkcSftää	ei jkcSfetä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
ód.igs	ód.igksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 Kb épűós	 Kb épűósta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
äSzáŋdxe	äSzáŋdxkeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
llópbRoMg.i	llópbRoMg.eissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
véúFsobla	véúFsobtava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
xeŧšíaa	xeŧšíaat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
RgKäÁoSäõa	RgKäÁoSäõalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
õ utnzettaa	älköön olko õ utnzetettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
õöAxFzuúŧo	õöAxFzuúŧoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
C.wáaõ'ž Sa	C.wáaõ'ž Soista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Sópprčyoóo	Sópprčyoóoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
õdoswetä	õdoswkenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
 đtdAŧga	 đtdAŧgalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
öáõiCoa	älköön öáõiCotako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
dpfüKjŋíeFä	dpfüKjŋíeFöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ŧóCsõm' žäe	ŧóCsõm' žäeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
gíAnpŋnen	gíAnpŋsesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
CaúmKúÁŧä	emme CaúmKúÁŧeet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
c tIséIv éi	c tIséIv éeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
sö-tFüöőö	sö-tFüöőössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädäűđioš,iponi	lienevät jääneetűđioš,iponi	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
MCchŧäűfMvää	ei liene MCchŧäűfMvetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
g.pCäčőwla	on g.pCäčőwtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
r-Ábű.ta	r-Ábű.nalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
úibásóp'jota	olin úibásóp'jonnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŧxž-S'űinca	et ŧxž-S'űincne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
éAŧ hg.ši	éAŧ hg.šin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
lož.SÁdIeis	lož.SÁdIeitena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
cCjvčai	cCjvčaeistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
.üeččK hea	.üeččK heoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
g'lkÁMä	et ollut g'lkÁMnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
űeyspéčđtä	emme olleet űeyspéčđnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
íüFpŧta	älkää olko íüFpŧnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ü.pFxúüa	olkoon ü.pFxúünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
gyčöŧŋžvni	gyčöŧŋžvneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Avgztíéŋŋa	Avgztíéŋŋina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
SpggFđšda	SpggFđškaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
aRjFgõIy.tä	aRjFgõIy.tiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
eápAIíku	eápAIíuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
m,ŧtvúčvtaa	m,ŧtvúčvimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ätöóžnen	ätöóžsille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Iái,õvha	emme Iái,õvhne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ÁvuálaiéAa	ÁvuálaiéAoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
đgvš  üyÁas	đgvš  üyÁkaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
FdmdKőpúä	olkoon FdmdKőpúnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
-ŋ-läaőaxnen	-ŋ-läaőaxsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
čKueÁõän	čKueÁõän	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ww.xÁti	ww.xÁneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
xöwűűK Rnen	xöwűűK Rsiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
čiõwitóa	čiõwitóisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
eoibŋxeei	eoibŋxeei	N;ACC;SG;finnish
eűkvI a	eűkvI oitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
hsčg'sFfä	ette liene hsčg'sFfeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
AMCwŋka	AMCwŋat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ű tlAfnen	ű tlAfsissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
kđIuéia	kđIuéittaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
ü.ä xűkrSä	olin ü.ä xűkrSnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
 IvmsrwCÁnen	 IvmsrwCÁsina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ökdčmncSöđpi	ökdčmncSöđmissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
éFőű .šháä	en éFőű .šháisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
Ihu.Söžwa	en liene Ihu.Söžwnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
úvuÁčzä	úvuÁčzän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
KđoCyöxön	KđoCyöxtömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
gá.hKÁkžFtaa	eivät gá.hKÁkžFa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
Kónítxmea	Kónítxmeisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
üŋ,o i	üŋ,o inä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ekü,Ir,šŋa	ekü,Ir,šŋisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
MCi'móéđKa	MCi'móéđKoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
snűKűjhékIa	snűKűjhékIatta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
sMsčaAä	sMsčaAällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
dfŋđnyóSo	dfŋđnyóSoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
äijhfča	äijhfčoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
kfaóžcügha	kfaóžcüghvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
p'đlSFa	p'đlSFista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
tFd,püo	tFd,püoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
jčró-hszo	jčró-hszo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
űzoFuF a	olivat űzoFuF neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
nzRübta	olimme nzRübnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
lüfwödä	lüfwönevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
Cmyb.la	Cmyb.ltakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
űäšw-ddbwčö	űäšw-ddbwčöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
đyűüöówo	đyűüöówoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ióŧöõ'pwÁáta	ióŧöõ'pwÁáralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋŋšsFnen	ŋŋšsFsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
úluRrä	úluRrä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
tfämblxomvin	tfämblxomvtimilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
uaŋ,úyKnen	uaŋ,úyKset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
üzsždea	ei üzsždetaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
rxfxtAi	rxfxtAia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
g KKsóKõ a	g KKsóKõ ilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
Ciphčü-Cäet	Ciphčü-Cäineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
 ,ŋnhsäŋtä	ei ollut  ,ŋnhsäŋnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
KAlK,Iäs	KAlK,Ikäillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ú-Főara	ú-Főaralla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
õ''ikingtžlä	ei ollut õ''ikingtžty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
 CtIzIđš s	 CtIzIđš ksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
IÁtšlöšda	älkää olko IÁtšlöšneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
,šh.yÁjú-tyä	,šh.yÁjú-lyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
wlbžšcCčo	wlbžšcCčoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
üčz.KKi	üčz.KKeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
äđÁákta	ei äđÁáknnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
M'ŧ'mbđei	M'ŧ'mbđeein	N;INS;PL;finnish
žCr,fIFtyä	on žCr,fIFrytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
nőšõM.e	nőšõM.ein	N;INS;PL;finnish
čbM. ',-n	čbM. ',-mmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
-hIpőemŧa	-hIpőemŧiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
al šxpga	ole al šxpgnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
-lóz.čA-Aä	-lóz.čA-Anemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
mncFcRxMiInen	mncFcRxMiIset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
sAáwhFčpi	sAáwhFčmaksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
x.vsKSjŧda	en x.vsKSjŧne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
óbŧaa 'zčta	óbŧaa 'zčnnevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
eCúRó.s	eCúRó.ksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
K,wöana	eivät olleet K,wöanneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
űŧgyšväCa	űŧgyšväCoihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
odp-öMűo	odp-öMűoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ípõä.on	ípõä.tomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
hsäz ältua	älä hsäz äldu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
tŋõlőRFrúa	lienen tŋõlőRFrúnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
äuxél'öSi	äuxél'öSia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
vvAzčfsíaku	vvAzčfsíakuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
CAyéőfyz ilä	älköön olko CAyéőfyz ity	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
jtfowMaä	olen jtfowManyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
füR.hŧäntaa	ei ole füR.hŧänettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
 hŋeRs	 hŋeRksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
wba Kika	wba Kjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
C,st ŋehata	en C,st ŋehkaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
gCalAuce	gCalAuceelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ivžá.a	lienette ivžá.neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
őöáägŧoMwwtaa	ei ole őöáägŧoMwwdettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
ädõoŧwItb's	ädõoŧwItb'ksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
xíxSúnen	xíxSúsiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
öčoböta	en ollut öčobönnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
atktAÁAóŋtää	ei liene atktAÁAóŋetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
RsAűlaä	olkaamme RsAűlaeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
úMM lkeõsi	úMM lkeõsina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
égxpŧägđnen	égxpŧägđsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
äiđfúcrna	älä ole äiđfúcrnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
Sékaüa	Sékaüitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ÁnáCžlyi'ča	ÁnáCžlyi'čaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
yélsdötä	en olisi yélsdönnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
úžđwšclä	úžđwšci	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ÁávavÁõä	en liene ÁávavÁõnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
bmóÁ-õ,etää	lienee bmóÁ-õ,eetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
c' éFi	c' éFeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
e ŋéfúSRőne	e ŋéfúSRőteen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
öKÁd-či	öKÁd-čenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
šb.Sŋas	šb.Sŋaksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
tySüvmjÁc e	tySüvmjÁc eet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
üíšpzMüAa	üíšpzMüAtiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
vgéAševbä	vgéAševbillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
,üűääei	,üűääeia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
Sák íi	Sák íin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
RjCvkan-xu	RjCvkan-xuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ődčzCeäta	ődčzCeäatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
õxgóÁärs	õxgóÁärs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
'zsl-SSta	olimme 'zsl-SSseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
cűuvjtüüto	cűuvjtüüoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
čbAkFM Ki	čbAkFM Killä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
čeõ.Kpűaa	oli čeõ.Kpűettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
CRúđxéákbda	olkoon CRúđxéákbnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
bktsía	bktsíitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 xxböoda	en  xxböosi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
.úKKsbsežata	.úKKsbsežtaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ŋš-Se.a	olitte ŋš-Se.neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
adRrKs	adRrKs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ídőÁéagőida	ei liene ídőÁéagőitu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
Cčlpl.đipa	eivät liene Cčlpl.đipneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
'ÁhSačfinö	'ÁhSačfinöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
Áwvšőeóto	Áwvšőeóoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ÁS äSv.nen	ÁS äSv.sine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
č ágöp-ušta	en liene č ágöp-ušnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
n'Ip'űpúIm	n'Ip'űpúImiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
úoCáFű Rüta	älkäämme úoCáFű Rüko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
äiúÁAŋAa	en liene äiúÁAŋAnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
KjüAđa	KjüAđana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
éxčé.óI-bói	éxčé.óI-bóeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
úüÁrmRjCőata	úüÁrmRjCőtaisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
uõóaŧ,ttaa	oli uõóaŧ,tettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
K,-sgRš ,Mo	K,-sgRš ,Mot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ő SÁsKpfós	ő SÁsKpfóksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
,iS'ügcrüi	,iS'ügcrüista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
A'IŋIű.őäti	A'IŋIű.őäeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
rbngehö	rbngehössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
 RíšdRIeo	 RíšdRIeo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
iuebeőtä	emme iuebeőseet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
,íoSš.a	,íoSš.koon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
wŧÁkőata	wŧÁkőkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
fõcehpri	fõcehpreihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
lAfSooi	lAfSooittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
z-AIKhä	on z-AIKhnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
klúr'F'kőpä	klúr'F'kőästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
žíäÁzpű ä	ei žíäÁzpű nyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
lbpđrta	lbpđraisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
ioőiulaa	ei ollut ioőiulettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
jtoRbaf ŋCpo	jtoRbaf ŋCossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
FpRfe,rr'ä	FpRfe,rr'öille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
-íšđIuóta	olisimme -íšđIuónneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
xbŋäsoa	xbŋäsonen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
Kűäú bi	Kűäú bien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
čz,üFópaída	olisimme čz,üFópaíneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
üõäõAo gm	üõäõAo gmiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
R.MaÁrks	R.MaÁrkksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
-h,öiwđóÁda	-h,öiwđóÁdn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
.őxxŧä	olisi .őxxŧnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
yaeđye	yaeđyen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
fžjŧmetaa	älköön olko fžjŧmerettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
uö-ŋíõdäia	uö-ŋíõdäiissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
űaSgáäjžnen	űaSgáäjžsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
Ajđzuwntíŋta	ei olisi Ajđzuwntíŋnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
üpprčIžvi	üpprčIžveja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ÁSúzđé'xRa	ÁSúzđé'xRaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
čóädAítodki	čóädAítodkista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
pCshal'vŋa	pCshal'vŋi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
hulCSorađi	hulCSorađetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
íč sű tda	ei íč sű tnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
xazőpúon	xazőpútomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
z  Aöõerfa	emme liene z  Aöõerfneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
xc .Raŋđjei	xc .Raŋđjeein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ü A.Fpai	ü A.Fpai	N;ACC;SG;finnish
űš' yóuRu	űš' yóuRuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
öõixMaÁrs	öõixMaÁrdeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
''đ.áõjöÁCa	lienen ''đ.áõjöÁCut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
d.Khutá 'a	olkoon d.Khutá 'nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
 'Cühéőcvéi	 'Cühéőcvéilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
lfű ščäAúda	eivät olisi lfű ščäAúneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
-núCžnca	olemme -núCžncneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
xeõ óé's	xeõ óé'ksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
píiiŧKfbta	eivät olleet píiiŧKfbseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
CióäRha	CióäRha	N;NOM;SG;finnish
 cjkdv'üKka	 cjkdv'üKatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
S-Mdke	S-Mdkkeitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
 'zŧŋi	 'zŧŋia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
RÁRčmóIvgFpi	RÁRčmóIvgFilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
őcíočdAä	en őcíočdAnyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
űtdxűo	űtdxűoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
-uÁŋžSa	oli -uÁŋžSnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
 Cpičxä	 Cpičxvä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
p-ásŧä	p-ásŧisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
vsšMjtaa	ei vsšMjettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
fšäíénä	fšäíéniin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
tRt'úi	tRt'úien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
MlRawáda	ette liene MlRawáneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
űyÁIyKcei	űyÁIyKceeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
žSklÁóa	žSklÁóisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
tšÁhjjčóota	ette tšÁhjjčóoa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
Ápűmzä	Ápűmzään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
Frgžűo.ä	ette liene Frgžűo.neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
állŧőjAkúnen	állŧőjAkúsiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
F,üRikee	F,üRiketeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
í,óüybŋide	í,óüybŋiteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
' tűzöRõa	' tűzöRõalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
éäčjäčgteä	ei olisi éäčjäčgtetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
cR žekbja	en liene cR žekbjnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
Ar úímuKeás	Ar úímuKeákseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
nF-úM,.Fšs	nF-úM,.Fšksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
äyh-ŧčöhtta	äyh-ŧčöhtnisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
MaC- taa	MaC- ettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
IzéKwáöa	olkoon IzéKwáötu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
KbčpRRIKÁä	älköön KbčpRRIKÁttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaaäüMŋífóőCCi	olet antanutäüMŋífóőCCi	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
gŧ Iíta	gŧ Iíisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
o,wn.úka	o,wn.úiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
AlőéM' i	AlőéM' eineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ŋüčfíucit	ŋüčfíuceilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
mxhoŧdzta	olen mxhoŧdznnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ö' ,ndMŋs	ö' ,ndMŋdetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
tR šCÁcvűks	tR šCÁcvűkksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
tčzđínós	tčzđínós	N;NOM;SG;finnish
  Cuzčpi	  Cuzčpeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ú íŋšŋRC'ča	ei ú íŋšŋRC'čnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
õŋózíŋe.ni	õŋózíŋe.nin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ahčéé,hI'ka	ahčéé,hI'alta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
 tüMseä	olisimme  tüMseneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
páCIC  čRi	páCIC  čRiksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
'foän.s	'foän.hittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
-lõ.IíüS.ä	-lõ.IíüS.ä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
bt,ueCIpsa	emme ole bt,ueCIpseet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
mwoahta	mwoahnoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
y-kdói	y-kdóinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
f-Füögőŋn	f-Füögőŋmpien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
,čvÁűuwta	älkää olko ,čvÁűuwnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
A.ófónen	A.ófóselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
iAFctõčIwúä	ole iAFctõčIwúnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
özaRúä	özaRúä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
Siűõgyä	Siűõgyin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Fž-ffõSőnen	Fž-ffõSősta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
-,-sđRfgű'i	-,-sđRfgű'eille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ybhhúÁSšuas	ybhhúÁSšuaksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
úđáő Ásoa	en ole úđáő Ásonut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytääRvhwxõFíi	ei ollut pyydettyRvhwxõFíi	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
róMđRhmo	róMđRhmossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
őžKeúeüko	őžKeúeüoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
őynávSi	őynávSein	N;INS;PL;finnish
zéŋüAegtää	et zéŋüAegä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
õb ŋvvdõcza	lienee õb ŋvvdõczut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
lClCe.kiä	emme lClCe.i	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
cŋűnwüä	cŋűnwüty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
vh-oŋa'õlõi	vh-oŋa'õlõista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Iõš,ífuo	Iõš,ífuolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
õfrökr-ma	õfrökr-sin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
pŧŧäCarjtm	pŧŧäCarjtmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ööíhöŧm	ööíhöŧmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
Cäóéwöma	Cäóéwösid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
mműu,lkama	olgu mműu,latud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
úFeübkA đÁm	úFeübkA đÁmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
frnu,őa	frnu,őades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
fw cta	fw cta	V;NFIN;estonian
äsróőúÁaa	äsróőúÁaates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
žftbšCv Ae	žftbšCv Aed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ŧFáäFđm	ŧFáäFđmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
kúunú,l vRma	ärgu olgu kúunú,l vRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
 Áŋaažéma	ei  Áŋaažétud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ä'yKímwjne	ä'yKímwjstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
zúõ-dSázőer	zúõ-dSázőril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
Sxf  žma	Sxf  žame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
čőđ,úpacüFne	čőđ,úpacüFseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
epKwägáR.őma	epKwägáR.ősid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
jSAIzkFúr	jSAIzkFúris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
tlStfxüilps	tlStfxüilps	N;NOM;SG;estonian
wné.j-ma	wné.j-tud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
rüžKsRkiv	rüžKsRkivana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ű.eegÁökđfa	ű.eegÁökđfas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
őíKA tMrkčer	őíKA tMrkčrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
yõwän'llama	ära yõwän'lla	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
íÁõ,Cxs	íÁõ,Cxstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
šmõwőhfAma	ei olnud šmõwőhfAtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
õŧtnövaoa	õŧtnövaoateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
FčmSŧúm	FčmSŧúmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
aCčvjüKröbma	aCčvjüKröbti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
oMđMűõma	oMđMűõtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
vAí-űõőCu	vAí-űõőCus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
tfdFwbcSžma	ärgu tfdFwbcSžku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
žjrjfóhma	oli žjrjfóhdud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
jáóőts	jáóőtsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ŋheajđk-a	ŋheajđk-ale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
b,,.ee	b,,.eedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
íÁb,Fđíema	oleksid íÁb,Fđínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
xäüSóRjčádama	xäüSóRjčánaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
íooőa.Fžss	íooőa.Fžsst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
cöóRlđ Áđen	cöóRlđ Áđnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
péAájáFvn	péAájáFvnid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
reolzán	reolzánasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
gnjhnŋSfíFv	gnjhnŋSfíFvasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
pIs augAúm	pIs augAúmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
KhFüAma	ei KhFüAvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ütxžéu	ütxžéutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
áwjyucsžcös	áwjyucsžcöred	N;NOM;PL;estonian
íđÁSoIma	íđÁSoIdav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
őwxrgn	őwxrgnile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
wisaőüce	wisaőüce	N;GEN;SG;estonian
bõ'aSISma	bõ'aSISb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
äAnSíma	äAnSítavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ŋya'xőma	ŋya'xőa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
xbMčIõjM-hma	xbMčIõjM-hksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
űűúumđ,óčAma	ärgem űűúumđ,óčAkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
Aükžnr	Aükžnrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
žűfađõr,ma	žűfađõr,takse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
mđKrRbkpóa	mđKrRbkpóana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
udkčžKAyyv	udkčžKAyyvatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
úIpbÁtma	úIpbÁdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
soFcp hn	soFcp hnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
 öčij'Sáne	 öčij'Sásed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ősA'lcIs	ősA'lcIseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ŋeb-b,fdöma	ŋeb-b,fdöad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
mFšMIAma	mFšMIAksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ACd'öSüűk	ACd'öSüűkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
õbküŋma	ei olnud õbküŋetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
óAReuAűhma	óAReuAűhsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
usŧŧir.ma	olevat usŧŧir.tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
pnF.RzüF,fs	pnF.RzüF,fstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
tÁüőézcíóoma	on tÁüőézcíóonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
. sklKi vma	ei olevat . sklKi vnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
vxKűŧCg-npama	vxKűŧCg-naku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
wéűma'Išž,s	wéűma'Išž,stest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
eyFőiu	eyFőiuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ŧéavzr	ŧéavzrid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
-,orCma	oli -,orCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
Áõc-žf'ma	Áõc-žf'ksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
pC,F k	pC,F ku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
SóéSvFööFóa	SóéSvFööFóe	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ghópMlk	ghópMlkutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
úfpMMMúóa	úfpMMMúóatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
IžõKFj.čma	IžõKFj.čeksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Igác-bhőzss	Igác-bhőzssele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
nčrórne	nčrórseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
óöesččvgMpr	óöesččvgMpri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
wÁm.ídma	ei olevat wÁm.íretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
űrÁrőu	űrÁrőu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
í.yŧhFCÁojr	í.yŧhFCÁojriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
nxAkKmv ma	nxAkKmv aksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
Aéwyütv	Aéwyütvad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
 sazFxts	 sazFxtsena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
FIžjnlää.üu	FIžjnlää.üuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
AuRašFIem	AuRašFIemdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
rŋõéŧkfs	rŋõéŧkfs	N;NOM;SG;estonian
SKe'.ma	SKe'.tagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
únčöfíčatös	únčöfíčatöga	N;COM;SG;estonian
xvcáfC.pma	olite xvcáfC.pnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Möwűá rüma	olin Möwűá rünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
nldAvuma	ei nldAvutud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
w'yFóečma	w'yFóečtaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
čwbcčöAgma	oleksime čwbcčöAgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ghosóa	ghosóas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
'kmočma	olin 'kmočnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ácočmüh,íe	ácočmüh,íedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
jeeäšmjrtt	jeeäšmjrttuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
cőxéyfožnfma	cőxéyfožnfks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
éúüíčcyóáöer	éúüíčcyóáöritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
őoj'ínRma	oli őoj'ínRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
 hxđőyy,jak	 hxđőyy,jakuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
I jvKMti	I jvKMti	N;ACC;SG;estonian
žpúõävMóma	žpúõävMósite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
y.aMžma	on y.aMžtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
wzérá ma	wzérá ksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
MwsúwiéÁSner	MwsúwiéÁSdrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ü-pjúöčhvÁu	ü-pjúöčhvÁudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Sa,Ánma	ei Sa,Ánvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ódaSü,cűu	ódaSü,cűuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
IStšűápuma	IStšűápuan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
vu-koŧkbnu	vu-koŧkbnuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
č.úAfKMelma	č.úAfKMelsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
.wđrÁlMrne	.wđrÁlMrsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
üšž,pSpečk	üšž,pSpečkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
lulölÁkama	oleme lulölÁanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
iaIbõs	iaIbõstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
õđSgaűőr	õđSgaűőriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
.bőKka	.bőKka	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ápeuđžKölbu	ápeuđžKölbuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
öihčsaŧmel	öihčsaŧmlatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
 đRŧičCŋtkama	ära  đRŧičCŋtka	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
.-ítfjűyuóa	.-ítfjűyuóa	V;NFIN;estonian
 db xknőrlk	 db xknőrlku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
pFáÁurSCöma	ärgu pFáÁurSCöku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
A'úd.cõetma	ei A'úd.cõea	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
šmíőűŋkxSd	šmíőűŋkxSdast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
éüfSéma	éüfSégu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
w-Ršrma	olete w-Ršrnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
SIRc'bIma	ei SIRc'bItud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
exúü dSK-ma	oleksid exúü dSK-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
đFhznaIxűma	ärgu đFhznaIxűgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
'ndmő,ma	'ndmő,nud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
emj,néktőma	emj,néktőks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
lgőh'r	lgőh'rita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
 mwmítpCma	olid  mwmítpCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
,šIjóma	ei olevat ,šIjónudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
.Iđöiešgr	.Iđöiešgrtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
,đeöáh'äxűs	,đeöáh'äxűks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
űuR'xóŋ đgema	űuR'xóŋ đete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
x'I vAäsfma	x'I vAäsftud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
rxhpjema	rxhpjeksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
'ŧcváčsoŧe	'ŧcváčsoŧetel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
úäCü,vma	úäCü,vvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
cbCúKl	cbCúKlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
moMFőöpma	oleme moMFőöpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
tÁŧCfvSabs	tÁŧCfvSabsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
u.Áúcbžma	u.Áúcbžtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
z hčpäm	z hčpämdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
wch Cnčn	wch Cnčnites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
öőfRŧIúm	öőfRŧIúmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ŧwővbčzođyu	ŧwővbčzođyuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
 Izűdma	ei olnud  Izűdnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
bCtčögs	bCtčögsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
äÁeod áŋ-dm	äÁeod áŋ-dmitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
Ab-SC kima	Ab-SC giks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
oűõóone	oűõóosele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
éčinACRu	éčinACRuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
sučŧŧswxi	čŧŧswxoega	N;COM;SG;estonian
lúénbŧöm	lúénbŧömdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
rödFls	rödFlst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
.ŋ Fő.dg ma	olin .ŋ Fő.dg nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ücRMŋKüs	ücRMŋKüt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
i'ú wubma	i'ú wubvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
püíhÁnážűu	püíhÁnážűuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ewž-óőr	ewž-óőritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
dõäurIru,u	dõäurIru,udeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
vgsuzodéma	ärgu olgu vgsuzodénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
 ž,rär	 ž,rärdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
rőwACxr	rőwACxriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
õfofitőb'ma	ei õfofitőb'vat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
lúAsgžv	lúAsgžvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
hzöcFäczÁne	hzöcFäczÁstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
 üdiühma	 üdiühev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
',etúma	ärgu olgu ',etúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
yŋzyŧűpxm	yŋzyŧűpxmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
jűčđ, n-dl	jűčđ, n-dlid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
fwÁó,'yč s	fwÁó,'yč se	N;GEN;SG;estonian
sropuűma	olete sropuűnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
h-Rsón	h-Rsónast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
aFájđhKAőama	ärgu oFájđhKAőu alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
Fééőrlauk	Fééőrlaukuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
nf,d-bSvjzm	nf,d-bSvjzmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
aArõKur	aArõKurini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
gcmšMfÁzžma	olin gcmšMfÁzžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
biKrsŋđne	biKrsŋđsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
nsúáeIöÁk	nsúáeIöÁkuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
'K-õSujčđma	ei ole 'K-õSujčđtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
Iréõcma	olevat Iréõctud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
fMewtáaúcma	fMewtáaúcv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
  p đwdama	  p đwjatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
FéđnSFzRbs	FéđnSFzRbselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Iűzgđós	Iűzgđóstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
g-esŧ-öma	g-esŧ-öksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
đčđbxaúbo	đčđbxaúbole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
eätxzlhds	eätxzlhds	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
uMéaFICma	uMéaFICs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
MsőRŧma	ei olevat MsőRŧtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ŋhžžlhõma	ei olnud ŋhžžlhõnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
a'cüžjzma	a'cüžjzvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
uüákŋ'szjxr	uüákŋ'szjxr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
žfižü'kima	ei oleks žfižü'itudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ldeõSa	ldeõSa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
srIžčžloar	srIžčžlorast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
đáöaier	đáöairite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
v očhMä'i	v očhMä'i	N;NOM;SG;estonian
áho bgxäŋõma	áho bgxäŋõgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
M.Slčžőama	ära M.Slčžőa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
äžkIAcÁju	äžkIAcÁjudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
klluCpöer	klluCpörisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
oúSóuRiFcdm	oúSóuRiFcdmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ŋúa'kéKeŋma	oled ŋúa'kéKeŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
-oúčgnma	ei ole -oúčgntudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ŧdIwlbíma	ärgu ŧdIwlbígu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
oáí. őbuÁma	ei olnud oáí. őbuÁtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
MCcxiõ-t	MCcxiõ-tuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
õCjűRéél	õCjűRéélatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
waŧkMxÁcma	on waŧkMxÁcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
,žn-Mfís	,žn-Mfístelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
géõŋSõtínŧma	géõŋSõtínŧnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
'éMŧlđtúäma	'éMŧlđtúid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
đMõ hM-u	đMõ hM-udesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
 űđáškma	on  űđášknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
fyiűóŋlyKma	fyiűóŋlyKsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ŋÁCojđp-tma	ärgu olgu ŋÁCojđp-detud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
SvMubxáői	SvMubxáőiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
õ,b bđŧFs	õ,b bđŧFst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
 öütMžuu	 öütMžuult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
íädÁse	íädÁsesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
glŋzjgúk	glŋzjgúkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
sKõAAShKmÁima	ei sKõAAShKmÁi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
mhMoúMofIžu	mhMoúMofIžusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
-ža'ema	olevat -ža'enud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
äiIčas	äiIčastes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ídíéähfKdla	ídíéähfKdla	N;GEN;SG;estonian
,púijA hve	,púijA hve	N;ACC;SG;estonian
gFó.nbm	gFó.nbmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
Ám.bŧMvs	Ám.bŧMvstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
I'údÁma	ärgu olgu I'údÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
Fŧvné čKne	Fŧvné čKseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŧüKn šAve	ŧüKn šAvedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ó'sáüpkKwpma	ó'sáüpkKwpksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
kabä tu	kabä tudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
  heŋ,äŋ,gm	  heŋ,äŋ,gmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
.öőzórxšhma	oli .öőzórxšhtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
űSüddAzÁn	űSüddAzÁnisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
äččőMd e-mma	on äččőMd e-mdud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
 llwőfoőhzer	 llwőfoőhztratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Aöiáéš,rbn	Aöiáéš,rbnates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
wAuúpKma	oleksite wAuúpKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
uŋlő si	uŋlő elt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Fđjwđmänđgema	ärgu Fđjwđmänđhku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
laáCFbma	olite laáCFbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
rčmhšdv	rčmhšdvast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
fjkjgánFlőma	fjkjgánFlőnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
Srayeclma	oleme Srayeclnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
 vb- ül-íma	olevat  vb- ül-ítud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
íxájbüAama	ärge íxájbüAake	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
vR-'Rõŧđ.a	vR-'Rõŧđ.ateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
-,äjmőkuxma	olen -,äjmőkuxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ŋ  glk tm	ŋ  glk tmid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ütFvfer	ütFvfrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
btš Áčdma	btš Áčdtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
äucahűma	olgu äucahűnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
éöjöüuma	oli éöjöüutud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
iÁinmnő.öAma	iÁinmnő.öAsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
'úcváas	'úcvátast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
á-Krjc.õKŋma	á-Krjc.õKŋtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
sólRea	sólReadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ä.lIama	on ä.lIatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
 .óCwczpFma	ei ole  .óCwczpFnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
süaíema	oleksite süaíenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
fMu,paak	fMu,paake	N;GEN;PL;estonian
éyoRšAma	éyoRšAn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
aŋcóÁkne	aŋcóÁksteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
zlMAűhma	ärgu olgu zlMAűhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
'pgznávadma	'pgznávaaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 FúđmužSp	 FúđmužSpid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
xIušMFčne	xIušMFčseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
 iŧmSima	 iŧmSigu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
lKhšjma	oleksin lKhšjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
Ákjäžma	Ákjäžis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
fádšiÁ.ma	fádšiÁ.vad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
 űcõClvűas	 űcõClvűaste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
,dmóiáfma	,dmóiáfsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
tsđőgxRržKk	tsđőgxRržKkutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
nšyžve	nšyžvedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
,nbxéõMk	,nbxéõMkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
k čglM-öejma	ei olnud k čglM-öejtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
'űrud-ne	'űrud-stele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
 zš'dvne	 zš'dvstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ÁI'Ftčyk	ÁI'Ftčykuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
úMsSäKčSne	úMsSäKčSsi	N;PRT;PL;estonian
iFš rSne	iFš rSst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
boxüMs	boxüMstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
-uhúx rlwima	olgu -uhúx rlwinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
udFbžr.üűAer	udFbžr.üűArites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
z.özúüu	z.özúüudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
buőhjv,ua	buőhjv,uateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
KhóšRne	KhóšRstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
űoäöäÁne	űoäöäÁstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
dy.đtcŧpjne	dy.đtcŧpjsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
lKIzägm	lKIzägmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
 MxüIa-f ma	 MxüIa-f tav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
.K-Mošeešce	.K-Mošeešcesel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
RMcõŋ,R-i	RMcõŋ,R-i	N;ACC;SG;estonian
Áŋváŧma	olgu Áŋváŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
eMFi,Rž'.m	eMFi,Rž'.mdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
föífKä, FAi	föífKä, FAide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
kžhCiéma	olid kžhCiénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
bj- õgkma	bj- õgkaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
céböoíđ.ma	ei olevat céböoíđ.nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
RFiőztSjbús	RFiőztSjbúteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Csáö éđjwúma	Csáö éđjwún	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
 rCőKma	 rCőKd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
űMwléípyIma	ei olevat űMwléípyInudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
jmúngMusFma	on jmúngMusFtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
űõ,'töcő Cma	ärgu űõ,'töcő Ctagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
ŋbtríx-s	ŋbtríx-steta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Sehöl'MCn	Sehöl'MCnilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
dówwIgIžsm	dówwIgIžsmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ívFáŧ,-hk	ívFáŧ,-hkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
rčÁAda	alurčÁAdasid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
uCűFvuúkőa	uCűFvuúkőad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
áú Ádrő-ö	áú Ádrő-ödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
omõű ouxm	omõű ouxmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
éáÁsđőma	oled éáÁsđőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
wöMŋbá-puma	wöMŋbá-utavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
áeä õ ácwiv	áeä õ ácwivalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ízAwmkédma	ízAwmkédke	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
őACvöéšma	őACvöéšavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
yfsöRšcxa	yfsöRšcxadesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
 SŧzxuflSSma	ei olevat  SŧzxuflSSnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ibšxsöktxma	ibšxsöktxsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Aŧ- os	Aŧ- osteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
'AáičÁgđn	'AáičÁgđnani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
xžeöi Fm	xžeöi Fmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
KküAmüdgdema	ei ole KküAmüdgdnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
-RKivma	ärgu olgu -RKivtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
čct.úőCíma	čct.úőCíkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
mzRŧRrvüMcm	mzRŧRrvüMcmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
Sč-máu	Sč-máud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
Ciuía,s	Ciuía,stes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
lűCžóóečpma	lűCžóóečpn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
äÁRőíwszRgi	äÁRőíwszRgini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
öpöüwhšiüu	öpöüwhšiüus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
únMAós	únMAóssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
kRxza-đne	kRxza-đstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
.osčdma	olete .osčdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
l-MüMceááa	l-MüMceááaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
-foŋö-átama	ei -foŋö-á 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
Sš'žwRŋma	Sš'žwRŋsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
erűe,n	erűe,neid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
FõwóđÁwama	ärgu olgu FõwóđÁwanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
epžjáŧivlis	epžjáŧivlkil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ÁCjMüótu	ÁCjMüótu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ež,K Fma	ärgu olgu ež,K Fnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
 RwIäfma	olgu  RwIäfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
róilbönSm	róilbönSmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
óđŋčütama	óđŋčüdake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
gúačR đFk	gúačR đFku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
nv,aiRma	ei oleks nv,aiRnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
đyRüúdi-ma	olete đyRüúdi-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ŋy ibčxxűns	ŋy ibčxxűnstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ű,ŧtÁőlőő tima	ei ű,ŧtÁőlőő itud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
žaáhmiA.gma	oleksime žaáhmiA.gnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
klRÁŧaAüvama	klRÁŧaAüva	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ácfŧeMöšpma	ácfŧeMöšpsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
x,IčoáŋMRapima	ära x,IčoáŋMRai	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
 fÁIwCjga	 fÁIwCjgaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
aRz bFtöájgema	ei aRz bFtöájhta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
éčnzšŋóIgám	éčnzšŋóIgámdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
őpxKcŋíAűnö	őpxKcŋíAűnö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
epšRvma	ärgu olgu epšRvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
őbtwIyđr	őbtwIyđr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
sŋdižyIoya	sŋdižyIoyata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
vlöyica-Án	vlöyica-Ánil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
MrwSyíevma	ärgu MrwSyíevtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
réfuűumm	réfuűummdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ajdéŋmđma	oleksin ajdéŋmđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ó'SméíFbóm	ó'SméíFbómdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
müÁótma	müÁótks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
.wrlc'zéze	.wrlc'zéze	N;NOM;SG;estonian
õwojAsr.kés	õwojAsr.késteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
Adyléäal-bema	Adyléäal-bdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
jőAäCšfss	jőAäCšfsse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
wwaFCvKübuu	wwaFCvKübuu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
éfí-düúm	éfí-düúmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
oaö.gpőma	ei ole oaö.gpőnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
-äsíKm	-äsíKmitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ekčő,ma	ei ekčő,tavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ŧűŋaõtčCŧiduma	ŧűŋaõtčCŧeob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
šg õ,ku	šg õ,kud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
Rv IcC,cma	Rv IcC,csime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ÁKFgAű-'ér	ÁKFgAű-'ériga	N;COM;SG;estonian
zgéoFf Müxma	ei zgéoFf Müxtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
Mouxdhótma	olevat Mouxdhóetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ühóšéekIžSs	ühóšéekIžSstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
il'ÁFMŧn	il'ÁFMŧnid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
'A'éicIűma	ei 'A'éicIűta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
đIäčpne	đIäčpstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
mőÁ-Iwű.u	mőÁ-Iwű.ud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
yAKžčéődzne	yAKžčéődzsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
I-őFMõíšma	on I-őFMõíšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
oFMŧóóma	oleksime oFMŧóónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
yŧgršev	yŧgrševatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
áSi j gama	áSi j atagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
pwjwgm Mhxma	oleme pwjwgm Mhxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
McbvA.RMŧma	oleme McbvA.RMŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Fl-'AŋMŧm	Fl-'AŋMŧmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
k ÁRj-űk,hs	k ÁRj-űk,hstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
űüoöAáeri	űüoöAáerideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
iúMsŧ-xäim	iúMsŧ-xäime	N;PRT;PL;estonian
SđčjRCfőrnma	SđčjRCfőrnaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
mkžõzSCCyu	mkžõzSCCyudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
lŋnIžKfAMma	lŋnIžKfAMv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
eFjőAhAwhr	eFjőAhAwhris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
eoóyIáŋm	eoóyIáŋmdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
Á-u Sma	Á-u Sn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
xdM-pMv	xdM-pMvate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
čSSõ.l	čSSõ.leid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
 ž,mRkda	 ž,mRkjal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
 FMn'ma	ei olnud  FMn'nudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ymxlzuFma	ymxlzuFnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
kpzódsyma	ei olnud kpzódsynudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
RčAA,ŧč-ík	RčAA,ŧč-íkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
tMjnäFžmpma	ärgu olgu tMjnäFžmpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ÁC-ŧčőAim	ÁC-ŧčőAimita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Aóčđkŧblema	Aóčđkŧbn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
oõšaŋkAur	oõšaŋkAru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
pCűmFRúRáma	oleme pCűmFRúRánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
lzáűrkwwúer	lzáűrkwwúriks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
r-ŧđaéŧu	r-ŧđaéŧule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ffíIkKCüžFma	ärgu olgu ffíIkKCüžFtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
jRŋAvima	oleksin jRŋAvinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
hvrőpéCm	hvrőpéCme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
n đááMéeIe	n đááMéeIedeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
pxhgFv	pxhgFvateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
u.töatma	u.töadaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
daóp-đFma	oleksin daóp-đFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
Iokwier	Iokwirisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
põđ.íma	põđ.íksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
čFcjűžöÁhŋu	čFcjűžöÁhŋudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
nšóznma	nšóznte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
cmSöRa	cmSöRates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
úKiS tma	oleksite úKiS tnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ššűÁxine	ššűÁxises	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
g -ätÁma	g -ätÁtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ónömgS-u	ónömgS-uni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
č .álpC.nxma	č .álpC.nxks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
žtgíIe	žtgíIedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
űloSíer	űloSírist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
üí.ésKáMdtkama	üí.ésKáMdtake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
tlIűócma	ärgu tlIűócgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
lrüajRma	oleme lrüajRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
 äÁőeíés	 äÁőeíéstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
AđvIgőma	olid AđvIgőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
IAúbyCnv	IAúbyCnva	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ä.žIčsFÁbgk	ä.žIčsFÁbgkuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
geőc,Ázsgk	geőc,Ázsgku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
Cp-Áčüyuu	Cp-Áčüyuudega	N;COM;PL;estonian
' fpmdC-ma	' fpmdC-sime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
aäAK'bxMjor	aäAK'bxMjoriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
y,đsSfSs	y,đsSfSste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
itžIõa	itžIõatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
tágáđeüCSti	tágáđeüCStve	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
buÁIče	buÁIčede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
kvmőó úŋhs	kvmőó úŋhstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
b-Rmü.ühxma	ei oleks b-Rmü.ühxtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
éfúmõwdAjel	éfúmõwdAjlina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
š,.,S,yma	š,.,S,ynud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
öRKFlgáoö'ma	ärgem öRKFlgáoö'gem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
õvúžižma	õvúžižksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
äokÁđdo	äokÁđdole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
suáđóh Afzi	suáđóh Afzina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ŋóCó-r	ŋóCó-ritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
z včÁMRu	z včÁMRudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
mpuRima	oleme mpuRinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ŋÁb'eMzne	ŋÁb'eMzseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŋaóFüšfpu	ŋaóFüšfputena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
őúiKcődama	őúiKcőnakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
űu För	űu Förisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
'ébF vwae	'ébF vwaetega	N;COM;PL;estonian
hŋvššwäíl	hŋvššwäílis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
 -mu áűma	 -mu áűnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
jsyčŋggä,Átama	ei ole jsyčŋggä,Ádanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
sflzsŋmnel	sflzsŋmdlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
úsezRCđöCter	úsezRCđöCttraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
Fyvüöbel	Fyvüöbliteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
AcCc lđvu	AcCc lđvul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ŧcsjä j'm	ŧcsjä j'mi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
s-vöo.K'ma	s-vöo.K'tud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
 f A Fmŧűö	 f A Fmŧűödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ÁwúSsMMs	ÁwúSsMMsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
öKúFus Ama	ei öKúFus Ataks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
RžžwKs	RžžwKstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
űÁsdäínüdma	űÁsdäínüne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
Cy gwgürwís	Cy gwgürwíst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
šíóuõh,sdlema	ei oleks šíóuõh,seldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
hžhéAma	hžhéAkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ö-đŧäÁik	ö-đŧäÁiku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
žwgčőéÁpnÁma	olete žwgčőéÁpnÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
nä ÁCí.čeiÁ ma	är ÁCí.čeiÁ  nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
éMmvőSa	éMmvőSa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
SűbmödSrma	ei SűbmödSrvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
CzxőííSu	CzxőííSudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
s yõõdézõéer	s yõõdézõérid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
M.đ,t u ne	M.đ,t u stega	N;COM;PL;estonian
'mÁŋäú žs	'mÁŋäú žstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Kmúúčs	Kmúúčsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
j-lÁíđ.hőír	j-lÁíđ.hőírite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
pmmCšI-,vta	pmmCšI-,vtateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
SAž'Cčđa	SAž'Cčđa	N;ACC;SG;estonian
őõAärnglma	ei őõAärnglta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
o  Cömúma	ära o  Cömúe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
Á-nRüíIA m	Á-nRüíIA mina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ÁblCrčős	ÁblCrčősel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ŋtókúkyče	ŋtókúkyčedena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
öíxFIma	oli öíxFItud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
xkl sŧ Ama	xkl sŧ Aeksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
,űü'álma	,űü'áltagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
 jáŋsrm	 jáŋsrmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
üü žjccbŋe	üü žjccbŋest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
máõzöÁränema	läksáõzöÁräte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
žtlőKyhsfwma	ärgu žtlőKyhsfwgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
džRdléma	ei džRdlétaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
wäiIár	wäiIár	N;NOM;SG;estonian
léMd'pvma	léMd'pvn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
äžšy-s	äžšy-sel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ÁőIFšydl	ÁőIFšydliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
Ffä-včCkjen	aknFfä-včCkjs	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Frrruäiđüpma	olevat Frrruäiđüptud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
iga  m	iga  mid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
iRFilm	iRFilmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
'sőõfowr	'sőõfowrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
õAlMrÁwcMer	õAlMrÁwcMtrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
wümMyer	wümMyrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
IüCäypéčCAma	IüCäypéčCAvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
,dnugFšma	ei ,dnugFštud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
žS ósäo,tm	žS ósäo,tmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
zwC.ema	zwC.en	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
õkrg üžFi	õkrg üžFid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
xÁpcäpk	xÁpcäpkutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
űágSpóčđfdma	űágSpóčđfetaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
č.õŧöŋŋe	č.õŧöŋŋedaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
RdŧúöIk.bu	RdŧúöIk.buks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
St,t.one	St,t.osele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
RčíđbSđu	RčíđbSđuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
üRäõgx'fer	üRäõgx'friga	N;COM;SG;estonian
xskílosõ-tma	xskílosõ-date	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ŧdőbCbbgčeer	ŧdőbCbbgčerilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
räviúdšósa	räviúdšósa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
íw.éšsőma	ei ole íw.éšsőtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
edaäčl	edaäčlast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
scaüdzícFűma	scaüdzícFűte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
zbözólr	zbözólritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
zCgMŋl	zCgMŋlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
óđhCdCajó.l	óđhCdCajó.lita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
űűóčF m	űűóčF mi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
'sRAmfwcm	'sRAmfwcmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋŧAívš šxőpama	oli ŋŧAívš šxőatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
nfőrdóSčser	nfőrdóSčsrit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
äbywäRmkama	oleksite äbywäRmanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
jS,MÁgma	ärgu olgu jS,MÁgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
úudŋúgal	úudŋúgali	N;PRT;PL;estonian
nyxŧ syá.áma	oleksin nyxŧ syá.ánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
haKŋóždűmbdima	haKŋóždűmbnitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
-jőMrCv	-jőMrCvani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
  llrböíma	  llrböíks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
Cődsbtama	ei olnud Cődsbdanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
öb Fkéŧaa	öb Fkéŧaadest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Sódpfrkrdne	Sódpfrkrdstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Aj-jc.ayyer	Aj-jc.ayyrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
đ'éúŧn .ma	olin đ'éúŧn .nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
yö Rébšl m	yö Rébšl mdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
löäzI.ma	ärgu olgu löäzI.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ajőshs	ajőshsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
l'všk s	l'všk sest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ž ä-icúsds	ž ä-icúsdtest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
k-ItfÁkt'dma	k-ItfÁkt'aksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ói'ude.wcma	ärgu olgu ói'ude.wcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
õ ókSle	õ ókSled	N;PRT;SG;estonian
syh lõíéya	syh lõíéyadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
aétCema	oli aétCeetud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
y'žűäž Kma	y'žűäž Ktud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
xčloaru	xčloaru	N;NOM;SG;estonian
jhéeCdMükFma	ei olevat jhéeCdMükFnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
uéewóIč-k	uéewóIč-kutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
õn-bkžbvőRma	oleksime õn-bkžbvőRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
žzđpRxlšbtma	ei olevat žzđpRxlšbetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
btŋ.ÁõűwÁema	ärge btŋ.ÁõűwÁge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
Cheč'Cázŧma	ei oleks Cheč'Cázŧnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
raáKix,rőn	raáKix,rőndest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
x.öŋ'űne	x.öŋ'űsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
uŧ,FŧŋSmnck	uŧ,FŧŋSmnckute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
õcFMSIfđma	õcFMSIfđdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
pgõámm	pgõámmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
IFKžtlm	IFKžtlmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
sčnbjáxbCne	sčnbjáxbCstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
 bžgžwáíöma	 bžgžwáíövad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
CeiÁ.íöma	CeiÁ.íöd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
yjaüextone	yjaüextostest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
rI'jwõv	rI'jwõvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
hűõbRnõKtk	hűõbRnõKtkult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
 pRwóz-ojfma	olin  pRwóz-ojfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
jléIüma	ärgem jléIükem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
Rŋŋwmyma	oleksin Rŋŋwmynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ŧgaöshssCs	ŧgaöshssCsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
-MC thzóŋne	-MC thzóŋste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
pCőSRl	pCőSRlite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
šđűŋ.ma	olevat šđűŋ.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
hŧáCrŧčma	hŧáCrŧčge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
úđvÁčvhapabe	úđvÁčvhapapega	N;COM;SG;estonian
irveI'űún	irveI'űúnina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
MŧüdfaxKStm	MŧüdfaxKStmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
gFmzõk	gFmzõkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
órFoítMiakama	ärgem órFoítMiaakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ŋétd,,đma	oleks ŋétd,,đtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
'fínđömcvSr	'fínđömcvSrdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
éoőIšFRt	éoőIšFRtut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Cévevli	Cévevliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
-ŋbt,őrjCem	-ŋbt,őrjCemdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
eviúl'äa	eviúl'äates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
rbIwRúMkune	rbIwRúMkust	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Fŧlžša	Fŧlžšateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
KvKa-'ma	ärgu olgu KvKa-'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
waúšaőŧS sm	waúšaőŧS smil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
 ävgíčma	 ävgíčtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
éoőRMkFF ma	olite éoőRMkFF nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
uCüŧet'ma	oleks uCüŧet'etud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
-nõKúCma	-nõKúCd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
MAl-wa	MAl-wad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
aíly šlama	ära aíly šla	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ÁŋbCzs	ÁŋbCzseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
žtKõtRóäk	žtKõtRóäkul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
saríotúőma	saríotúőma	V;NFIN;estonian
űaS.S,Csma	ei oleks űaS.S,Csnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ápyruóúk	ápyruóúkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
rRöđfMiŧÁre	rRöđfMiŧÁrede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Mooasma	Mooasku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ŧo-eAõcwžer	ŧo-eAõcwžrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
pacRvgöečma	oleksite pacRvgöečnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
n čiős	n čiőste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
SűrIéu	SűrIéuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
čAráj,cpr	čAráj,cprile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
áúhbmrsóéCkas	áúhbmrsóéCk	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŋbŧp s	ŋbŧp d	N;ACC;PL;estonian
j.gKMbama	olgu j.gKMmanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
kw,šzáüa	kw,šzáüalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
I.őg őúcs	I.őg őúcstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Áv-.bf.őa	Áv-.bf.őadeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ÁKIxrü	ÁKIxrüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Fáő.hlbšđma	on Fáő.hlbšđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
MkjpoüAnm	MkjpoüAnmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
áFp'Mtyma	ei áFp'Mtyta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
rčc ol	rčc oli	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ŋAíFzŋfMuu	ŋAíFzŋfMuu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
vŋRŋ,ma	vŋRŋ,takse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
õbsIhSum	õbsIhSum	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Mpõőáwogi	Mpõőáwogide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ejŧICcuu	ejŧICcuude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
öjhtwžuba	öjhtwžoalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
čC'Kápčcu	čC'Kápčcu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
fRékőK' ma	fRékőK' kem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
bkbvxeúöév	bkbvxeúöévatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
owÁü'ns	owÁü'nse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
yŋőnžie vk	yŋőnžie vkutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
lwtőep	lwtőepite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
fsásäM šškama	fsásäM ššaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
 fókAŧa	 fókAŧast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ghzš.,-ngima	ghzš.,-nitav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
uű,šõv,šfmma	ei olevat uű,šõv,šfmtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
MgKüogyűMíma	oleksin MgKüogyűMínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
froÁscaxóema	ei olevat froÁscaxónudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ehA'Flene	ehA'Flesele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
krđtátema	krđtátesime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
nšj'mn	nšj'mni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
'šhŋšbóxs	'šhŋšbóxses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
vyűhcr	vyűhcritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
AövRI,gema	AövRI,htagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
wpo.mčma	wpo.mčvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
lArh-x.íma	lArh-x.ísid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ünlRünema	ünlRünev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
 oi.g.éSsma	oleme  oi.g.éSsnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
SzCocRyíSókima	oli SzCocRyíSóitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
Céűzc-Sk	Céűzc-Skesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
AézngeAFäne	AézngeAFästes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Kéku-xtka	Kéku-xtkaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
cAéfõRežm	cAéfõRežmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
äéš,í gema	äéš,í ete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
óyimáŧóÁma	óyimáŧóÁksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
n.äőyma	ei n.äőyta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
óš'CpKaaÁm	óš'CpKaaÁmist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
 íoűKjlma	 íoűKjlte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ófčnábŋrcöu	ófčnábŋrcöudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
-ögépön	-ögépönit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
dŧRAvk	dŧRAvkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
úüt'mŧäétma	on úüt'mŧäétnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
áósAéó-m	áósAéó-mi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
jbódlgü	jbódlgüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Izumooma	ärgu Izumoogu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
űč-FčõäKtcm	űč-FčõäKtcmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ŧzrčkym	ŧzrčkymdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
-uäöwma	olite -uäöwnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
oŋaAüõrŧya	oŋaAüõrŧya	V;NFIN;estonian
ÁCšuõúma	ÁCšuõútav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
űŋímõSŧsr	űŋímõSŧsrtes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
fáiáüsi	fáiáüsist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
fcívúžlfõwma	olevat fcívúžlfõwtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
d vótcoma	d vótcov	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
FőűICxema	olite FőűICxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
öpzggxwéóäer	öpzggxwéóäriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
 C,műúcFema	 C,műúcFgu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
MatÁ'wč.öÁr	MatÁ'wč.öÁr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Rcroéäbvks	Rcroéäbvksse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
äpRjđMwaa	äpRjđMwaad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ŧ.oCgns	ŧ.oCgnt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
afíCM-s	afíCM-sed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
v.dtšwi.ne	v.dtšwi.stes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
mÁKúútŧu	mÁKúútŧuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Műŧjhma	ei oleks Műŧjhnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
đ-íűüu ük	đ-íűüu ükuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
eúlmúb.jkama	eúlmúb.jkataks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
gxűIŧAäüAs	gxűIŧAäüAsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
kšõsŋűžvma	ärgu kšõsŋűžvtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
őRtMRtima	ärgu olgu őRtMRitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
z 'ú äm	z 'ú äme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ŋgžS bma	olgu ŋgžS bnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
rzzécnkSäáma	on rzzécnkSäátud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
Iõúgaõedma	ei Iõúgaõedtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
wđyn'Rma	ei oleks wđyn'Rnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
.éb'ús	.éb'úste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
xkhrőxüžSu	xkhrőxüžSudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
čCeptcer	čCeptcritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ŧxážpma	ŧxážpb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
öhűeúggŋne	öhűeúggŋstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
xyúAka	xyúAkad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
r dűdpzma	r dűdpzn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ólz-žšur	ólz-žšrul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
pxRägw.šer	pxRägw.šriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
zFúÁMkeŋu	zFúÁMkeŋuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Sxmb-uSŧrFma	Sxmb-uSŧrFksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
MžKõdzkc,kr	MžKõdzkc,kriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
đžimvr	đžimvrteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
õpđkÁbma	õpđkÁbge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
Á nIrčŋűa	Á nIrčŋűate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
éžv  đm	éžv  đmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
Át Csk	Át Cskutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ő,žjéöln	ő,žjéölniks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
'xúcg.wömma	'xúcg.wömvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
gšžŋwkMdőm	gšžŋwkMdőmitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
meióói	meióóidelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
.IgpÁyrr	.IgpÁyrrdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
laőü,,Ks	laőü,,Kses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
bxúó-ma	ärgu olgu bxúó-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
ŧixu,űnäkšma	ei ŧixu,űnäkštud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
äőyóééüma	on äőyóééütud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
fŋčftáFma	oli fŋčftáFtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
Rš,kŧma	oleksite Rš,kŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
FCKšiyamŋis	FCKšiyamŋisel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
M,vnhma	olin M,vnhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ünch'ä Ima	ärgu ünch'ä Igu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
éöc iŋđma	on éöc iŋđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
eŋIÁiskFčpa	eŋIÁiskFčpa	V;NFIN;estonian
myčIötne	myčIötsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
SFdátxom	SFdátxomina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
óeöikMma	olin óeöikMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
đá.St'uAa	đá.St'uAe	N;PRT;PL;estonian
syugéö.l	syugéö.list	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
yfoähhes	yfoähhesateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mažaCÁör'eema	olen läažaCÁör'eud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
fRržd ä'k	fRržd ä'kuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
CyoéRoüKwma	CyoéRoüKwgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
võčhrma	olite võčhrnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
SxfíIKežgune	SxfíIKežgused	N;ACC;PL;estonian
áűevt,žma	ärgu áűevt,žgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
'w-jíma	ärgu 'w-jígu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
äpwe.hyIíma	äpwe.hyIísite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
äuõgiÁ í ma	äuõgiÁ í s	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
rwAđxa  yr	rwAđxa  yratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
š őt-väyma	š őt-väysin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
,Mf'wfKcäm	,Mf'wfKcämisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Ia-zzíma	oleksime Ia-zzínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
S Käõma	ei S Käõtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
fMűŧvvédkma	oleksite fMűŧvvédknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
foí CáŋiiAk	foí CáŋiiAkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
pnrháüa	pnrháüa	V;NFIN;estonian
óCwCőSlákima	oleks óCwCőSláitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
näwšúosõvCk	näwšúosõvCkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
fcpúRsúMÁm	fcpúRsúMÁmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
žpufavc'jma	on žpufavc'jnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
üčáFohžsätel	üčáFohžsätlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
záđöwllzdima	záđöwllznin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
zűráClwu	zűráClwusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
xyfočes	xyfočeselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
íče AsSm	íče AsSmal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
õvđoFp,ma	oleksite õvđoFp,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
vRõó'jc ma	vRõó'jc d	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
Cpctđžüsa	Cpctđžüsa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
hzm-ŋűxama	ära hzm-ŋűxa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
aüöíhS'éÁüne	aüöíhS'éÁüsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
-mMÁäy'ma	-mMÁäy'vat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
la Móücma	la Móücvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
cüt'coadn	cüt'coadnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Fgadžzŋpma	Fgadžzŋpks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ücxrxI'žnma	ärge ücxrxI'žnke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
šzdt.ym	šzdt.ym	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŋ-,Cís	ŋ-,Cístest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ü č,lrm	ü č,lrmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
äõivŧöb,vema	äõivŧöb,ved	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
yrõw'ó-CMr	yrõw'ó-CMrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ééá.čí-náu	ééá.čí-náudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
erRd'lma	ei oleks erRd'lnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
rKózővRun	rKózővRunist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
I tčúvéznnma	ärgu I tčúvéznngu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
éŋFőšCma	oleme éŋFőšCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
x xjIdõđu	x xjIdõđudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
bod.Sr	bod.Sratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
žfrgimma	olite žfrgimnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
mp' őápáórv	mp' őápáórv	N;NOM;SG;estonian
kIäercígne	kIäercígstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
lKnö-ma	ei lKnö-ks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
gyAüőõjma	gyAüőõjks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
 c,őrčxk	 c,őrčxkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
Rlyfzkne	Rlyfzkstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
gdMfIbu	gdMfIbude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
daázhvns dma	daázhvns naksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
őFózRefMel	őFózRefMlitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Müsjšpm	Müsjšpmitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
'äŧõÁx ,Cma	ärgu 'äŧõÁx ,Cgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ú .eI,ma	olgu ú .eI,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
öčCŋKFže	öčCŋKFžeseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
õűaräjxsi	õűaräjxtena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Carnüõma	ei Carnüõtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
amgIölctma	oleks amgIölcdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
pMújFe	pMújFe	N;NOM;SG;estonian
SÁ.šűgníbma	ärge SÁ.šűgníbge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
dűžemđd vr	dűžemđd vrdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
óFwvwađF du	óFwvwađF duni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
KMúbFéčI,ne	KMúbFéčI,stes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ümdé čéFčyer	ümdé čéFčyritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
-Mcpame	-Mcpamedatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
SőIč ps	SőIč pd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ciuõukfu.m	ciuõukfu.mi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öühŋđs	öühŋđstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
yM'uvyem	yM'uvyemdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
zdzõéll	zdzõéll	N;NOM;SG;estonian
čõichwđvne	čõichwđvseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
sí-K Rma	sí-K Rte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
 n  i 'n	 n  i 'naga	N;COM;SG;estonian
FsndIŋö	FsndIŋöle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
önAčlFŋáMnma	önAčlFŋáMntavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
xízMpÁAm	xízMpÁAmitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ŧahntMgma	ŧahntMgsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
frMaáma	oleksite frMaánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
űSš, e	űSš, re	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
KšhMcygžctma	ei oleks KšhMcygžcdetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŧAđrõCma	ŧAđrõCgem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ű-ŋsoőačéma	on ű-ŋsoőačénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
đakõama	đakõate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
v glyídma	v glyíra	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
fokŧl,ma	oleme fokŧl,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
syžM-vđtkr	syžM-vđtkrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
tllzwma	ei oleks tllzwnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
áéäée,Kbda	áéäée,Kbjale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
zvxálwKšKne	zvxálwKšKsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
žísgSűu	žísgSűusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
I Cúcöŋáma	olite I Cúcöŋánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ž,yüõMšAeIma	ž,yüõMšAeItagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
RíožSŋ.p,xs	RíožSŋ.p,xsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
üÁtFós	üÁtFóte	N;GEN;PL;estonian
üiüwyéyFts	üiüwyéyFtseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ŧFAäí.ačKzma	oleksite ŧFAäí.ačKznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ÁwMsšažčma	olgu ÁwMsšažčnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
wúÁóAmu	wúÁóAmul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
üMFmšma	üMFmšsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ŧlwóšFmuCđer	ŧlwóšFmuCđris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
áäštčöoRűu	áäštčöoRűud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
IoC-ížtama	ärgu olgu IoC-íždatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
kž- gÁ'u	kž- gÁ'usse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
c.őphááam	c.őphááami	N;ACC;SG;estonian
.áedžlótma	.áedžlódetakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
bújvőcäma	bújvőcäsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
őnűöđIwel	őnűöđIwlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
yÁääécxuđm	yÁääécxuđmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
íŋtoxs	íŋtoxsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
cdöŧFKmütčma	cdöŧFKmütčsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
óŧ,bMma	óŧ,bMtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
 t,C oxwKÁma	 t,C oxwKÁsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ušKevz,u	ušKevz,ust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
xiófbaž ma	xiófbaž s	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
t.öIei	t.öIeiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
h äxkháyölk	h äxkháyölkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
khačõv ma	ei khačõv a	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
IőogRŋma	ei IőogRŋtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
đuuŋjxia	đuuŋjxiadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
iorMtšŋtma	ei oleks iorMtšŋtdudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
dcnäSyóhžu	dcnäSyóhžuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
u.ujéúaőF.ma	u.ujéúaőF.ksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ybKjpama	ei ybKjpa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
čRlüđCõítmsi	čRlüđCõítmeks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŧÁzžvdlema	oleks ŧÁzžveldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
kyŋlépód žma	kyŋlépód žn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ÁhxRcmíühma	ÁhxRcmíühti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
IKrdŋäSxgps	IKrdŋäSxgpseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Résr, űAŋge	Résr, űAŋkme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
čxh,Kc yŋja	čxh,Kc yŋjast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
õnõvmSm	õnõvmSme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ähuyúč-,u	ähuyúč-,udelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
lxäsp.üuhsm	lxäsp.üuhsmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
vč'őÁžr	vč'őÁžr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
űóú- őma	űóú- őksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
äh'ŋjma	äh'ŋjtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
hseCŧSItma	hseCŧSIdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
-'Máía	-'Máíaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
eFupđeuxum	eFupđeuxumdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
j,áõ,blu	j,áõ,blu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
úCčmézí.čMma	úCčmézí.čMge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
k m.gúpíCsv	k m.gúpíCsvaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
nid'jma	ärgem nid'jgem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
đs iczö-wzma	đs iczö-wzsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
üÁŧMđäv	üÁŧMđäval	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
Rfäšóeama	ärgu Rfäšóeaku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
vűúõ.m	vűúõ.mdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
yčnzsé's	yčnzsé'seks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
űmđbőma	űmđbőmast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
jASž,kv	jASž,kvaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
xÁr.eätma	xÁr.eädaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
-űwöpvtIcxs	-űwöpvtIcxle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
põyčrw n	põyčrw nitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
čüzižŋztxm	čüzižŋztxmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
iI,Ičgfzma	ei oleks iI,Ičgfztudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
õfcCCRÁKgama	ärgu õfcCCRÁKatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
wfnw šeter	wfnw šetrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öökRgnán üráa	öögRgnán üráe	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
b mhema	b mhetagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
á'öõzbúđRma	olete á'öõzbúđRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
 ŧűánRm	 ŧűánRmdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
č-gäa-bCma	č-gäa-bCksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
õžhCÁSk	õžhCÁSkutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
Aoé.Su	Aoé.Sule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
eAhőgCótma	eAhőgCótks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
õAwjčšcs	õAwjčšcseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
xđoAfma	oleme xđoAfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ACIgwõ.'egne	ACIgwõ.'egstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
mÁRógéma	ärgu mÁRógéetagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
đú MSzáhzöm	đú MSzáhzömdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
-sw  Kbđel	-sw  Kbđliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
-Cúdebama	-Cúdemanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
éáŋnpöüšők	éáŋnpöüšőkuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
éöyyšäõSõm	éöyyšäõSõmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
'isSFúAma	'isSFúAtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
wyaõ.omKe	wyaõ.omKedest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
üpš,ÁSa	üpš,ÁSadele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
KiõÁpCtđvma	on KiõÁpCtđvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
tjé šxema	ärgu tjé šxegu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
éfyrzm	éfyrzmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
úfö,ómđxma	olite úfö,ómđxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
éÁ iž-r	éÁ iž-ris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
mMí-žčma	mMí-žča	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
Kjme.posdma	olevat Kjme.posetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ŋcyícRg.fíma	ŋcyícRg.fítagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
é'dRhma	oled é'dRhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
cőeyá éma	ei olnud cőeyá énudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
šCjčuđwžjűma	oleks šCjčuđwžjűtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
uRzyšdIma	ärgu uRzyšdIgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ó.ŧwwvđdma	ei ó.ŧwwvđra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
fgšpbču	fgšpbčudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
xŋiKRčđ'-m	xŋiKRčđ'-mdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
đMlüázlüma	ärgu olgu đMlüázlünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
žtütžwMkma	žtütžwMkb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
űM.xéma	űM.xéksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
eüšxvjéba	eüšxvjéppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
iámzčő'bŧwma	ei olnud iámzčő'bŧwnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ŋÁok'jzm	ŋÁok'jzmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
K R ŧIRgAma	K R ŧIRgAvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
Auiístuma	Auiísutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
 cmwKs	 cmwKseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
',yFbđ.ážtama	on ',yFbđ.áždanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
äRgFaRdma	ei ole äRgFaRetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
,íeűđma	,íeűđv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
-AÁdu.Chxi	-AÁdu.Chxid	N;PRT;SG;estonian
,nűlrbús	,nűlrbúsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Mz aasöma	ei olevat Mz aasönudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
yüyC.él	yüyC.éldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
šiázvSszdama	šiázvSszjaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ző-ŧüxnkdlema	olevat ző-ŧüxnkdelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
óísšŋuFs	óísšŋuFstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
.ŧsCnžäőer	.ŧsCnžäőri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
húfžSKsÁlca	húfžSKsÁlcateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Smlif'ma	ärgu olgu Smlif'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
-óz,čűa	-óz,čűáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
viyé-s	viyé-sokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
hjghérs	hjghérsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Rnlxnfäóšhó	Rnlxnfäóšhón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
aóSrõs	aóSrõsökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
 KAőt.ümekb	 KAőt.ümekb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
mčyjesbtđn	mčyjesbtđnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
wKytSčn	wKytSčnoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
íšvšäpűa	íšvšäpűától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
óžlSvbőál	óžlSvbőálja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
.üwSSaüin	.üwSSaüinokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
cäčpzöáÁnnl	cäčpzöáÁnnltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
Ácrŧšék	Ácrŧšékakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
-p đeÁúí eó	-p đeÁúí eót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
b-õnIn.-ucs	b-õnIn.-ucsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
čhs-Fxróŋéy	čhs-Fxróŋéyekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
n,k Aj	n,k Ajakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
v'yIFft	v'yIFfthöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
žxmeäs	žxmeäsakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
lčKóéõđrkd	lčKóéõđrkddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ISđpéű,.t	ISđpéű,.tokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
jxI'vCcűag	jxI'vCcűagot	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Mõá,vöIbs	Mõá,vöIbsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
.raMčiCws	.raMčiCwsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
čűifšl	čűifšlök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
õá, äíIŋnm	õá, äíIŋnmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
SAFéhkfe	SAFéhkfékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
úKSfnFfg	úKSfnFfggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
íáózIÁz	íáózIÁznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
đScM AzKõem	đScM AzKõmeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Mwllécó	Mwllécókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
íu'R Fyz	íu'R Fyzna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
fheÁÁve	fheÁÁvénél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
wÁr,jia	wÁr,jiákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
áõce.fmdntt	áõce.fmdnttette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
héksíFa	héksíFáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Sptgydön	Sptgydönekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ICúd-yhra	ICúd-yhrákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
bózI wxCŋúa	bózI wxCŋúáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
žtl'FpRžci	žtl'FpRžcikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Mg-'yŋ'Mõb	Mg-'yŋ'Mõbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
o. fđíőpg.l	o. fđíőpg.lottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
éCóRRža	éCóRRžákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
úŧkírs	úŧkírsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
őöípükõl	őöípükõlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
zcÁaűs űvz	zcÁaűs űvzett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
Áõiőŧoöaaa	Áõiőŧoöaaáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
'kčwdsdKóM	'kčwdsdKóM-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋöCIxn	ŋöCIxnig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
óéíđžRÁt	óéíđžRÁtoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
chepcčät	chepcčätasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
oõŋmüőičRő	oõŋmüőičRövekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
kAozčđžl	kAozčđžlet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
AdAčMäkčén	AdAčMäkčénért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
šígÁsuxv	šígÁsuxvektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
dđlaor	dđlaorig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
äóöAtl	äóöAtlokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
,fiéáör	,fiéáörként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
 üõhjžoéz	 üõhjžoéznátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
Rbsxeg	Rbsxegnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
oRKw'v,čđős	oRKw'v,čđősekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
yeazIsáó	yeazIsáókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
.őbčäpaa	.őbčäpaaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Áŧ-ŧRd-đõ'k	Áŧ-ŧRd-đõ'kben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
dhxgšđl	dhxgšđlből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
crrCút	crrCútva	V.CVB;hungarian
sfeaFšIšl	sfeaFšIšlni	V;NFIN;hungarian
'Kfäewm	'Kfäewmba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
bmClIyn	bmClIynokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
űx.CmA'.rg	űx.CmA'.rgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
bISIFbráõRr	bISIFbráõRrakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ujMđačõõAr	ujMđačõõArökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
uüARv,t	uüARv,ttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
kjySmFr xő	kjySmFr xőként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ešjpŧös	ešjpŧösokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
yfbžéät	yfbžéätottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
z,iz'íFšt	z,iz'íFštené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
aIIkpRKe	aIIkpRKével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
 šgtIs	 šgtIsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
xvsüys	xvsüysen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
žhAíbv	žhAíbvba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
-kgÁnld	-kgÁnldra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
 ŧšŋjxsxk	 ŧšŋjxsxkra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
CkyusAKő	CkyusAKőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
űxRAeüa	űxRAeüától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
FđdŧpoúvKSs	FđdŧpoúvKSsekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
va đxfó uxi	va đxfó uxit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
 Mciŋnt	 Mciŋntté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
FbwüKäos	FbwüKäost	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
žŋaFavlRwő	žŋaFavlRwőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋčtŋlbkg	ŋčtŋlbkg-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
phaaözdób	phaaözdóbhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ü-söaz	ü-söazen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
démsä,íháÁszláv	singumsä,íháÁar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
čsómRzcüvfl	čsómRzcüvflnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
é AMi zFMl	é AMi zFMltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
hŧójís	hŧójísok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
úbőmdIn	úbőmdInekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gyegŧxMAáFyladás	singegŧxMAáFyar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
wžSsl-t	wžSsl-ttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
u-užyví,Cz	u-užyví,Czokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
aRgožAr	aRgožArekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Fđaűvóővyl	Fđaűvóővylják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Fđ.všáű s	Fđ.všáű sokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
űeüŋíFffhe	űeüŋíFffhék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
đzvühuvocs	đzvühuvcsokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
SSháya	SSháyához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
zaú,öčüđrl	zaú,öčüđrljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
hl'ŋRŧhó	hl'ŋRŧhókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ÁoóA,úmured	ÁoóA,úmuredekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
čKbüb õie	čKbüb õieként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
vűbmctmb	vűbmctmbtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
tvb.üRFCfčr	tvb.üRFCfčrekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
C-Iehäéa	C-Iehäéákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
lgppűákvd	lgppűákvdtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
jKR-báŋüol	jKR-báŋülandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
xRkŋhdik	xRkŋhdja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
Ijckw'gjđn	Ijckw'gjđnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kđAohuoín	sđAohuoingular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
nöÁeRő	nöÁeRőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
zÁtečõhanyó	zÁtečõhanyóból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
lkzlbbät	lkzlbbätekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
eKzúKb	eKzúKbra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
zí'čbgűl	zí'čbgűltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
tcäAtóstsl	tcäAtóstslunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
hčw fRđ'M t	hčw fRđ'M titek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
sűásä-l	sűásä-ljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
Ikúé'éöa	Ikúé'éöákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
xóyfCjíséó	xóyfCjíséókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
pšlč.zMeób	pšlč.zMeóbként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Sb AFžŧxős	Sb AFžŧxőst	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ww-h'cKüas	ww-h'cKüasokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
MCóčwpw	MCóčwpw-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
iMKCm-Mzpl	iMKCm-Mzplnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
Isubza	Isubzákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
hh'Kds	hh'Kdshöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
zxdŋäíéäöük	zxdŋäíéäöükból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ldSCA,a	ldSCA,áktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
güz''i	güz''itól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
vúRhz myás	vúRhz myás	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
áónlÁ-nIs	áónlÁ-nIsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
đűóCsŋ šváa	đűóCsŋ šváákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
rõmjäíefõl	rõmjäíefõlják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
žáSFáÁrpÁ.s	žáSFáÁrpÁ.son	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
MMpéwzég	MMpéwzégok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
 úCyjŧo-čüa	 úCyjŧo-čüákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
l-ÁžIđki	l-ÁžIđkiben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
véškus	véškusért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
űűmŧKnb	űűmŧKnbakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
mlatxydžr	mlatxydžrról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧ lóđüő	ŧ lóđüőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
-,jŋjAlõe	-,jŋjAlõékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
áRt-dpgk'ek	áRt-dpgk'ekekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
-Rks,šms	-Rks,šmsokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
.rvIA.-đws	.rvIA.-đwsakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
nIetCiCwáűa	nIetCiCwáűára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
kmõswSj	kmõswSjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
cŧ-čer	cŧ-čerba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
šméhgűa	šméhgűákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
lhigky,đb	lhigky,đbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
šAáhMšaš.p	šAáhMšaš.pekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
'bIIlon,Ky	'bIIlon,Knyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
'äŧdzŋMsó	'äŧdzŋMsóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
gúúóCŧSAóg	gúúóCŧSAógokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ylrF.los	ylrF.losakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
Ášj'üASfi	Ášj'üASfikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ööcóhhüč't	ööcóhhüč'tetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
hvmeIő ó	hvmeIő ókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
yŋéuIšIt	yŋéuIšIsse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
l. óxéúbbge	l. óxéúbbgékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
jkyRéúpfŋđn	jkyRéúpfŋđnokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
čdlsrudős	čdlsrudősaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
őd.xavíöa	őd.xavíöákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ŋčüä .ó ios	ŋčüä .ó iosokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
nő'äžn	nő'äžnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
okúbRl	okúbRlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
hhóő  hõbl	hhóő  hõbllá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Söytfi	Söytfin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
IÁõAgl	IÁõAglnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
sptšft	sptšftené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
 peukKz	 peukKznétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
gõŋCay,čps	gõŋCay,čpsekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
őááu.áőFz	őááu.áőFzzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
 CiráSg	 CiráSg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
-R-yčvl	-R-yčvleknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
sóčüüa	sóčüüával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
őműiléő	őműiléők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
uMčhűõžhym	uMčhűõžhymeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
kksbžKüg	kksbžKügekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
,vluú.ce	,vluú.cék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ađšS č,zIŧs	ađšS č,zIŧsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
y,čk rjáAfi	y,čk rjáAfiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
jr íCpAäún	jr íCpAäúnt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
.krús--üsi	.krús--üsit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ueCä'ó'hs	ueCä'ó'hsakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ážxyrísp.	ážxyrísp.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
iuI- ez	iuI- eznék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
õRe  hvdy	õRe  hvdyhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
cfpzlz	cfpzlzban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 rŋlIõwn	 rŋlIõwnekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
rpŋ,R'rhó	rpŋ,R'rhókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
A.'őízhs	A.'őízhsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
žbuóđa	žbuóđáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cikh-nRŋbtn	cych-nRŋbtnokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
aíhű mu .n	aíhű mu .nokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
.SKđšRFđjRs	.SKđšRFđjRsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ÁäksxFőđs	ÁäksxFőđsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
äfvöAj	äfvöAjért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
kfõšđri	kfõšđrin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ltŧõF'žvht	ltŧõF'žvhtenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
rlsššFr	rlsššFrekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
SM'ŧaŋžbApb	SM'ŧaŋžbApbaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
CSmógs	CSmógsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
wcíódt	wcíódtoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
m đäSba	m đäSbánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
síraA Ipjl	síraA Ipjlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
ŧCünü'gűCs	ŧCünü'gűCseknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
fASxop	fASxopekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Iióűyíhr	Iióűyíhrnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
lŋäMRŋguya	lŋäMRŋguyákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
úhémw.tr	úhémw.trban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
gmn.eFa	gmn.eFaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
iMű-f.žši	iMű-f.žši	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
očiÁygcMg	očiÁygcMg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
őxo ü,y	őxo ü,yekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
üŧ'yűió	üŧ'yűióktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
sdjshe	sdjshén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
žIöéömbÁFt	žIöéömbÁFtokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
lteíAMÁAvt	lteíAMÁAvtó	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
oF,kSb	oF,kSbektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
uxőšnéíúuxj	uxőšnéíúuxjnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ÁőnyüwIžt	ÁőnyüwIžtsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
Muaubzüóűr	Muaubzüóűrték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
kp.vžäa	kp.vžäáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
đnđzss	đnđzssekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
étCA sz	étCA szekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
vkrjKúMSt	vkrjKúMStért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
fü,x'y	fü,x'yhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
kŧúgŋl	kŧúgŋlták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
zótđbn'bz	zótđbn'bzekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
učwíčšínóy	učwíčšínóy	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ubkCKFiFel	ubkCKFiFelnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
õđfúeuákr	õđfúeuákrekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
re séi	re séiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
š.őcšúu ák	š.őcšúu ákokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
õbzuzöva	õbzuzövákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
õrfmŧs	õrfmŧsokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
IRÁrnvÁ g	IRÁrnvÁ gtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
AwR éčór	AwR éčórból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
đébIiCkŧz	đébIiCkŧzottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
õFwkc,čfrl	õFwkc,čfrljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
änieSKó	änieSKóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
chiiSkz	chiiSkzekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
vFfggóõđn	vFfggóõđnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
đŋ a öAiča	đŋ a öAičáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
.mšõÁíhkss	.mšõÁíhkssakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
n'iSč jAs	n'iSč jAsekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
-ŋűúõci	-ŋűúõciakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
I.xu'Aföŧsy	I.xu'Aföŧsyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
gõmoöCšbl	gõmoöCšbljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
dböüŧAbŧtm	dböüŧAbŧtmtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
,Sđtpwida	,Sđtpwidára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
äFfűohš'ög	äFfűohš'ögokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
jükŧülŧa	jükŧülŧától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
xmđ'Kbgsón	xmđ'Kbgsónhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
I'xvÁpiAe	I'xvÁpiAétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
FõlvsvdFCa	FõlvsvdFCává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
íeóvi rua	íeóvi ruákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ClMéčvFív	ClMéčvFívben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
im rRó	im rRókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
xywóŋčecyz	xywóŋčecyznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
eCŧt,ŋMiójl	eCŧt,ŋMiójlje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
 ÁmsMl	 ÁmsMlj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
jőbIs-l	jőbIs-ltam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
íws bARžsl	íws bARžslnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
KR űpwcaüla	KR űpwcaülákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
mRúfAűIAgKp	mRúfAűIAgKpeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
inlŋimsíő	inlŋimsíőből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
űAíe',zč'r	űAíe',zč'rokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
é-yKxRkp	é-yKxRkpeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
chđáexá,azm	chđáexá,azmról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Cäcmŋi	Cäcmŋi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
čA.Kdđ-ópi	čA.Kdđ-ópiakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
zföü Cžbrča	zföü Cžbrčáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ü'xéü ä ŋű	ü'xéü ä ŋűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
űűmaüzsCy	űűmaüzsCyet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
IuyáRMa	IuyáRMákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ääeđáoiIt	ääeđáoiItek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmitKúíúKKđđigy	plutKúíúKKđđal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
b aőmAa	b aőmAává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
õäŧhct	õäŧhctendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
möcCóxíáó	möcCóxíáóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
jóáűúđjiži	jóáűúđjižikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
đrđÁójzz	đrđÁójzznénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
IzIxarzs	IzIxarzsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
božFgééms	božFgéémst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
á Sč.Ašűa	á Sč.Ašűáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
lkwwfiCőy	lkwwfiCőyen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Rígignúb	Rígignúbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
õŋmeMžÁcó	õŋmeMžÁcókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ÁrŧđűŧpIs	ÁrŧđűŧpIshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
jžŋfõSsr	jžŋfõSsrokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
vžaACŧin	vžaACŧinokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
.yü óyyäs	.yü óyyäs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ühSfđxnCdŧa	ühSfđxnCdŧára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
séazhŧed	séazhŧedként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ráespüeyy	ráespüeyyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
huđšÁCFÁödi	huđšÁCFÁödikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
-sdtgíSs.Iő	-sdtgíSs.Iőkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
' ünői	' ünői	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
pSi'mom	pSi'mmakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
mypvnr	mypvnrekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ch,rjp	ch,rjpba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
áAdíőyi	áAdíőyiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
uyAr-wwifa	uyAr-wwifákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
űjsMMAl	űjsMMAlnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
lMvsSydšÁn	lMvsSydšÁnekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
-'sŧü,múspó	-'sŧü,múspóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Fgouú-ua	Fgouú-uának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
RíáaRy	RíáaRyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Fđ.Kžyl	Fđ.Kžylnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
öCétauű,vó	öCétauű,vókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
õFŧđgčvFay	õFŧđgčvFagyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
IcéšüSvs	IcéšüSvsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
šÁyí,úšžg	šÁyí,úšžgekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
äbeyFb s	äbeyFb snek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
úbrsõdibt	úbrsõdibttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
vSíó'g	vSíó'gekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
RFsőõfüíiz	RFsőõfüíizban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
A ŋőnRynd	A ŋőnRyndig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
úxtű.snd	úxtű.sndokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
äbzűj.y	äbzűj.y	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
őr,jttdha	őr,jttdhában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
zxwáõSz	zxwáõSzig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
sRhaűosCj	sRhaűosCjokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Suhašmöv-g	Suhašmöv-gnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ógrsIm	ógrsImről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
jwIőgž ákb	jwIőgž ákbbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
đšwtv,ó	đšwtv,ón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
kKpvđéüt	kKpvđéütekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
űúÁpAwbs	űúÁpAwbsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ődóúf.s	ődóúf.sig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
aiŋéšxčžz	aiŋéšxčžzként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
đösčí byt	đösčí bytért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
äné ŋFÁ-Mz	äné ŋFÁ-Mzzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
 xkŋAa	 xkŋAákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
rCnrzRü es	rCnrzRü esból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
eó.kSföŧp	eó.kSföŧpnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
FéúÁsyäfn	FéúÁsyäfntól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
bedffčgŧŋCó	bedffčgŧŋCókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
MčexđKn	MčexđKnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋ,ŋéíyer	ŋ,ŋéíyerokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
MIxbM-gmjjs	MIxbM-gmjjsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
d awŧtt-ŋõn	d awŧtt-ŋõnök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
gjőcxFl	gjőcxFljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ŧff'jőrg	ŧff'jőrgnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
.õenbagüSi	.õenbagüSiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
vK-cx xFxr	vK-cx xFxröktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Cõŧzvđŋkg	Cõŧzvđŋkgoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
núáfssó	núáfssókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
f-jf,'re	f-jf,'rén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
öuzhS é,õdó	öuzhS é,õdókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
đKlIxs	đKlIxsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
rp n.'A-h	rp n.'A-hot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
aklahđfiúó	aklahđfiúóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
áácÁdŧér	áácÁdŧérokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ägnbzh Ki	ägnbzh Kiktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
AItswfüuas	AItswfüuasekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
yárAjRäzz	yárAjRäzzzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgá-ŋđ.-tatás	p-ŋđ.-ural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Rsdčíos	Rsdčíosban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
häxy.w'zsa	häxy.w'zsával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
mđKlh,d	mđKlh,dod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
 síf.s	 síf.sekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
žrrKCmta	žrrKCmtákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
bmšűIéK-.r	bmšűIéK-.rekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
Kícŋa'šwt	Kícŋa'šwtaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
S.Á ifök	S.Á ifökoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
zpű'ŋns	zpű'ŋnsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
žčüčcéIKys	žčüčcéIKyshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
KóIccb	KóIccbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
,.'aópnáKdl	,.'aópnáKdlnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
Sxtőlgé'd	Sxtőlgé'dhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
šmvűfbyd	šmvűfbydoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ű.ŋškSó	ű.ŋškSóknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
KmíjšőrűC g	KmíjšőrűC gért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
wob'űái	wob'űáiekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
 osóISazs	 osóISazsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ŋzborl	ŋzborlben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
RóKčfMé šŋp	RóKčfMé šŋpokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŋyéűoréz	ŋyéűoréznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
üsšžCr.bd	üsšžCr.bdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
 kŧžwő-S s	 kŧžwő-S sben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
MSukíviö'Iik	MSukíviö'Ined	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
õnätcvwšún	õnätcvwšúnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
SőCŧíičás	SőCŧíičásba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
hKŧ Fík	hKŧ Fíkhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
mkžIKöASp	mkžIKöASpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
yõtyűéwcágv	yõtyűéwcágven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋéCémŋIt	ŋéCémŋItnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
fncwIa	fncwIákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
cž-t'öcáús	cž-t'öcáúsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Mwxtx-zKű	Mwxtx-zKűtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ctõaacKFMCp	ctõaacKFMCpokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
áAd gdlkp	áAd gdlkp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Ccáiubín	Ccáiubínek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
dűy mSöél	dűy mSöelekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
uŧ őjtz,s	uŧ őjtz,shoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
cđRŧyöse.en	cđRŧyöse.enon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
đjö Md.có	đjö Md.cóból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Atho űs	Atho űsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
jšüluMsSis	jšüluMsSisoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
jvixRšóÁžmj	jvixRšóÁžmjnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
K'ídŧő	K'ídŧőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
vp fröy	vp fröyekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
üCšK-éđškcz	üCšK-éđškczva	V.CVB;hungarian
lhčđél	lhčđélnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
xűMvŋal	xűMvŋaltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
čMukRŧápung	čMukRŧápungból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Knóu mó	Knóu móra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
.,éxcg	.,éxcgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
M.óíahÁaa	M.óíahÁaában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
isčäIyyvéht	isčäIyyvéhtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
--s ü.	--s ü.-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
fhcűšk	fhcűškeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
cáh töíle	cáh töíléből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
öMyhkfúüRi	öMyhkfúüRiig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
íöčgál	íöčgálra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ő õÁäRÁs	ő õÁäRÁsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
j'ÁxSä Aoó	j'ÁxSä Aoókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
úšíwŧMsóyma	úšíwŧMsóymákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
sőMõM hdpúi	sőMõM hdpúiakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Acríía	Acrííák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
édbüšr	édbüšrra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
IškäMy 'z	IškäMy 'zokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
 wűü ímz	 wűü ímzzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
dRxiSaeéáls	dRxiSaeéálsen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
bIvééŧhfäs	bIvééŧhfäsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋčssMöóög	ŋčssMöóöggal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ŋbűSyíICat	ŋbűSyíICatasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
cžzsIs úds	cžzsIs údsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
đIgÁRtp	đIgÁRtpoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
üMűKsálõht	üMűKsálõhtenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
wvufMMa	wvufMMáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ÁdIs afl	ÁdIs afljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
SFvžÁCznäb	SFvžÁCznäbekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
áúCMmCkšk	áúCMmCkškeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
doűäúülvgozó	pűäúülvural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
wžMMedÁđpt	wžMMedÁđptanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
pÁgŋűŧRyt	pÁgŋűŧRytekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
bŋx,õáipyür	bŋx,õáipyüron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
đčšđFa.k	đčšđFa.k	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
õŋh'zt	õŋh'ztja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
épő-zst	épő-zstban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
tíuõ urs	tíuõ ursokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
vyiőosk	vyiőoskból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
hRStävnuó	hRStävnuókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
őűIAglpõv	őűIAglpõvról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
pđhb t	pđhb tért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ré'ngŧksFp	ré'ngŧksFpokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
wüsjóÁk	wüsjóÁkoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
edíéytFiés	edíéytFiésok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋIõRIcjShely	ŋIõRIcjSlyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Shhtv-óúRr	Shhtv-óúRrig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
' lš-a bäCs	' lš-a bäCsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ruikwkvIt	ruikwkvItanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
sykéxds	sykéxdsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
rIjúo xaRg	rIjúo xaRghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Muwyriät	Muwyriätbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
änlčotrmőa	änlčotrmőában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
rrr.űxKüšb	rrr.űxKüšbre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
igMgAšpz	igMgAšpznél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
FejSúóSšäm	FejSúóSšämhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
CAvü,ž-oda	CAvü,ž-odák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
tiäyykčlbci	tiäyykčlbciért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Kműa gís	Kműa gísből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
đnxKbí e,k	đnxKbí e,kké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
üxyhyÁéűt	üxyhyÁéűss	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
úíy-šcKg	úíy-šcKgnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ugb.iõöMAú	ugb.iõöMAúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
knú émmSnŧy	knú émmSnŧyben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
sb.űiMCi	sb.űiMCiakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
š õívvú	š õívvúig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ŋ mfSj m	ŋ mfSj mnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
uŧŧhoer	uŧŧhoreknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Ám-jöbit	Ám-jöbitnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
čna.twvöm	čna.twvömokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋCwüo.nuícs	ŋCwüo.nuícssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Ipáfüy	Ipáfülyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
t,wors	t,worsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
pg.ŋžčšÁc-ó	pg.ŋžčšÁc-ókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
uFóšS.pő.yi	uFóšS.pő.yiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
bbdőCz	bbdőCszel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
sp'j'Coob,t	sp'j'Coob,tsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
dMASűMr	dMASűMr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
uÁoeoIŋžúMp	uÁoeoIŋžúMpokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Fwüfžs	Fwüfžsokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
hnxgõú-öyft	hnxgõú-öyftban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
onMčFŧŋMó	onMčFŧŋMóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
wűúzuó	wűúzuótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
 zoM.õxr	 zoM.õxrakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
u'A õag	u'A õaggel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
déR,zóa	déR,zóáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
A-uáxMs	A-uáxMs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
déüCIsxFt	déüCIsxFtték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
gkíjöagđt	gkíjöagđtnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
áőáiFt	áőáiFtsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
zId cklűÁul	zId cklűÁuljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
,dz'yg	,dz'ygként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
tCFryíró	tCFryíróknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
jräűg-Cita	jräűg-Citán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
rvŧđžnűn.y	rvŧđžnűn.yhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
vöKŋlr	vöKŋlrokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
CKö-éa	CKö-éákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
MÁrvln	MÁrvlnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ééuóM-wza	ééuóM-wzából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
FúűAűIFr	FúűAűIFrokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
'ičöpÁvõS,c	'ičöpÁvõS,cnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
áŋCéFõzm.i	áŋCéFõzm.ikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
hjzžov	hjzžovsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
'l-ŧŧ jMb	'l-ŧŧ jMbeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
esšgčARa	esšgčARákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
špKSéršms	špKSéršmstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
vMsRÁAfSKt	vMsRÁAfSKtekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
'áfgvFyör	'áfgvFyören	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
nRenöyCt-g	nRenöyCt-gakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
A ycüsiasa	A ycüsiasákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
zžíhŋRémy	zžíhŋRémyekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
uSűíčn,.mz	uSűíčn,.mzokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ríh vl	ríh vlnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
ISgűnkKzl	ISgűnkKzltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
őSMRizz	őSMRizztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ži'fíIrtűKb	ži'fíIrtűKbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
I fvyófxšoy	I fvyófxšoyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
'IpI s	'IpI sként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
tűjóIíhöxol	tűjóIíhöxoljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
SuwncäoÁüe	SuwncäoÁüékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
mgkf.Ai	mgkf.Aivé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
žűFŋgcúőló	žűFŋgcúőlókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
óüzp,AfSn	óüzp,AfSneket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
-t'ŧŧik	-t'ŧŧjanak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
vRuhIhdvés	vRuhIhdvésokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
sdnm-ŧe	sdnm-ŧéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
KaieKúüa	KaieKúüákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ívSaí,k	ívSaí,kokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
đéz-lőcöäa	đéz-lőcöäától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
MxváFfúŧAny	MxváFfúŧAnyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
IlpyCvoyüi	IlpyCvoyüikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
üfõv,w'Cs	üfõv,w'Csért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
eíűa svŧz	eíűa svŧznétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
rksš tpávÁn	rksš tpávÁnok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
t,őgíáis	t,őgíáisig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
nhúkjé	nhúkjé	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
lKICyb	lKICybnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
wdéilk	wdéilkokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ő-ŋ čŋoa	ő-ŋ čŋoákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
 đRšRűp	 đRšRűp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ŧjyfoóSs	ŧjyfoóSssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
RíCcaóšíz	RíCcaóšízzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
däy, wüt	däy, wütakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
hđépjžr	hđépjžrből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Rütsxŧs	Rütsxŧsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
tMh,.sMüi	tMh,.sMüiekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
óž'párpó	óž'párpótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
biépíkõS Ás	pluépíkõS Áal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
kökÁddđ'ik	kökÁddđ'andó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
ú  žízl	ú  žízljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
nátuös	nátuösig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
õR íwögt	õR íwögtba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ojFódik	ojFódzon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
áRnc' .éíxó	áRnc' .éíxókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
e'fúú-whxt	e'fúú-whxtbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
.ü -ädečtčg	.ü -ädečtčgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
dbõ-ŧó	dbõ-ŧókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
rfFcičkhSz	rfFcičkhSzből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
mk pmResb	mk pmResbakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Áóxrínt	Áóxríntanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
íöč-wm	íöč-wm-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
.õ-ŧ.đéKúel	.õ-ŧ.đéKúlem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
čőSyúnhAl't	čőSyúnhAl'teknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
M.eűfÁüd	M.eűfÁüdekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ŧ. -ŋčy	ŧ. -ŋčyként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
F'ž  n.ayt	F'ž  n.ayten	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
őAoójdó	őAoójdókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
SI čdCjba	SI čdCjbánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
őpyiKažwdKr	őpyiKažwdKrt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
.őAíCžtčó	.őAíCžtčóig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
óokŋõIayžöd	óokŋõIayžödet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
KűđbvőSőmKa	KűđbvőSőmKákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
nkwKxyus	nkwKxyuseknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
öő' ju-FKy	öő' ju-FKyakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
űÁ'uéóúm	űÁ'uéóúmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
.žžéõmáb	.žžéõmáb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
.rFwžCzepl	.rFwžCzeplted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
boöísđö.ÁÁály	bolyöísđö.ÁÁáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
iláléő	iláléőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
emúŧdv žő	emúŧdv žőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
AFsőűgvő'y	AFsőűgvő'nyé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
f.dü'vem	f.dü'vemmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
őbgöIpdk	őbgöIpdktól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
önjsIõf, t	önjsIõf, tből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
jxžsüó	jxžsüót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
zrmőőÁxõbds	zrmőőÁxõbdsak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
xéáš-űccwtárs	xéáš-űccwatársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
iC ŧ a	iC ŧ ákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
cCőekSz	cCőekSzra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
véjRáyéAnűt	véjRáyéAnűtakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
őcv' s	őcv' ssel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
éuőn,fúús	éuőn,fúúsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
aűAlIMŧt	aűAlIMŧtekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
k ŧéö,soű	k ŧéö,soűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
R.FuŋaMKvwó	R.FuŋaMKvwókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
iIgŋoõyhb	iIgŋoõyhbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
 öy'aFg	 öy'aFghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
mIűAíúRl	mIűAíúRl	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Cókpycó	Cókpycóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
sFõúžfõ ÁCl	sFõúžfõ ÁCló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
áoSŧIoi Aŧd	áoSŧIoi Aŧdról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
íŧvRchiŋFz	íŧvRchiŋFzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
bčkéjí.õfAt	bčkéjí.õfAtsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
.üúogzt	.üúogztból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
őImuo'emt	őImuo'emtenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
yküCIú'l	yküCIú'lbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
kcgiŋfüxg	kcgiŋfüxgnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
-zRtvsy	-zRtvsyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
víaouz	víaouzhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧCAívi	ŧCAívikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
xuáR fxrcs	xuáR fxrcsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
bfõpC'lm	bfõpC'lmot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
yzúxíIr	yzúxíIrjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
dbSfáxxšAAd	dbSfáxxšAAdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
đöMAbCäa	đöMAbCäán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
eddođyőSz	eddođyőSzról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
dö,eswdöó-s	dö,eswdöó-sre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Aú-x gŧšez	Aú-x gŧšezről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Iŋcđmy g	Iŋcđmy geknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
otöhoušem	otöhoušemekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
égoíŧldIj	égoíŧldIjokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
CbKžjhIyÁi	CbKžjhIyÁin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
zmCuvs	zmCuvsről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
üiűrórCűz	üiűrórCüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 ípó- íéő	 ípó- íéőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Cőŧšŋlnvóő	Cőŧšŋlnvóővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
vjwzzSöjl	vjwzzSöjltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
gztbI ŋüa	gztbI ŋüákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
Sbu-wl	Sbu-wlni	V;NFIN;hungarian
-wšA.éőt	-wšA.éőtként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ue-,Fmõms	ue-,Fmõmsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
wbeÁwrés	wbeÁwréseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
xnS.jRpös	xnS.jRpösekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
íkReizl	íkReizlokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
soírlpfúSna	soírlpfúSnák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
isétčmzvs	isétčmzvsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
úhml đ om	úhml đ makon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ä.läuÁ-ó	ä.läuÁ-ónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
äőäp-lčwj	äőäp-lčwjekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
o. švŧšga	o. švŧšgához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
I-wnk õz	I-wnk õzba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
mF,.nŧdaÁl	mF,.nŧdaÁlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
KMwRõoe	KMwRõoétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
đoúúAŧlyjCs	đoúúAŧlyjCstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
M žFSi	M žFSinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
 đŧIwõ n	 đŧIwõ nként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ódžiskK	ódžiskK-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
wrjätu z i	wrjätu z inak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
űbI-üés	űbI-üésoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
űkxóeóKgm	űkxóeóKgmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋőRčs'et	ŋőRčs'etokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
šyŋháÁélc-s	šyŋháÁélc-sokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
üMücő éõg	üMücő éõgekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
sšk hFfÁdct	sšk hFfÁdctott	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
žubInza	žubInzaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
üSác,él	üSác,élnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
,dűt ,éún'g	,dűt ,éún'ggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ág.xó.zAöIn	ág.xó.zAöInjék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
ifõúšSuai	ifõúšSuaiekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
íákmbŋvn	íákmbŋvnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
k'jeÁIxv	k'jeÁIxvon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
đC,FjuMl	đC,FjuMlom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
đfMIüub	đfMIüubig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
isIđđn. Cat	isIđđn. Catsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
űn'őuđéa	űn'őuđéához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
čnwxgs	čnwxgsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
éš.iŧ .k	éš.iŧ .k	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
lbFKldvät	lbFKldvättá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
uŧüIäže	uŧüIäžéhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
dIúmüt	dIúmütotok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ŋahCpá'l	ŋahCpá'lták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
äđn'šmgškt	äđn'šmgšktba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
iÁŧFKr	iÁŧFKrhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
axébžc.co ő	axébžc.co őkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
zkbAKi	zkbAKikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
A-wpI  äxr	A-wpI  äxrtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
lpčiž-zsy	lpčiž-zsyekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
gIx' üm-ug	gIx' üm-ugról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
CõsäurMš-Ft	CõsäurMš-Ftok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
fkzŋ  te,t	fkzŋ  te,tokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Kspäcdp n	Kspäcdp nból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ošn-ü üivžl	ošn-ü üivžlok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
öcChršfmír	öcChršfmíroknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
sűj.ŧčuxiúi	sűj.ŧčuxiúiból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Cué'St	Cué'Stá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
hlš.wŋéŧtRt	hlš.wŋéŧtRtve	V.CVB;hungarian
Fr'ávŧó	Fr'ávŧók	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
mzäsáCóeFčb	mzäsáCóeFčbhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
öákKÁdz l	öákKÁdz ltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ŋtõbhI'öís	ŋtõbhI'öíssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Rkchŧó	Rkchŧót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ivüčgõj	ivüčgõjon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
rósmloj,e	rósmloj,éért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
,õ SyíKs	,õ SyíKsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
rüvobt	rüvobtokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ln,lay	ln,layért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
'kšőyai	'kšőyaiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
 .yMsb	 .yMsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
'áéÁéab.g	'áéÁéab.gokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
-jj-IMjzŋös	-jj-IMjzŋösokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
IžpsoäKsÁa	IžpsoäKsÁába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
 zÁKp l	 zÁKp lt	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
bCđgióéFr	bCđgióéFrok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
KŋlkőhRfzks	KŋlkőhRfzksek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋó'õuna	ŋó'õunává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
žwŧdšhbkéšl	žwŧdšhbkéšltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
iõíážl	iõíážltuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
p,i.jKjRvy	p,i.jKjRvyek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
fjŋhbpeó	fjŋhbpeót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
khFíštSwhé	khFíštSwhéknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Mäúln.ö t	Mäúln.ö tekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
.izKcxMIađs	.izKcxMIađsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
pewečMKe	pewečMKét	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
lxnoaótfáon	lxnoaótfánakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
cőmŧđŧdcyzi	cőmŧđŧdcyziktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
nú,tõö,a	nú,tõö,a	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
jžókKta	jžókKtára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
S u-wa	S u-wából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
öjõSűő	öjõSűőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
C.míđa	C.míđákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
đnčIüCdšAa	đnčIüCdšAákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
dőúv,daMk	dőúv,daMk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
-Mžošjfirs	-Mžošjfirsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
 mõsé'g	 mõsé'gek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ejbívSFn	ejbívSFnné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Káččkl	Káččkltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
úŋ rž,szŧdd	úŋ rž,szŧddről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
,úeböečúpa	,úeböečúpáknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
nujiwéköbbs	nujiwéköbbsokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
õčõőyöÁpčg	õčõőyöÁpčgektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
dFkaŧgg	dFkaŧggekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
oŋCgMlűk	oŋCgMlűkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
üb,IIíÁíbbs	üb,IIíÁíbbsakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
aöčeuŧómgRb	aöčeuŧómgRbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
CÁwžFüy	CÁwžFüyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
íygš  ddő	íygš  ddőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kénskmÁkő	köveskmÁkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧnhy'ÁMk	ŧnhy'ÁMkekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
nrčáhAöíAr	nrčáhAöíArnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
jö,ŋKšöjžt	jö,ŋKšöjžt	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
tjj,-tz	tjj,-tznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
yŋrđvdA-t	yŋrđvdA-tanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
llsŋóäIKut	llsŋóäIKutakká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
R.FnüKéKőyő	R.FnüKéKőyőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
aMmóäpho,v	aMmóäpho,vvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
c áőžkt	c áőžktetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
rÁÁyksó	rÁÁyksókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
fk  šl	fk  šlta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
fnfwnd	fnfwndak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
űíK xbSÁbgő	űíK xbSÁbgővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ürFSč.lmMms	ürFSč.lmMmsokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
áühébiFds	áühébiFdsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
űč kM űži	űč kM űžikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
rwuMyé yt	rwuMyé ytök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Rhtxeytés	Rhtxeytéssé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
őbRrut	őbRrutsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
ŋuúyss	ŋuúyssokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
čydMéđbtÁó	čydMéđbtÁókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
SfKdirđem	SfKdirđmen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
äiúSFkt	äiúSFktsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
űŋI ttxčÁs	űŋI ttxčÁst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ahđ.zaõy	ahđ.zaõyokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
bÁlF,a	bÁlF,ába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ÁgőüKŋ ks	ÁgőüKŋ ksokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
bđöšelÁÁs	bđöšelÁÁsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
txđüüaŋ Mő	txđüüaŋ Mővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Clds'õSzm.	Clds'õSzm.-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
žõ-M-éia	žõ-M-éiákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
tgwíöa	tgwíöáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
lčúöRŧb	lčúöRŧbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
žäüđót	žäüđótok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ÁpanŧŋyőSa	ÁpanŧŋyőSákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
RöedIüáaó	RöedIüáaónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
d,yáűd	d,yáűdat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
p'lftcčKeŧárazita	singul'lftcčKeŧár	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
őuIűKvižiz	őuIűKvižizzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
uŧeö  as	uŧeö  asnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
'abíjpvúíys	'abíjpvúíysekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
óyrnja	óyrnját	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
õncMäjkns	õncMäjknsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
wM-úőwšhe	wM-úőwšhére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
í'kxós	í'kxósokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
oelIŋmctSa	oelIŋmctSától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ky,RpÁíhéKr	ky,RpÁíhéKrban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
á.iMözl	á.iMözlnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
pgeuzveopgy	pgeuzveopgyekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
l žpgõ't	l žpgõ'tekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
wfIőCw a	wfIőCw ákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
m Cypwús	m Cypwúsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
CožjúFba	CožjúFbákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
KyKÁőgđt	KyKÁőgđtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
kxuyrvő	kxuyrvövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
toícna e	toícna ével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bolyúsülűIpyhMó	sinúsülűIpyhMular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
õđogá-ŋl	õđogá-ŋljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
ulkjFútzt.s	ulkjFútzt.sre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ééÁfšt	ééÁfštanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
xű š-pvmhős	xű š-pvmhősokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ájüžaoúb	ájüžaoúbeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
jCKR .íék	jCKR .íékért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
íeKKmowčmó	íeKKmowčmóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
i mf.ŋdxin	i mf.ŋdxinig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
mtaüws	mtaüwsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
iaűpöm	iaűpömokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
iäđfri	iäđfriekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁRhIir	ÁRhIirökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
u Cstŧ á	u Cstŧ ával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
brnócuöŧFs	brnócuöŧFsök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
IÁFéaéexms	IÁFéaéexmsakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
xhRíűšuAs's	xhRíűšuAs'soknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
íFucIs	íFucIsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
tymth éűs	tymth éűsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
 mzjiübűőó	 mzjiübűőón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ú,Á-'.l	ú,Á-'.ltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
pF.ŧéwfóog	pF.ŧéwfóoget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
nhžMixt	nhžMixtról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
oFčpčő	oFčpčőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Rúmshläó	Rúmshläókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
j-Aešbír	j-Aešbírokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
čjü,é-j ua	čjü,é-j uákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧio.ú t	ŧio.ú töttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ŧzÁFórőg	ŧzÁFórőggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
čyhCKŧr	čyhCKŧrjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
p'aSC.ba	p'aSC.bának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
üÁüi ys	üÁüi yshoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
sFRp'cÁoMin	sFRp'cÁoMintél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
amaCbiŋöv	amaCbiŋöven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
owöiõŧíu rb	owöiõŧíu rbekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
yđbFncm	yđbFncm	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
 õómaj Rđrd	 õómaj Rđrddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
áSwšxuRí đs	áSwšxuRí đssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
.ŋfdröõ's	.ŋfdröõ'son	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ol C bÁl	ol C bÁlekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ndtšutv	ndtšutvban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
dmn-íúR ážő	dmn-íúR ážőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
-õä.sFomAa	-õä.sFomAáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ašhákj'm	ašhákj'mekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
StF őjíúlj	StF őjíúlj	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
bMzctüat-ik	bMzctüat-zen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ka ákIg	ka ákIgok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
óíđŋŧáđAéAs	óíđŋŧáđAéAsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csilrFclpbšbAggfény	singurFclpbšbAgr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
űCföevéjg	űCföevéjgtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
FcöIđx vck	FcöIđx vckben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
bhiRSKawŧ b	bhiRSKawŧ bak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
FzäaaŧR g	FzäaaŧR ghez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
bđŋtđűtod	bđŋtđűtodtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
lxööCn	lxööCnek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
b.áheshys	b.áheshyssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
mü-Iyca	mü-Iycává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
SxCóŋ-s	SxCóŋ-sektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋpbäl-Fz	ŋpbäl-Fzták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
,Fždđnn	,Fždđnnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ófvjhoa	ófvjhoákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
xmKóÁ.ms	xmKóÁ.msban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
đkAhŧgdil	đkAhŧgdilja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
 rédFfoi	 rédFfoiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
éftpđkúr	éftpđkúrökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
of-,ŧ.'t	of-,ŧ.'ssen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
.nčmžvwŧg	.nčmžvwŧgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
btuyKŧg	btuyKŧgokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
.psõ..k ópk	.psõ..k ópkig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
oprkčŧžűf	oprkčŧžűfről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋ.ajbuäSl	ŋ.ajbuäSlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
éűóFÁöűz	éűóFÁöüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋtíuočKc	ŋtíuočKcokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
õbüäK őŋv,a	õbüäK őŋv,áról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
úe.óžÁyáy	úe.óžÁyáyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
zCÁSlöja	zCÁSlöját	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
SjáIŧčöa	SjáIŧčöák	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
cšácátRgt	cšácátRgtokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ezgCŋfy Sčl	ezgCŋfy Sčljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
hőCŧCz''e	hőCŧCz''én	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
bRődwS.t	bRődwS.takról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
öpjbái	öpjbáikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gsfõFlõő	gsfõFlõőkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
épcdzlxRdő	épcdzlxRdőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
puáedcč's	puáedcč'sból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
űõü óúővl	űõü óúővlekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
áučnábs	áučnábsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ííwžõú	ííwžõúknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
eiwblégSú	eiwblégSúakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
cKžđün	cKžđünokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
udKyõži	udKyõžiekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
'iíõnl	'iíõnljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Mxudvkž đgő	Mxudvkž đgőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
lfRüpíMsft	lfRüpíMsftő	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
IRzetšyól	IRzetšyólnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
íRfppái	íRfppáiről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
CtävÁnšoa	CtävÁnšoává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
žurxSiks	žurxSiksról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ú.iSMaoKxűt	ú.iSMaoKxűtokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
bAgmófl	bAgmóflna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
 'ŧu tŧa,ái	 'ŧu tŧa,áiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
FőRwdik	FőRwdták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
'rwFÁ,nžIő	'rwFÁ,nžIőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
MoÁ'iAčim	MoÁ'iAčimen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,óhIšáxúfm	,óhIšáxúfmokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
dš.äIajhui	dš.äIajhuinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
šõSmpvz	šõSmpvzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
äKCo cIln	äKCo cIlnban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
zK sđđhű.z	zK sđđhű.zni	V;NFIN;hungarian
KnFRöMóKó	KnFRöMóKóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
Salbšg	Salbšgokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
žSüvzt	žSüvzttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
xŋKüuor	xŋKüurokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
uúhées	uúhéesokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Rõtüpü,a	Rõtüpü,ákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ówyüó'ŧšõyó	ówyüó'ŧšõyótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
oAFrR'šm	oAFrR'šmra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
dpvysórdŋžl	dpvysórdŋžlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
jvMárvŋt	jvMárvŋtökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ŋnnrKtlő	ŋnnrKtlőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ötIzzsF.-a	ötIzzsF.-ához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
šzčüuŧt	šzčüuŧtenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
éűŧÁkScgog	éűŧÁkScgogekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
 bhűžs	 bhűžst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
srđRmó	srđRmókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
wŧkícúa	wŧkícúák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
üviMÁv Ml.ó	üviMÁv Ml.ókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
álíxdht	álíxdhtaniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
čozoMuúlk	čozoMuúlkokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
hšxöórõÁe	hšxöórõÁéig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
záAóč.a	záAóč.ába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cikelRrxnoáán	cycelRrxnoáánokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
nŧžCsmpFčjz	nŧžCsmpFčjznák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
aő'SävxŋujI	aő'SävxŋujI-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŋžkjI űóő	ŋžkjI űóőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
fíšdxl	fíšdxltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
SŧgžđÁléi	SŧgžđÁléival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
nÁwoűnzoa	nÁwoűnzoán	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
õŧ-.Kõi	õŧ-.Kõiaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
üaűõjCvifl	üaűõjCviflbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
kšlű'v,mKFs	kšlű'v,mKFsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
n jváőISú	n jváőISúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
üšgbmFdwSd	üšgbmFdwSden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
äöC ríjImr	äöC ríjImrral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ííó-Sóns	ííó-Sónsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
éšCu.Fs	éšCu.Fsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Mõő.buf-m	Mõő.buf-mokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
afwíAüegzb	afwíAüegzb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
bk'oÁšskkra	bk'oÁšskkrából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
v.ŧšíbl	v.ŧšíbltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
Ixyzédúŋg	Ixyzédúŋget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ő-žlčtämíl	ő-žlčtämílnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
Áaumŧam	Áaumŧamokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
áF mzälgt	áF mzälgtokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
rsSMíz'Sđz	rsSMíz'Sđznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
šŋdzőzFóó	šŋdzőzFóókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
 xčcAppdÁs	 xčcAppdÁsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
äK'jdema	äK'jdemából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ätčtSíjy	ätčtSíjyra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
žmwčooõbp	žmwčooõbpeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
őFAgđ.aél	őFAgđ.aélnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
gSy-xáutCt	gSy-xáutCttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
őCžSihna	őCžSihnákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
wšúgSt	wšúgStre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Cca-űúlá z	Cca-űúlá z	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ŋégiss	ŋégissban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
bádAzzúg	bádAzzúgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
őđpÁKuz	őđpÁKuznetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
Ačt,l õüjs	Ačt,l õüjsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
,áxõkó	,áxõkókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
hr öočtÁczs	hr öočtÁczsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
 RcmÁIüäk	 RcmÁIüäkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ofóugy	ofóugybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
úIxddclm	úIxddclmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
.l,gKŋ z	.l,gKŋ ztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ű v-Fžg	ű v-Fžgből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
fyeõ-fhn nn	fyeõ-fhn nnned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
čuađvg	čuađvgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Rbs-úf-ikíik	Rbs-úf-ikíne	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
KsúbI úxäíz	KsúbI úxäízze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
 šédccčhvčs	 šédccčhvčsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
đvCeée	đvCeéékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
őűŧzwŧđSr	őűŧzwŧđSrokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
tđ cougg	tđ couggjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
dÁpÁas	dÁpÁasekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
č íal.őlMs	č íal.őlMsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
KoúnSgca	KoúnSgcánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
'ötvÁcgek	'ötvÁcgekokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ieanv,jó	ieanv,jóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
luo nws	luo nwsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
öéwačcIhvđat	öéwačcIhvale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űwsCüt	űwsCüt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
žíéÁđ bCt	žíéÁđ bCba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
đíyölat	đíyölkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uRšSjvhčit	uRšSjvžežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
uõ FbožRat	uõ FbožRsašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
yxCđagŋhta	yxCđagŋđaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
CóAmžzR öshkat	CóAmžzR ösgaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
'cÁIKt	'cÁIKi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
c dkőöđAóa	c dkőöđAóa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
növwálat	növwá'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
CžõMAčöASwhkat	CžõMAčöASwgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
é,šKšőxppat	é,šKšőxpažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
mŋSkg'rt	mŋSkg'rt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
vuízášat	vuízáašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
Iičõ,ri .ŧit	Iičõ,ri .ŧot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
mÁukwtaábt	mÁukwtaábjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
öaRčxofut	öaRčxofot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧMAMöt	ŧMAMöbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuoü SSáit	čuü SSáe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
üAvč,õit	üAvč,õdášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
áAwkóut	áAwkóu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
átöedűku	átöedűuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
žFKÁCöRekti	žFKÁCöRvttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
síémíu	síémíui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
cchnÁ t	cchnÁ da	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
msšCtŋt	msšCtŋšeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
éiFõgMAbópžžat	éiFõgMAbópččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,čfMSmu	,čfMSmu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
äõ-hyÁšđat	äõ-hyÁšažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
'íAőínkit	'íAőínktiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
abõõhkóit	abõõhkótáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
MiSgiyCmut	MiSgiyCmgošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
m.őöí.FIžt	m.őöí.FIžba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
RäííÁjfb,a	RäííÁjfb,an	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
sFfükSőAnat	sFfükSőAašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
xxmCstzza	xxmCstccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
úMbcõhtat	úMbcõđa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
yršSőgCla	yršSőgCas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
sŋöŧml,it	sŋöŧml,ehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oa MnKčCÁdut	o MnKčCÁdon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
Áglo.čégőSzza	Áglo.čégőScca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
wKjKa'chkat	wKjKa'cga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
v.aibat	v.aibot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dápiičIalxwft	dáiičIalxwfšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
íónM'mŋđkku	íónM'mŋđggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
beagÁImeAtéit	begÁImeAtétežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
űnáađabRztt	űnáađabRztlit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xRčöFŋat	xRčöFŋoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
SÁaüöbiKüat	SÁaüöbiKüos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
gMŋáfrvKeóit	gMŋáfrvKeótáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,gühjkdšggat	,gühjkdškkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuojawdMIcrcit	čujawdMIcrcen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋóC,KMtnhit	ŋóC,KMtnhivččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ynuŧõpRkyhcut	ynuŧõpRkyzut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jokxvüzöű-öcat	jovsxvüzöű-öcat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
pCžikC.žkKs	pCžikC.žkKssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
KM.rvčdu	KM.rvčdui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
kbđkőafwla	kbđkőafwas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
t,Keízš	t,Keízžiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
űžpMnva	űžpMnvas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
űlexúwpödt	űlexúwpödle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
súõõsőRõsat	súõõsőRõaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nMd,gcSŧmhkat	nMd,gcSŧmgašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
näCčnŧRt	näCčnŧRt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
oőőaü xt	oőőaü xlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õzfKlAut	õzfKlAvoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
,Áá-műt	,Áá-művččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
näaFórIht	näaFórIhbiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
Ilvöömhkat	Ilvöömgašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
épRi,őut	épRi,őcožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
őy õSűvot	őy õSűvojetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
fnzihšCa	fnzihšCan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
õő'd,,-wáolgut	õő'd,,-wálggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ú,AdIbis	ú,AdIásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoadaicröc-Ihut	čodaicröc-Ihot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
Cryõft	Cryõfvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
wpŋ SC,,it	wpŋ SC,,tii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
l dyđaa	l dyđaan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
fömänivm-žka	fömänivm-ža	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
iAwžrRKat	iAwžrRKtaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sea,uoé xzat	se,uoé xzo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
 diúKúwrühpi	 diúKúwrübiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ŋwib.Mönt	ŋwib.Mönbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
vbéwj éišta	vbéwj éišat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
čfdküdat	čfdküdá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
huFúót	huFúójehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
yžŋčC,eallat	yžŋčC,ellos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ex ŧóMűóčamos	ex ŧóMűóčpmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reatŧá wtrkiőut	retŧá wtrkiőo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋ ŧwélbFargŋut	ŋ ŧwélbFrkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ájdsúüűfit	ájdsúüűfeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
až-wcknrjfbmat	až-wcknrjfpmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
űoóIäit	űoóIäehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dCőhuádnut	dCőhuánnošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
éaiFüŧat	éaiFüŧkaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
täšdAúí  i	täšdAúí  in	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
x oŧcit	x oŧckášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
Ito'K'okčat	Ito'K'ovččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,üŧi bF'žžat	,üŧi bF'ččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
hővmőfät	hővmőfäšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
őžvzubšát	őžvzubšá	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
dAyűđ-nahci	dAyűđ-nazi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
KhwcčCeõŋt	KhwcčCeõŋda	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
 égŧüt	 égŧübehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧnđvFMyö,öt	ŧnđvFMyö,öleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yAvcKn a	yAvcKn taid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
d'boaewõyöet	d'boaewõyöe	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
lMKnlÁCt	lMKnlÁCše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goazúőÁűinpúut	gozúőÁűinpúkole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
súetiö Krat	súetiö Kaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
vbCožKíipmat	vbCožKíimaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
pfé.đggat	pfé.đkkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
č oSwŧŋt' hcut	č oSwŧŋt' zošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
v,ű,zgFpza	v,ű,zgFpztaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
sirCxbbdúhčit	sirCxbbdúžášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
íenRFt	íenRFžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuoöwđ'tit	vuöwđ'tdiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
lkyb-áÁešwt	lkyb-áÁešwdiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
éóüpÁűKt	éóüpÁűKbut	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
'đáős pat	'đáős pkaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ömsAažžut	ömsAaččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
üsš. Sw vsat	üsš. Sw va	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
 -j äšõkvhcit	 -j äšõkvzežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
xma.Cűí,íi	xma.Cűí,ídiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
 pjűóöeé it	 pjűóöeé e	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
RSrbgys	RSrbgysain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
űjFđ dčKlut	űjFđ dčKlu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
Só,KIt	Só,KIbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
kčóčöt	kčóčöba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
tev,ä bcõšut	tev,ä bcõšoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
čŧfr-Icnŋavkit	čŧfr-Icnŋvkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
čüiw Mt	čüiw Mba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
zF söžmyrthpat	zF söžmyrtbašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
die,AšgFša-đfat	di,AšgFša-đfot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
íKáCRš.čpat	íKáCRš.čažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
 áAönmCŧõÁat	 áAönmCŧõÁdaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Iŧ'Á'űödÁCt	Iŧ'Á'űödÁCšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
 ü.o kžit	 ü.o kže	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
KaÁegŧhhtat	KaÁegŧhđažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
heaámášúut	heámášúgošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
RIjšč it	RIjšč eš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
Ríxázwíat	Ríxázwídašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
jwSvjodrat	jwSvjodažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suoFixIÁuűat	suFixIÁuűet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
áuzeAüCtat	áđažeauzeAüCppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
MtRígŋKat	MtRígŋKtalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Rwlműt	Rwlművččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goak,jaž srut	gok,jaž sros	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
KsŧűhgRt	KsŧűhgRšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
 õcFnRbnlat	 õcFnRbnaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
m,aIpÁ.ác.s	m,aIpÁ.ác.said	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
aö,Roäčotzkku	aö,Roäčotzggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
äm' ŋ,-Iit	äm' ŋ,-Iehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
vealMI,õut	velMI,õgole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CyRsoäčd.ŧt	CyRsoäčd.ŧt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
.õoóäóiksit	.õoóäóivssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
mb -Aylŋnít	mb -Aylŋníi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
MMd,Kčí,mdja	MMd,Kčí,mjain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
AméAIgõóggat	AméAIgõókkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
súcSAžcŧöbmat	súcSAžcŧömmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cjöčxäoat	cjöčxäooska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
RčFčbnlvxvat	RčFčbnlvxašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
, ádsiiŧhxa	, ádsiiŧhxvaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ajábji	ajábjái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
űfzIl-f okamos	űfzIl-f okpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
isč,öMút	isč,öMúvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bealőp õvpi	beőp õvpiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
R g pfzűt	R g pfzűt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ükAa t	ükAa beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
Cŧáczőaamos	Cŧáczőapmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
uKdtd ziđat	uKdtd zian	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Axfdiš'i	Axfdiš'i	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
CSčcx tpCzggit	CSčcx tpCzkkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
đx vnRsÁõednit	đx vnRsÁõennášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
k'Cű,űsŋfs	k'Cű,űsŋfsa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
Kču vt	Kču vleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čiedõmóhŧat	čidõmóhŧoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oMjSbavs	oMjSbavs	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
.čFŋRőműut	.čFŋRőműdožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
bSžmec éóót	bSžmec éóóleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
neakäimäúoõági	nekäimäúoõággiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duoŧzašäat	duŧzašäet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
žú.kfvAtŋa	žú.kfvAtŋsas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
úyőFévt	úyőFévvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
énčprvat	énčprve	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
võtõ-čdämohki	võtõ-čdämgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
pđKhMpöFgit	pđKhMpöFgeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
kgCbSűbbut	kgCbSűppo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
 gu uu	 gu uuid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
kđ,õíat	kđ,õíe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
eõaíŧäüčat	eõaíŧäüčbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xáiož ut	xáiož došii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
đppüIFvRoMpit	đppüIFvRoMáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hžRöyhkat	hžRöyga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
sFaMčK t	sFaMčK diin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ű.öíédnit	ű.öíénnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ósdyAcat	ósdyAcen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
šfkjjÁuMbargut	šfkjjÁuMbrggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
f-irbžgŋat	f-irbžkŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
áIÁnwvat	áIÁnwašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
Á.f-.t	Á.f-.jit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
hxÁRgäAŋit	hxÁRgäAŋežže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
 šuaÁxdzzt	 šuaÁxdzzžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
xäáSõémt	xäáSõémjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
'-bsKő.eFÁlát	'-bsKő.eFÁ'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
hk ,uit	hk ,ude	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
v'KCóíüst	v'KCóíüsža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
nmkáüéŋKt	nmkáüéŋKlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čé-ihIxCjkit	čé-ihIxCjkan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
u ŧyk cit	u ŧyk ášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
õžlo.úlat	õžlo.úašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
šIžšürt	šIžšüride	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
drixKkmAmt	drixKkmAmbun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
-cüoSéí-at	-cüoSéí-i	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
pÁŧzyšuúat	pÁŧzyšuúgalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áolK.lát	áolK.'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
xx.jSohkat	xx.jSogašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
öóŋ'õat	öóŋ'õe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
nczp zva	nczp zat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
jčuSC fõAit	jčuSC fõAtášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
žMžhtŋžlat	žMžhtŋžaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
tŧšpovMájat	tŧšpovMádji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vát'dhrüumect	vá'dhrüumect	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
oIđčjhčgíCit	oIđčjhčgíCbáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
kŋsfčttz-l	kŋsfčttz-liin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
'éžóóvö'Sčkat	'éžóóvö'Sčaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
kC,,fMyúKavvit	kC,,fMyúKvežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
pbnŋ wSMjIr	pbnŋ wSMjIr	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
i twSđit	i twSđtášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
õ-KÁnCróa-t	õ-KÁnCróa-idet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
üüó.cga	üüó.cgain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
A ŧ őrkMba	A ŧ őrkMhpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
,,xdőőrÁFüa	,,xdőőrÁFücain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
prmŧw.nrä t	prmŧw.nrä t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
čwŧpüžõRhčit	čwŧpüžõRžiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Fíyunőäat	Fíyunőäot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loaeőclKScyat	loeőclKScyet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
űšAüŋú.ŧleat	űšAüŋú.ŧlekažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
AđyKóö,,ätnas	AđyKóö,,ättnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
tõSmoSat	tõSmoSen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
yxžpuAčet	yxžpuAčevččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
íjíš'őövt	íjíš'őövlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geaCRŧöeit	geCRŧöediide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
vk.'ŋ õ.Svat	vk.'ŋ õ.Sažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
lőözRíCt	lőözRíCbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
mRúóbyoucdna	mRúóbyoucnnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
st.ičiőčöt	st.ičiőčöjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rád FaKŋlb'õt	rá FaKŋlb'õžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuojCRš,SIedKit	vujCRš,SIedKgiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
fčKsümzévohčut	fčKsümzévžuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
geantfyeKgit	gentfyeKgdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
giewzŋčűIKAit	giwzŋčűIKAdiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 RrMsŋ,..,ut	 RrMsŋ,..,coše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
yÁüéudnut	yÁüéutnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoíhIhluyat	čuíhIhluyen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játhővpgÁt	jáhővpgÁleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
l tiösat	l tiöalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Kžb őóut	Kžb őórožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
v g nxuat	v g nxuet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuogaCl,iüay kit	šugaCl,iüay ežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
gčwü'žžfáéđat	gčwü'žžfáéašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
üÁgáz'jMörut	üÁgáz'jMöuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
mzjwjKt	mzjwjKba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
SíMŧCMta	SíMŧCMtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
áŋáuđt	áŋáuđžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
edKwFMCI.it	edKwFMCI.težan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
A' MčFl it	A' MčFl etne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
xšfo yyat	xšfo yyzaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šfcőrFönamos	šfcőrFönpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
äščuvŧ'űyut	äščuvŧ'űyon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čatk'fáFkäŋvKt	čak'fáFkäŋvKlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pöwS õ sat	pöwS õ ažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čiečkšwížuat	čičkšwížuet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
Ahžvxait	Ahžvxaeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
náA-dIka	náA-dIain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ŋ eiudžat	ŋ eiudžcalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rőÁoóélyat	rőÁoóélyet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
zowhIeüzit	zowhIeüzeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ilSICđgiSit	ilSICđgiSvežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
jwđrõbgmit	jwđrõbgmdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
Á.üúäš.tit	Á.üúäš.áleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 'Fé bxdt	 'Fé bxdbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
IS deRoat	IS deRoe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
őftnó.öaféut	őftnó.öafégošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
'z-cRpma	'z-cRmat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
beaüreojCaóóit	beüreojCaóóos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
Aű'gü'Sn	Aű'gü'Ssan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
č-űMglit	láč-űMge	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ro é Múgalt	ro é Múgali	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
.š-äpwla	.š-äpwlaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
äCíŧ üIIrKt	äCíŧ üIIrKšit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
šC'wŋIÁeAyit	šC'wŋIÁeAyoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
täR-áöi	täR-áöriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
FvMŧ.nrt	FvMŧ.nrt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
,'őőŧűat	,'őőŧűoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
nwá' vbSyíđi	nwá' vbSyíiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
I,.,RhbKšt	I,.,RhbKšt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
űmaA éüüéüat	űmaA éüüéüá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
yofFwóoMt	yofFwóoMhiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
reafnbéuŧrm'ii	refnbéuŧrm'iriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
'gŋeđIđSt	'gŋeđIđSt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Cíú-äkwgŋnoggut	Cíú-äkwgŋnkkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
uMóűőraxt	uMóűőraxt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
bétc múit	bétc múe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
bS A.trn	bS A.trmiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ozäŧjcúwóvt	ozäŧjcúwóvt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
óúyhbdnu	óúyhbnnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
gočIÁj Milat	gočIÁj Miašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
xäõ  m đa	xäõ  m đa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ŋrűäcšit	ŋrűäcšeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
óumxfit	óumxfdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
űKud,yst	űKud,ysdin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ä'őMíit	ä'őMíeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
käz.íyŧit	käz.íyŧan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
nRržegõ ŋit	nRržegõ ŋeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
hpjjSsat	hpjjSašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
űMuK mcpt	űMuK mcpleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
édűđmúiSat	édűđmúiSgažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
kóxyätti	kóxyätti	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
''űž,Ket	''űž,Kii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
žaőhxai	žaőhxaliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
s-tšAl	s-tšAl	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
jíŋoŧrat	jíŋoŧažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
amríšžb,a	amríšžb,ain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
amÁ oöMdna	amÁ oöMnnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
íSibžMõAäđat	íSibžMõAäan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jieátaõumÁúõMat	jiátaõumÁúõMe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
xivűdešzslat	xivűdešzsat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
M ađđKnft	M ađđKnfjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Fmőaiösijit	Fmőaiösijeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuof féc'ŧit	vuf féc'ŧet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ídä.xnmjáa	ídä.xnmjáii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
üüxRwjtabbut	üüxRwjtppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
đkúéSoús	đkúéSoússan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
eIcšv éüIut	eIcšv éüIrut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Aŧparzi	Aŧparziid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
üőeÁ,đ ,Ácut	üőeÁ,đ ,Ácgožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
 dRyAööw.htat	 dRyAööw.đažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
njibÁÁőűáša	njibÁÁőűášsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čFnséMft	čFnséMfn	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
g'äIe.t	g'äIe.bu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
a'nKnz őut	a'nKnz őu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šeaKõswiut	šeKõswigožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
őžéúá,--pmi	őžéúá,--mi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
.úRpIdštRfat	.úRpIdštRa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goawióütds,lnut	gowióütds,lnvožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
coáüéžKcŋt	coáüéžKcŋbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
z,éóSš	z,éóSččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 Ifwčhűŋt	 Ifwčhűŋbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ütõúóIúReit	ütõúóIúReá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
txír'At	txír'Abehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
í öüzŋđFat	í öüzŋđFoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doac g-óIKut	doc g-óIKvui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
údőöy ž it	údőöy ž tále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õek-í'rővat	õek-í'rőašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
žyőCS,őűŋamos	žyőCS,őűŋpmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
,'éökõze	,'éökõzet	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
úoóCAajat	úoóCAaje	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ősrMägit	ősrMäggii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
éKfűőšat	éKfűőale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
snzú jexp,nu	snzú jexp,uide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
űž.pr it	űž.pr on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
iűcCđdna	iűcCđnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
páxÁ-mŋt	páxÁ-mŋba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
csMSthšrát	csMSthš'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
íiž áÁgavvi	íiž áÁgviid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
špp,umbat	špp,umbcan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Mgžbldõ'wkit	Mgžbldõ'wáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Meöäóés	Meöäóésain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
éümoán	éümoán	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
sj.cIzFálat	sj.cIzFále	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
clÁexhvSi	clÁexhvSri	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
nrusÁkAa	nrusÁkAii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
õ byđžs	õ byđžsiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
gwštđut	gwštđgošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
pRíáe'bčáűbmi	pRíáe'bčáűmmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ówfFeéöSÁit	ówfFeéöSÁe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
mgRjsFKúőpat	mgRjsFKúőpgaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
KRv'MäkFxüat	KRv'MäkFxüá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
mS-ovCt	mS-ovCt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
kjtjúahcut	kjtjúzošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
őöIčab-eđđi	őöIčab-điin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
gsFőti	gsFőtái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
íŧčkökyeit	íŧčkökyeeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
oužšhéta	oužšhéaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuomA  MCžut	vumA  MCžot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
l,š yän'đit	l,š yän'đdežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
möááõxRfsa	möááõxRfain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
rk köwéõüt	rk köwéõübehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
 übkš nmzgdnut	 übkš nmzgnnoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 oCžőeClat	 oCžőeClkašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ÁdCzdyópmi	imÁdCzdyóin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuozéCzyŋúiAdit	vuzéCzyŋúiAdet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
cy ógüt	cy ógüžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
xföúŋpkžánt	xföúŋpkžánime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gád.éúŋűt	gá.éúŋűi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođvaóoKlFpõŋt	guvaóoKlFpõŋiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cjwdSAxhta	cjwdSAxđain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
wúiđRla	wúiđRaga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
diexS.äočIhut	dixS.äočIhgošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
izwáIõüüokit	izwáIõüüokeimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Cobs  at	Cobs  važat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
óKAűds sja	óKAűds sjgat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
pkRúCovit	pkRúCoežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
äčáfhCÁK-Áut	äčáfhCÁK-Ádoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
',ŋčxFz,lat	',ŋčxFz,ašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
zxűđiüKođđut	zxűđiüKđoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
l,Fsineíbis	l,Fsineíásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oaxüšb ut	oxüšb ot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
uóüčüfs,at	uóüčüfs,gašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
SeőA'at	SeőA'baža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
'mI úit	'mI úet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
bCj-ítfäa	bCj-ítfäa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Müxlöžcđčt	Müxlöžcđčide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ylMMIytmkit	ylMMIytmkeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
tkžSfpFi	tkžSfpFin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
uájíjRižakčut	uájíjRižvččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ohoõ r,-ó at	ohoõ r,-ó et	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
frffuat	frffutu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
ghCFrwSt	ghCFrwSjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vea-'rčézőit	ve-'rčézőtežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buoíog tcfõat	buíog tcfõet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Rsrhpođđit	Rsrhpđežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šeaÁxíhmxfut	šeÁxíhmxfgožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
b-FKtyut	b-FKtyos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
RSbáMméit	RSbáMmégále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
x'aií.ŋt	x'aií.ŋšeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ötíŋ,kčnyjohki	ötíŋ,kčnyjgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
vtcŧđätordnut	vtcŧđätrtnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oap ŧA,tit	op ŧA,toska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
ue.őfŋaet	ue.őfŋaei	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
'aŧuvälrit	'aŧuvälreappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
íűaSóöösőit	íűaSóöösővát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
áÁKIvjhpat	áÁKIvjbaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
cíéőóksšF'at	cíéőóksšF'o	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
seakžsšiíoat	sekžsšiíoo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
-pžőwat	-pžőwot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
sikffsa	sikffaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
KMküryd čit	KMküryd ča	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŋűSCŧKaätat	ŋűSCŧKaätet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
,Acúfa	,Acúfvain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
tcx'aádni	tcx'aánniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ű'aM-Áat	ű'aM-Ádaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žŧgppt-õhpat	žŧgppt-õbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
cüuúíŋ ht	cüuúíŋ hžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
eslvŧ'hfit	eslvŧ'hfe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋvKgsv.fčhpat	ŋvKgsv.fčbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uőrőõorus	uőrőõrrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
.n.,sŋjeämamos	.n.,sŋjeämpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
íwSfű áMáut	íwSfű áMáon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
uúbRFlwRit	uúbRFlwRdášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
gFõCímät	gFõCímäžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goaínCrxjvut	goínCrxjvo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Fnđäu.đat	Fnđäu.đos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
óy caSma	óy caSman	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
dkd.i bIaűu	dkd.i bIaűui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
úAŋoíwúK .rát	úAŋoíwúK .'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jokőcoFöw t	jovsőcoFöw le	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wčõŧSsöt	wčõŧSsöžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
F cA z Cit	F cA z Cet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
FäKé'õcit	FäKé'õcižeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
vSčIíúMt	vSčIíúMle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áSsűÁ.žKat	áSsűÁ.žKkaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
rđmi,'r bfggat	rđmi,'r bfkkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Mizžőn't	Mizžőn't	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
űtmFŋImet	űtmFŋImiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
d 'gboüi	d 'gboüsiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goarűÁušéíaCŧt	goűÁušéíaCŧidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Ioiüifit	Ioiüiftálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ógey'Kökut	ógey'Kökgoleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uKKxmMŋb-vat	uKKxmMŋb-aleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wčbéžđjŋ'mt	wčbéžđjŋ'mdiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
dMcŋj,xKöit	dMcŋj,xKöeažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
FčüuAhat	FčüuAhe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
áKđ'đa	áKđ'đlain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
xrhFđdóFt	xrhFđdóFgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ŧüšxdőžu	ŧüšxdőhččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
KÁjyjúw-i	KÁjyjúw-dis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
hyeRvpéhcut	hyeRvpézožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
ópáöóht	ópáöóhbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
pá.vbű'őt	pá.vbű'őjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŧ IKm söwrát	ŧ IKm söw'ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lKärčdű hpat	lKärčdű baleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
iő ž očđvnit	iő ž očđvntášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
mbšmđc ,t	mbšmđc ,jehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
lűxplrat	lűxplrkaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
.őKMmtMvRt	.őKMmtMvRba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
õohböMžcõát	õohböMžcõábuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
Ir'A rsuáhka	Ir'A rsuága	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
l écFtt ,bvat	l écFtt ,bažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
rK rxčCva	rK rxčCvtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
clruafetűit	clruafetűe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
duaó. vat	duaó. vet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
r dyažeeMđat	r dyažeeMašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
hfkmláuat	hfkmláuos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
m.-lđj.FSat	m.-lđj.FSet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Ámrecnit	Ámrecnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ŋyIóodäazõat	ŋyIóodäazõu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
äSvbou Awmu	äSvbou Awmui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
og tirxat	og tirxet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
žérRmt	žérRmžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
röűk ő,ŧűŋt	röűk ő,ŧűŋba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
vÁlyKpraRit	vÁlyKpraRtášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
đRédmpŧt	đRédmpŧbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
žyč-fááüút	žyč-fááüúbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
RClsuót lpt	RClsuót lpbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
yRuöúIRöaait	yRuöúIRöaakát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuowč-bíCit	fuwč-bíCe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
i,,uéhscgkčat	i,,uéhscgvččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đuíÁcõCműki	đuíÁcõCműktiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
đkhAfólit	đkhAfóášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
Rhitödnu	Rhitönnuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
žRldMđatnat	žRldMđana	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
SFMbhal	SFMbhraliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
xcrCkzza	xcrCkccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
w'yõoarrut	w'yõorošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
CäÁäášpyot	CäÁäášpyoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
aóttúzRuit	aóttúzRutežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
bFbáoRt	bFbáoRt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
leaŋäíw'Ádcänit	leŋäíw'Ádcändiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
RŧKčynt	RŧKčynleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yüáytat	yüáytot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
éúűímrčpahkit	éúűímrčpgežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
áíSwÁžIStMt	áíSwÁžIStMžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
dŧcéúŧwpšu	dŧcéúŧwpšui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Iúnđőxšit	Iúnđőxšášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
főzéküšort	főzéküšorvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
 lnđcat	 lnđcu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
oűúAõzfälúat	oűúAõzfälútažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
tpšäücööAsat	tpšäücööA'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
geaŋCíKA oit	geŋCíKA oet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
äpzčndnat	äpzčntnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
botuyšocet	bouyšocelii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óžzCbFfut	óžzCbFfubehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goa.aŧbKenüöut	go.aŧbKenüövuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
 golnz at	 golnz galeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
m-ŋxÁt	m-ŋxÁdiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
a.Ágŋddut	a.Ágŋttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
űKvMrs,s	űKvMrs,sa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
'é rit	'é rijehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bieŧ',ägpit	biŧ',ägpot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ss,FjSőéfsu	ss,FjSőéfu	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
 lbRõhčat	 lbRõžašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
zö,itA-acggat	zö,itA-ackkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
uhzvAKShpi	uhzvAKSbiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
veaäntfčit	veäntfčoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
FäSgKt	FäSgKbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
.ÁKőoäíit	.ÁKőoäíkášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
axőSúđõ,at	axőSúđõ,kai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
,iüIá git	,iüIá geabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
u eššűúgrát	u eššűúg'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
lfüäuKit	lfüäuKidiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
rbsp'ut	rbsp'os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
vjKűtemit	vjKűtemgálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õs.zms	õs.zmsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
dhóúdhzyžŋpmat	dhóúdhzyžŋmažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
eFa'ésoáerkti	eFa'ésoáervttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
gu.žčFSs	gu.žčFSsas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
tfa öšC-KÁa	tfa öšC-KÁain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Fčirüčúhddu	Fčirüčúhttus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
K-twmtt	K-twmtjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
x,ŧmnCyšõtvat	x,ŧmnCyšõtaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šKdđutfšnwat	šKdđutfšnwet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
sđž-äúabmat	sđž-äúammažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
ŋo'züpIhli	ŋo'züpIhiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buovIgböwut	buvIgböwdolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gA óüt	gA óüt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
I  đđn	I  đđmiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 hőcŧ,ammut	 hőcŧ,mmoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
őRöoKhC,t	őRöoKhC,lit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
KKntäabbut	KKntäppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
,jaüIl'ut	,jaüIl'o	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
pRčMázifíktit	pRčMázifívttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
rxe mrt	rxe mržan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
äASlClvotit	äASlClvoežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
đáAčžšAt	đáAčžšAvččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieőÁűxunjat	čiőÁűxunjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
áčxúI g,čat	áčxúI g,ažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
mõzofat	mõzofahkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
'űŋosdfit	'űŋosdfdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
wáF.aöljut	wáF.aöjošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
SđđlFđMddit	SđđlFđMttášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
,zűmfcut	,zűmfožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
šüázFŧw'vit	šüázFŧw'vet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
dlIhčőÁiäcit	dlIhčőÁiäceappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ymKöCut	ymKöCguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Sđxäčea	Sđxäčegain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
övboŧRdnat	övboŧRtnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
pAíárFiÁat	pAíárFiÁá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
rlšmAisőpMlát	rlšmAisőpM'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ehräűt	ehräűše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Su'Fczšmxpat	Su'Fczšmxalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ű.õŋält	ű.õŋäljehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
pMž-äžülat	pMž-äžülos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
-đmmŧat	-đmmŧkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 uFgđšwfit	 uFgđšwfi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
é  õmumpűoidni	é  õmumpűinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vmuíűóŋŧat	vmuíűóŋŧgalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-žcvÁlst	-žcvÁlsjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guoÁAdtlíat	guÁAdtlíet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
mefzlpŋt	mefzlpŋbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧFI. vlat	ŧFI. važetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
đmCčŋhkat	đmCčŋgašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
űsŋinMŋáÁkdnáde	etniidűsŋinMŋáÁktte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
dú Fšat	dú Fši	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
hs'ócüFAŋat	hs'ócüFAŋá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
bIjgčakcut	bIjgčavccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 ávžca	 ávžcan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
-éőhäpkFt	-éőhäpkFvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ééüekčCbAät	ééüekčCbAäbuin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dzKgw ŋuöit	dzKgw ŋuötášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŋđKú.iŧ Mit	ŋđKú.iŧ Meappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
düykMt	düykMba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
õúüIj.gmhžlut	õúüIj.gmhž'lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
đücI éga	đücI égsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
mvőőőűiAt	mvőőőűiAba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cadgjüm.ämmt	cagjüm.ämmt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaA ŧvjúšut	reA ŧvjúšrožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋ,ŋécocfMit	ŋ,ŋécocfMtežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luoíőcčytit	luíőcčyii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
FčMdőuwhát	FčMdőuwhábehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
öüd.õlsat	öüd.õlažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
m-čpe 'Át	m-čpe 'Ábus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
-ö,láctna	-ö,lácnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ŋwšáót	ŋwšáót	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
abeúrxílŧsđit	abeúrxílŧsášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
iKwčeűőoŋbmat	iKwčeűőoŋmmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dadxK'úsüíxgät	daxK'úsüíxgäžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
zkyčbRcat	zkyčbRcgai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 iáurCFóžut	 iáurCFóžtole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đbüõígFat	đbüõígFoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
eúhCift	eúhCifbuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
Fpmžkwmpüat	Fpmžkwmpüen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
'wčüjt	'wčüjjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
őősAmöt	őősAmöi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
posFöőúwIut	posFöőúwIšožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
š-AÁrKhčit	š-AÁrKžii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
.óűäüxéehki	.óűäüxéegiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Avöäysr,urat	Avöäysr,uašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
fzFőúŧMgűha	fzFőúŧMgűhsaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
jÁú üun'eat	jÁú üun'ekalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'á',vims	'á',vimssii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
öwStht	öwSthbu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
 Sfäžrvat	 Sfäžražeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
-xõžčÁargut	-xõžčÁrggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vöesR.a, íut	vöesR.a, íduidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
xcRškvSö it	xcRškvSö ehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
eAoAi ggut	eAoAi kkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nCu fwíÁMi	nCu fwíÁMdiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
yössFaõuõalli	yössFaõuõliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
pz,Rvnüabbut	pz,Rvnüppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
üúkmfKóŋai	üúkmfKóŋabit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Rkav,hcat	Rkav,zažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
aSbk nčgš	aSbk nčgžžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boaŋjKp.yk sóit	boŋjKp.yk sódii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
őho-lŋSÁrat	őho-lŋSÁaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
xgMj,önit	xgMj,öne	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuobpö úyK-hit	čubpö úyK-hos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ehmš it	ehmš dáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Keüäceit	Keüäceu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
eđíyk,amos	eđíyk,pmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
žRéA Ámu	žRéA Ámu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
űy šM z,õat	űy šM z,õgale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohcmŋoRÁíŋŋvt	ozmŋoRÁíŋŋvšin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
zhudehŋ-djut	zhudehŋ-jo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
yécCm,t	yécCm,behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ámúŋhKat	ámúŋhKvašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
óeükmIésat	óeükmIéaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úziAŋkčat	úziAŋvččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
lűszwhcat	lűszwzalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gü'eläjKÁhtit	gü'eläjKÁđášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
reazöááržAŋut	rezöááržAŋoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
CjyáhMyAtltit	CjyáhMyAtláleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bŧáőkat	bŧáőket	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
R.wõoúüžotat	R.wõoúüžoan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoŧsw Ktđüut	čuŧsw Ktđüo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
á,aRđóAaibmut	á,aRđóAimmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
veaélžč  i	veélžč  giide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
If,ájddat	If,ájttaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
éÁőđintsMIa	éÁőđintsMIđamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
űRszCútäRea	űRszCútäRean	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
'öŧo.pl.it	'öŧo.pl.dále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
u,RúKdrallut	u,RúKdrlošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuotí-đyjyut	vutí-đyjykoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ioakđÁmc,at	ioakđÁmc,et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋđdgčvt	ŋđdgčvt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
áwfÁuKíthcut	áwfÁuKítzuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
- tóÁhhamt	- tóÁhhamža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
hMjõžuKkit	hMjõžuKežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
 tjöFuiŧpmi	 tjöFuiŧmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
žxhšŋki	žxhšŋis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ésđr 'cú'rat	ésđr 'cú'aiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
fFíömŧi	fFíömŧin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
rúúIFšgx-it	rúúIFšgx-tiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
šCbő'üwnäórat	šCbő'üwnäóalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CröKSž ovat	CröKSž oašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joatKsÁfcsüeit	jotKsÁfcsüeot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
kláMčt	kláMčbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
KőF Ággat	KőF Ákkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Kä,Rđü ut	Kä,Rđü vun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
FgIj-KxwSRhkit	FgIj-KxwSRgáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
wämäualat	wämäuaažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
RerafRőit	RerafRőtášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guoűSűFŋnéiIat	guűSűFŋnéiIet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
äfapűi	äfapűiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
r afAt	r afAbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
lbzhljdna	lbzhljnna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
I z dŋ'pat	I z dŋ'pon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
fäow amos	fäow pmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ž-Á'dlat	ž-Á'd'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
Mbehŋyõú't	Mbehŋyõú'behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
AlK-mđ út	AlK-mđ úbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
vhđSn'hadjit	ejvhđSn'hžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
újžmúđwnit	újžmúđwntášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
A eb-xCídbit	A eb-xCídbe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
éKKhöit	éKKhödáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
etúuhs-ža	etúuhs-žat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
dA- iAtlji	dA- iAtji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
SžÁwlargŋut	SžÁwlrkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luoélčlŋ pŧit	luélčlŋ pŧtii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
čmbKdöpfkhhpat	čmbKdöpfkhbaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-ypIIrwvfgŋat	-ypIIrwvfkŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
aMojy.őiõŋit	aMojy.őiõŋgežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
lAuzpŧeúRoat	lAuzpŧeúRooset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
dóüÁáűmvŧit	dóüÁáűmvŧdášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
yüvejzčsdhpa	yüvejzčsdhas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
öőűfűűöšd š	öőűfűűöšd ččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
švrÁ'őŧrRcis	švrÁ'őŧrRáin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
AÁÁđShüžhhkat	AÁÁđShüžhgašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
rjöwkat	rjöwkdat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
iatÁé hchat	iatÁé hchzašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
úxSőlnd-xt	úxSőlnd-xttain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
éieeŧkŋat	éieeŧŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
snRzáyat	snRzáydažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
heaaáučšóõróut	heaáučšóõróguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
téapŧat	téapŧda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
jõyõcit	jõyõcet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
űšgõuűkFs't	űšgõuűkFs'leidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 wđüžguűjt	 wđüžguűjt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
öüőófla	öüőófa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roajyčoõŋčit	rojyčoõŋče	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
áeIúKöđat	áeIúKöđdaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ayivöŋpvplat	ayivöŋpvpaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rlxieóat	rlxieóka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ryhcflxú dci	ryhcflxú dit	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
zyMcmüđoéa	zyMcmüđoéii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
đ žõÁ'oat	đ žõÁ'oet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
tõ'öknšjsu	tõ'öknšjsun	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
,KäyIÁőtorat	,KäyIÁőtoaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óéAwcxRki	óéAwcxRkái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
üégtKI it	üégtKI et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Axc lt	Axc lvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
e'Fw t	e'Fw dis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
MiíFKüüFit	MiíFKüüFeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
éwKAvzéŋngat	éwKAvzéŋngiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
lfKzhIFFvát	lfKzhIFF'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
utCčhsddit	utCčhsddeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
 dmAőóbcat	 dmAőóbcbaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
grMűkóíđődhkit	grMűkóíđődgežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
úűnzdit	úűnzdi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juoi.Káú,ut	jui.Káú,buidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Ijrüäkvyjrgŋat	Ijrüäkvyjrkŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xäšűbóddat	xäšűbóttale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'õóđét	'õóđévčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
lRCChcölcit	lRCChcölceappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
SŋCxa'đŧxrat	SŋCxa'đŧxa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boa,bwfxäuut	bo,bwfxäudolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧtnMca	ŧtnMca	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
őälš.at	őälš.taide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoaSškjsÁCi	čoSškjsÁCgiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
y yAKbezikt	y yAKbezikbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ü pRv'žõt	ü pRv'žõše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
pxőfMghá.t	pxőfMghá.behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
üá. Fhpat	üá. Fbaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ÁyR'wóaa	ÁyR'wóaan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
MüRaMbšoűRt	MüRaMbšoűRšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
űwŧAvSit	űwŧAvSeappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
'ävCscI.it	'ävCscI.i	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
čKvõ.ku.-xat	čKvõ.ku.-xgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
bdtámrpat	bdtámrpi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
lč.űpC-iKat	lč.űpC-iKkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Áđsvüy Foa	Áđsvüy Fotaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
Áŧlxúwis	Áŧlxúwtásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
Kđ  žrat	Kđ  žašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ižh-ókwlKtit	ižh-ókwlKežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
úSienüyáačit	úSienüyáačeappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
üswnuävat	üswnuäalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
száiÁjt	száiÁjža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
.'Áémp t	.'Áémp t	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
IévpFxdRxput	IévpFxdRxut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
wFdágžs	wFdágžsa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
jFÁóóšüIxdamos	jFÁóóšüIxdpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
đÁjÁ'uŧKwelit	đÁjÁ'uŧKweáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
sRőnSöat	sRőnSöot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
MCMCAvit	MCMCAvet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuoówg.đoÁxit	vuówg.đoÁxet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
bóSöbtéčmmas	bóSöbtéčbmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
gáyMwút	gáyMwúba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
coő,Sgoiat	cokkaleiő,Sgoia	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SÁnűsvit	SÁnűsvtiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
 uäbŋwsKt	 uäbŋwsKžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
úwéAwovssu	úwéAwksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
.cõä' Ft	.cõä' Fšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
IzIexđÁla	IzIexđÁa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
beeŧkK.Cõŧa	beeŧkK.Cõaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
đI'zíčat	đI'zíalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
aAiybjéuoggut	aAiybjéukkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧ.jn.lóat	ŧ.jn.lóet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
MlöÁűFšat	MlöÁűFašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
wwR Iíuäi	wwR Iíuäin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
psRmKt	psRmKidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
őügüőut	őügüődožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
oaK.űžüdtRsat	oaK.űžüdtRai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
žwžéáxut	žwžéáxos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
hea'b-tflíut	he'b-tflígožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
 ,nóéäšáäi	 ,nóéäšáäái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
 iwŋ'mt	 iwŋ'mt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
''Sđhit	''Sđhdáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wvuówKn'.a	wvuówKn'.a	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buoektfúűőbuit	buektfúűőbuen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
äywúoFét	äywúoFébeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuo kdđIrgŧCwut	ču kdđIrgŧCwkuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
F'-AwéűShpat	F'-AwéűSbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cđüeižMđt	cđüeižMđba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
üsllbtynűfdnit	üsllbtynűfnniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cadkakbŋza''t	cakakbŋza''žehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
Rúäu,Razait	Rúäu,Razaebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
,Aeőučóo ua	,Aeőučóo uaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
oojéÁkdna	oojéÁknnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
pw.Ááelát	pw.Ááe'lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
übFl.gtta	übFl.gddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
vzpwAAs.iptut	vzpwAAs.ipošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dipõnzí uyRKöt	diõnzí uyRKöžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
,M-rKaŧõa	,M-rKaŧõa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
 fműiülit	 fműiülon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
,žüőŋđpŋŋ.s	,žüőŋđpŋŋ.s	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
uraõ.Cšednhkat	uraõ.Cšedngašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
aRyrr.jCRfat	aRyrr.jCRažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
jŋM,ášđuűyaggut	jŋM,ášđuűykkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
kpŧóxbú ába	kpŧóxbú ába	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
KčgSRit	KčgSRehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
Mw Cm at	Mw Cm on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
MučÁöőäIőbbi	MučÁöőäIőppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ó.-öälõöõIit	ó.-öälõöõIi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
dätnöé.ncvttir	dätnöé.ncktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dieoöKzvut	dioöKzvbošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
űóoáäar	űóoáäkariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
 'weáCaíxtna	 'weáCaíxna	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
-dŋúwõdaikut	-dŋúwõdikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žiKÁon-it	žiKÁon-i	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
aääkMűat	aääkMűkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
oőlűRammut	oőlűRmmot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
,sšn.-Sčdna	,sšn.-Sčnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
seažójaKŋfd-Mut	sežójaKŋfd-Moska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
õõpiFsRtahcut	õõpiFsRtzoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ü. ŧCŧt	ü. ŧCŧgain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buzyémk,ci	buzyémk,cái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ÁmÁ óűázžit	ÁmÁ óűázžon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doaüä'á'ŧut	doüä'á'ŧvošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
lokRú. ot	lovtRú. oime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
üFkžyit	üFkžytáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xműšű''t	xműšű''jehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
.lp-äCöIt	.lp-äCöIle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ástüáI'nöcat	ástüáI'nöažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
 oejiCIŋxiat	 oejiCIŋxikažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
pžpbäeat	pžpbäee	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuodühčŋ-t	vuühčŋ-iga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
nMäRús,it	nMäRús,ežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
óöSub'at	óöSub'oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
űlSI,lKIšpmas	űlSI,lKIšbmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
nõósk at	nõósk vaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
čxpfó.pŧit	čxpfó.pŧeappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
tF ožt	tF ožba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
úitfb'őpgs	úitfb'őpgsin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
giksdpxIt	givssdpxIleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sAážocäddut	sAážocättuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
R MtIMžvat	R MtIMžale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Sč'üFpvät	Sč'üFpväga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Ádmcrhbut	Ádmcrhbboleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-ŋdánt	-ŋdánba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
gAáAct	gAáAcn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čie hyík,keäđat	či hyík,keäđet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šsnräŋIn.nit	šsnräŋIn.nkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
tgbsősut	tgbsősložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
rMűxžit	rMűxžidiid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
õÁykAknt	õÁykAknt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
šwyyAaóet	šwyyAaóii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
éuzäíječaut	éuzäíječacolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ev.Rőfcägrt	ev.Rőfcägrt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
žzžÁŧwóŧFáhta	žzžÁŧwóŧFáđaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
,mõé-bmat	,mõé-mmaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čötw,bzšt	čötw,bzšžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
,Föyyit	,Föyyeažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
vnMMšäFx-vat	vnMMšäFx-vá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
znwtpvat	znwtpaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
eCtx Shkat	eCtx Sgažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suo,Cöy.it	su,Cöy.et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
riö'éü.uõat	riebažö'éü.uõet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
Rsfnhzkcut	Rsfnhzvcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
žűűíRMtba	žűűíRMthpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ohRoäahci	ohRoäziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čeaFáđáM.üat	čeFáđáM.üon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
Kžfa űlrát	Kžfa űl'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pfkäSmvat	pfkäSmašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ú  mlh t	ú  mlh še	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
IAčCcvxltöit	IAčCcvxltötáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
iÁbóe včóárat	iÁbóe včóáaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Sújodőílákčat	Sújodőílávččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
I,jMcznűsit	I,jMcznűsdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
MõwA-õhžtakcut	MõwA-õhžtvccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dadszoxöIt	daszoxöIšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
og-güit	og-güoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
öw, jpi	öw, jpin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
úM ptkhrMAla	úM ptkhrMAaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
IaéA'Ait	IaéA'Aeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Mčš.õKt	Mčš.õKt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ívaA.MucbCa	ívaA.MucbCla	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
z šŋbšat	z šŋbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
tečhmšbõwit	tečhmšbõwan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
,ŧdskut	,ŧdskgoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ö'yŧ.-čMŋct	ö'yŧ.-čMŋcbuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
lbRõbážjwit	lbRõbážjwos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
Fröerpr	Fröerpriin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ou.uhat	ou.uhgalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
efŧb'őjit	efŧb'őjeiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
öymdMSőentnit	öymdMSőennežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
tgŋk,sRuat	tgŋk,sRudaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ügukűv Rtŋt	ügukűv Rtŋšeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
reAlšmmüaledjat	reAlšmmüaldjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
,õtzŧŋllš	,õtzŧŋllččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
IMzgFut	IMzgFubehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
RđűCnéčvit	RđűCnéčále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muoCsaRšit	muCsaRšoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
rüööiit	rüööiet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
č.SõzIgas	č.SõzIasa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
zé-kFCbšíőa	zé-kFCbšíőlaid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
-SlüRtCwoit	-SlüRtCwoat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŋđfúőđos-õt	ŋđfúőđos-õšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átaöRÁŋ't	áaöRÁŋ'ide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
iSCűst	iSCűsn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
uaoőuet	uaoőuiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
dtCuIit	dtCuIišeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
yžžfő'ut	yžžfő'os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuokđééiFkkut	čukđééiFkkkožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ylshővđóŧäeigut	ylshővđóŧäiggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
váyázdnádet	etniinváyázttet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
čozäéot	čozäéošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boaMŧbkđlut	boMŧbkđlduimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
vgóóhčat	vgóóhaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dSäŋzKR  it	dSäŋzKR  dášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
'ŧe túhđit	'ŧe túhášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
cčpéđ,óit	cčpéđ,óileiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 MäcRxC.žput	 MäcRxC.žpdut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
üsđSvMd tlat	üsđSvMd tašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ŋcÁSamosat	ŋcÁSamoaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
o'ccõRit	o'ccõReaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
eK,eőčxŧit	eK,eőčxŧežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Mó óéőéaš	Mó óéőéaččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
udšIlöédéut	udšIlöédédošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
úrAv,FCyt	úrAv,FCyžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
 hnőuzFljut	 hnőuzFjožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
sMmóűŧx.žKt	sMmóűŧx.žKvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
xű šŋzr	xű šŋzra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
axex-hdsat	axex-hdsá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
raűžšCchci	raűžšCczi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
.wíéFcóäFdhpat	.wíéFcóäFdbat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
MóöSFallut	MóöSFloleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
aFhmakjölat	aFhmakjöažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
äđoöRMr	äđoöRMra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
béstá tt	béstá tt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
mé.féfčd.üt	mé.féfčd.üt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieoŧlÁFÁat	čioŧlÁFÁet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ylbRIxjska	ylbRIxjneaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ő-orC-áit	ő-orC-ái	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
icIuüb űKőat	icIuüb űKőet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ű,üAcat	ű,üAcajin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
IebwIűa	IebwIűan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
úočtcfzAš'lat	úočtcfzAš'aleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CIŋMfősóit	CIŋMfősóos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ddüynt	ddüynjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
S-hs'éat	S-hs'ékale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.ŧuoArat	.ŧuoAaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vs'fzđsFit	vs'fzđsFebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
yMvRKécut	yMvRKéošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
SÁhbrrut	SÁhbro	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
jsó éyäŋa	jsó éyäŋat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
míŋgÁCcIit	míŋgÁCcIon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
Iéaphit	Iéaphan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
amdžü rjeit	amdžü rjeeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
rúfžá'tđat	rúfžá'tđkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ohutálát	ohutá'láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
úoíődš	úoíődžiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
áxfhzat	áxfhzdažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
čdFüAIuMeAhkat	čdFüAIuMeAgažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
 öõzŧASrat	 öõzŧASat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jblelfwi	jblelfwjit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
IšcIö,ggut	IšcIö,kkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
RcüAmŋűjKš	RcüAmŋűjKža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
kõ-CAlí', t	kõ-CAlí', t	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
đgŧwcgia	ole đgŧwcginut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
hwFyMnaki	hwFyMnaeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Ms bSa	Ms bSkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
M äélžđAta	olisit M äélžđAnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
íõ émI.gyRä	íõ émI.gyRkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
šübžőhűrwa	olemme šübžőhűrweet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
úI rõdnen	úI rõdsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
-zSÁva	-zSÁvoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ügAÁA šnen	ügAÁA šsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
 hüšŋi	 hüšŋilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
 d-tooűmõä	olisi  d-tooűmõnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
,őöRaőđö	,őöRaőđöitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Spgpói	Spgpóeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
elö-nötöu	elö-nötöuna	N;FRML;SG;finnish
Knnnčo	Knnnčoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
lnz äköä	älkööt lnz äkökö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
ž.põőaŧäFnä	ž.põőaŧäFnisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
úIéüáa	ei úIéüánut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
táRčü' a	älköön táRčü' ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
umMiKMpsi	umMiKMpsien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
eõračs	eõračs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
tdŋiíAt néa	tdŋiíAt néa	V;NFIN;finnish
 n,jkhfolä	älköön  n,jkhfokö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
axÁSf i	axÁSf issa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
fSiwrš,F,i	fSiwrš,F,illa	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
rrődözea	lienee rrődözetu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
x-íéä mäwűtyä	älköön x-íéä mäwűdyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
Mé.Rúä	olisi Mé.Rúty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
õž íđ a	emme liene õž íđ neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ndIlI.i	ndIlI.ista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
uüÁCndCSe	uüÁCndCSeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
káxMrúänen	káxMrúästen	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
bhoõkkäiutta	bhoõkkäiutnille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
gđiüč'a	gđiüč'oiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Ayšé.taa	ette Ayšé.a	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
đríõõs	đríõõdelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
nűjve'aiaki	nűjve'aiaeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
űIúőđj.kíata	en űIúőđj.kíkaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
yõKjdoää	on yõKjdoänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
sáfíéóa	et sáfíéóne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
nđÁ-yčRkšhti	nđÁ-yčRkšhilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
SFKw,äSa	SFKw,äSoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
-Khedndv la	älkäämme -Khedndv ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
žőúhjčórmi	žőúhjčórmien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
- KŧAsflíyt	- KŧAsflíeisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
SűÁKIäa	olisin SűÁKIänut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
MRäzia	MRäzikoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Ac čđäđoöa	ei ollut Ac čđäđoöut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
íIukbKžnä	íIukbKžnästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
d udt,eüõi	d udt,eüõeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
xbzchAeŧíga	xbzchAeŧígassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
áKčbj'zs	áKčbj'zdet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
igŋsAnen	igŋsAsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
.óbpđ'a	olin .óbpđ'nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
äđMsőőž.őztaa	äđMsőőž.őzettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
IovvčfšíéMta	ette IovvčfšíéMnneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
íxõpú'ää	älköön íxõpú'ettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
.šsCök	.šsCökeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
čúöáőí'mäSa	älkäämme čúöáőí'mäSko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
AC.  uha	olen AC.  uhnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
dŋkrúoüwa	ei dŋkrúoüwa	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
űknéäbF dõata	ette űknéäbF dõpaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
ifIÁđíä	lienemme ifIÁđíneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
'uö u, očka	'uö u, očoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
goõőÁä	en ole goõőÁnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
R-fRbuä	lienet R-fRbunyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennäy k.oKéűCn	meniväty k.oKéűCn	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
wzáy'hváaa	wzáy'hvái	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
čj'uMa	eivät čj'uMne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
aeóžjFžz'ta	lienemme aeóžjFžz'nneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
üŧCžF-Fmprs	üŧCžF-Fmprksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
Išau-a	Išau-aan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
mjíđböb taa	mjíđböb ettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
g-đrõi	g-đrõille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
až čCsnCi	až čCsnCi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
 őočđiä	 őočđiiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
yüfjŋži,byi	yüfjŋži,byiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ciŧvđđa	ciŧvđđoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
šúz.lzui	šúz.lzueja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
nddbbgFcvbä	älköön olko nddbbgFcvbtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
õÁő-Fújúni	õÁő-Fújúnia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
.axjFhpčlmas	.axjFhpčlpailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Iuc'šIi	Iuc'šIissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
žíhbpma	ette olisi žíhbpmneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
űCAyw'drgbi	űCAyw'drgbea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
kcvčwy	kcvčwy	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ó' šMöy.č-s	ó' šMöy.č-ksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
íCmõl'ö-tŧtä	eivät olisi íCmõl'ö-tŧnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
hCúö-ctšä tajuntansa	hCúö-ctškää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Aaŋšusti	Aaŋšusille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
wčŧówófs	wčŧówófkset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ópISFFa	ópISFFoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
éč-šő,nen	éč-šő,sella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
,IMŋrs	,IMŋrdellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
anxäša	ei liene anxäšttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
byűü täeáCi	byűü täeáCeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Cfžbőöi	Cfžbőöia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
íySáweyspa	en ole íySáweyspnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Ixmcŋ,luvjta	Ixmcŋ,luvjava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
ŋŧädIođúa	ŋŧädIođúit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
űóáhwíféa	lienen űóáhwífénut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
srCöi,ge	srCöi,gkeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
õoggvtä	älkäämme olko õoggvnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ä zjAš-häknen	ä zjAš-häksiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
wIđűnsnen	wIđűnssin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
FeúmnM s	FeúmnM ksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
'ÁF zriđta	'ÁF zriđsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŋépšjätu	ŋépšjäduin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
Múüöptyä	Múüöpnytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
yékvúIji	yékvúIji	N;NOM;SG;finnish
üiwóvm-ä	ette üiwóvm-isi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
RŋiFüäSya	RŋiFüäSya	N;ACC;SG;finnish
mz,ščKbú-ja	olisitte mz,ščKbú-jneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
őműzšöka	őműzšöalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
lđór'u lőa	lđór'u lőoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
d.swunđaőoi	d.swunđaőoille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
'-uMõahhđntaa	ei '-uMõahhđnettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
ž iüéFža	olimme ž iüéFžneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
jšóžacöyc aa	oli jšóžacöyc ettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
dSC-ybnzői	dSC-ybnzőeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 sxC-šia	 sxC-šii	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
C'űõüűlko	C'űõüűlkoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
f-wmRőS a	ei ole f-wmRőS nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
űlšúia	űlšúiaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
'dáäli	'dáäleille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Atäökápéi	Atäökápéille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
đŋüCcdda	et đŋüCcdnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
dKümkbjžži	dKümkbjžžiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
úäkdŧäa	úäkdŧäkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
,f.šö.rõŧ e	,f.šö.rõŧ teet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
óFčKAma	ette olisi óFčKAmneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
pyžéMčg što	pyžéMčg šdot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
jIötŧbŧIa	ei olisi jIötŧbŧInut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
záŧõbšc ä,tää	on záŧõbšc ä,etty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
,žlSn-ädšőnen	,žlSn-ädšősestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
d ydtzzŧmo	d ydtzzŧmoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
étKpenvtä	olkaamme étKpenvnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
iűŋŧšđs	iűŋŧšđs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
.ék'júa	.ék'júa	V;NFIN;finnish
hnbzzRmúCu	hnbzzRmúCujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
 üívčAhä	 üívčAhät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
Sűcfži	Sűcfžeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
nvKäóma	nvKäómat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
jűKnw'da	ei olisi jűKnw'tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
oúxđs g-óea	olen oúxđs g-óenut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
xlot a	xlot ojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Fjéõõáta	ei Fjéõõánne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
ŧrépla	ei ŧréplisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
bbwđkeFua	et bbwđkeFuut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
g's-óm bóla	g's-óm bótaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
íiÁ yt-Iioka	íiÁ yt-Iioan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
.-Ahdõta	olivat .-Ahdõnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
tméŋíárd,čn	tméŋíárd,čn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
žF..MäiMRps	žF..MäiMRps	N;NOM;SG;finnish
loSkű. öotaa	loSkű. öoramme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
šiälva	šiälvoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
r iFšŋuvy	r iFšŋuvyittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ŋŧ õgRtua	ŋŧ õgRduttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
áM-cõta	ei áM-cõse	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
'vž löa	ette 'vž löe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
yíđiés	yíđiés	N;NOM;SG;finnish
véÁtüšs	véÁtüšksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
daiéúŋa	olivat daiéúŋneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
-eAmxa	-eAmxissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
üKŋsűita	üKŋsűiamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
A-üj.onen	A-üj.oset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
üŧruSeIbti	üŧruSeIbeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
IFŧŋžjä	IFŧŋžjnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
đCwÁádóőóeua	et đCwÁádóőóeu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
eRny,Kxäüődä	olimme eRny,Kxäüőneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
píleI,ääo	píleI,ääona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
vüoíŋöő-Ri	vüoíŋöő-Rit	N;NOM;PL;finnish
Cűaíuä	et ole Cűaíunyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
y-pvmva	emme y-pvmvneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
öSRyőövpi	öSRyőövpein	N;INS;PL;finnish
uúCänAa	olit uúCänAnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
 .üpSi- ti	 .üpSi- nit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
aõ-üčjCa	älkää olko aõ-üčjCneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
äIMü Iŋa	äIMü Iŋitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
átéRovőä	emme olleet átéRovőeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
.SééÁM'CMua	eivät olleet .SééÁM'CMuneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
äríf a	äríf oja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
sb'noä	emme sb'none	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
šFŧú-hcu	šFŧú-hcuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
űgílnyúts	űgílnyútksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
íeõF,žkoas	íeõF,žkoaksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
AšäAéa	AšäAénemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
Axtuü'ŧzi	Axtuü'ŧzeillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
đeŧvđx da	en ollut đeŧvđx nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
.é.õõvŧüa	.é.õõvŧüan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
wgnCíhca	wgnCíhcat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
nöb tsa	olit nöb tsnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
au'MISms	au'MISmkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ok žz a	et ole ok žz nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
Iõ SRlüka	Iõ SRlüassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Mž'žöm- htää	Mž'žöm- hrettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
õűgčdsÁđa	en liene õűgčdsÁđnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
Á šry eä	eivät olleet Á šry eneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
'üúe hä	olette 'üúe heet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
xM aäMAáa	xM aäMAáat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
gőKöSótä	gőKöSónästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
,õjRRmda	,õjRRmn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
üSyčđuIs lähisukulaisten kesken	üSyčđuIdeksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
mrömíbta	mrömíbnnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
Mlgó,m daa	ei liene Mlgó,m dettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
äskCka	äskCkoilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
úődpŋubőa	ei ole úődpŋubőut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ožRüewóko	ožRüewóoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
piRxsi	piRxseinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
dvu önen	dvu östa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
űApičvé,rúä	űApičvé,rúisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
wíöuKhúuMštaa	wíöuKhúuMšdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
oež,uüáa	oež,uüáa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
AaIy,vKõMo	AaIy,vKõMoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
süűöbldu	süűöbldista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
gúd.ÁlMe	gúd.ÁlMteineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
fwéomöõtaa	fwéomöõettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
C löxđo	C löxđolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŧnühéRéőa	ŧnühéRéőoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
u-tévnen	u-tévsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
CIoöőbönéfa	lienette CIoöőbönéfneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
zyéeüÁi	zyéeüÁista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
 Fseõxatčüka	 Fseõxatčüat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ztxpaéža	ztxpaéžin	N;INS;PL;finnish
, uuóoa	, uuóooja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
pzč Klo	pzč Klon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
FIoplüsu	FIoplüsun	N;GEN;SG;finnish
lŋčFvhe nen	lŋčFvhe sella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
čkomóhé,r	čkomóhé,rille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Ibiieka	Ibiiealle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
éõuŋStSa	éõuŋStSasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
rweMetvđi a	rweMetvđi ilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
.KúdŋđFõda	.KúdŋđFõtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
cMf.wfüoűä	ei ole cMf.wfüoűnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
čt laŋoa	lienet čt laŋonut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
ŧ wfőbű  a	ŧ wfőbű  assa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Föícűti	Föícűnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ížyšénóčtua	ei ollut ížyšénóčduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
lj,h'ínta	olin lj,h'ínnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
đK sRMíMžo	đK sRMíMžoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
hcgövđréi	hcgövđréeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ó'äŋRáta	ó'äŋRáee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
FzKIűbfla	FzKIűbfkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Sőayíčda	ei Sőayíčne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
zéeŋ-päŋdda	zéeŋ-päŋdda	N;NOM;SG;finnish
sdfbúCRőto	sdfbúCRőtoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
éICúdSe	éICúdSeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
-óűyssp.ŋdika	-óűyssp.ŋdjalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ueÁMjta	et ollut ueÁMjnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
juäSőgao	juäSőgao	N;ACC;SG;finnish
čkbFőtRda	čkbFőtRdnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
mpfpdjúegpo	mpfpdjúegoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
mwSŧpnkFšti	mwSŧpnkFštia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
čnŧraä	eivät čnŧraisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
yvŋvlxi	yvŋvlxeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
'oe čFeMüi	'oe čFeMüit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
MCóušüI a	MCóušüI at	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ucfKüia	et ucfKüine	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
äfčőävdžži	äfčőävdžžeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ŋíbFznen	ŋíbFzsessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
rjytä.Rbo	rjytä.Rbolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
 cxeíáa	oli  cxeíátu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
vóidmFšđttta	ovat vóidmFšđttnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ón šžröűbat	ón šžröűbilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
gŧ'fő.ru	gŧ'fő.ruihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
fävyérnčMhi	fävyérnčMhin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
jgI.cSellä	ei jgI.cStele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
CűMeR a	CűMeR oille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
öőatMb-Ika	olkoon öőatMb-Ikut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Rdztmüdõtaa mieleensä	ei Rdztmüdõettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
S.xápžcc dö	S.xápžcc döinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
agpphxüvfűda	ei ollut agpphxüvfűtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
lwaéiáčSy	lwaéiáčSyä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ŧbwyočúIzÁs	ŧbwyočúIzÁsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
šIžxõli	šIžxõleilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
őkjbstd.da	olisimme őkjbstd.neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
aõőKŋcŋMSellä	aõőKŋcŋMStelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
yhébŋöčy Mtua	ei yhébŋöčy Mduta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
zđCId äe ä	zđCId äe net	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
SäúahrFnčba	SäúahrFnčbassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
conpftaa	conpfdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
obléSi	obléSissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
akérÁáöžKki	akérÁáöžKeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
oán đ,äwmi	oán đ,äwmeissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
-nÁpšp a	emme ole -nÁpšp neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
íšFktzas	íšFktzas	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ržyRb-v,da	eivät liene ržyRb-v,neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
äFžõMas	äFžõMkaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydäiáhüpí,i	käynemmeiáhüpí,i	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
RšRe'.a,i	RšRe'.a,i	N;NOM;SG;finnish
očRíArm'jra	on očRíArm'jrnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
hűŧví a	eivät olisi hűŧví neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
štiyőp	štiyőpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
đ-líúbéa	olkaamme đ-líúbéeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
űnúdgä	űnúdgänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
Aúpfüüku	Aúpfüüuille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
čFdétjtAm-a	en ole čFdétjtAm-nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŋÁtSintaa	ei ole ŋÁtSinettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
w,'-rdika	w,'-rdjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
yéRwđfMsspi	yéRwđfMssit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
CIúűúMänen	CIúűúMäsillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
,űőaőa	,űőaőa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
dčftmŧMrR.o	dčftmŧMrR.otta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
  z Füunen	  z Füusittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
haFđŧda	lienette haFđŧdneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
óztráta	emme olisi óztránneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
,žRlCÁ,ŋta	en olisi ,žRlCÁ,ŋtnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
guwüI'Kn	guwüI'Kmissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
jäõö'dcda	eivät ole jäõö'dcdeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
jd jõáíä	jd jõáíineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
 iotőnen	 iotősista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
obCíKfCõŋds	obCíKfCõŋdksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
öš,äábä	olkaamme öš,äábeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
.fMüRlhőgđa	.fMüRlhőgđaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
éšsgžli	éšsgžli	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ždéápü-Mttää	ždéápü-Mtdettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
unõ KCgka	unõ KCgoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Mdoŋbis	Mdoŋbiksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
jh gnä	ette ole jh gneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ššMđúdeSi	ššMđúdeSissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Kr fAöőnhia	Kr fAöőnhiaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
tpMpka	et ollut tpMpknut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
gwMöF éä	ole gwMöF ényt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
AdzóAŋöä	ei olisi AdzóAŋönyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
IöbxűKöo	IöbxűKöoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
üžöIőRe'nen	üžöIőRe'sten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
đ,éKčza	đ,éKčzaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
öbúfva	emme olleet öbúfvneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
üoz õ.twka	älkäämme olko üoz õ.twkneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
 áCkäõbi	 áCkäõbistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
gFtidtua	gFtiddu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
õRvKŋŧäIs	õRvKŋŧäIksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
mwtAäršó,õi	mwtAäršó,õia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
őíŧ,üeä	oli őíŧ,üenyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
nükCípšIvús	nükCípšIvúksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
-í,rúgõs	-í,rúgõksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
oSKősŋa	eivät oSKősŋneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
đ,töžRCCnen	đ,töžRCCsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
pd tiđeFíu	pd tiđeFíut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ááúÁímtä	ááúÁímnitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
bŋaõFSŧä let	bŋaõFSŧä liksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
žIvvCs	žIvvCkseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
h xöKru	h xöKrutta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
'ávSzva	emme olleet 'ávSzvneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
óšKá.nc-le	óšKá.nc-le	N;ACC;SG;finnish
 .wháta	olin  .whánnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
žűC pFu	žűC pFusta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
đácŧ,űči	đácŧ,űčien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Khd,v žáhdä	ei olisi Khd,v žáhty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
tjots ža	oli tjots žnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
úfSűénfčÁms	úfSűénfčÁmteen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
őõxčvócaä	őõxčvócanet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
A õóxlAŋyu	A õóxlAŋyu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
wMčícüőta	wMčícüőamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
Sóifúrtä	et ollut Sóifúrsyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
zCäümű-ŧSäla	zCäümű-ŧSätaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
eFézüä	en olisi eFézünyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
SčkíöSŋRä	SčkíöSŋRälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Mäoüzŋäüčka	Mäoüzŋäüčoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Sűŧ xbžyä	Sűŧ xbžyältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ezFÁpASčtaa	ezFÁpASčettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
.ÁyA kIcüti	.ÁyA kIcüein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ccdymhita	ei liene ccdymhisut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
íliaölfčéa	íliaölfčétakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
űb,,ü,u	űb,,ü,u	N;NOM;SG;finnish
xŋh äAíella	xŋh äAítelivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
iK c -ÁeíÁta	iK c -ÁeíÁlatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ŋmđmžbáyi	ŋmđmžbáyeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Seonpi	Seonpeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
sAäižxda	olet sAäižxdut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
KC agxji	KC agxjihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
guxw'óSsuxo	guxw'óSsuxoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
fzn Ske	fzn Sen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
uCCäŋűÁa	emme uCCäŋűÁneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ú'wőőo,det	ú'wőőo,ksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
wúuoöŋRčÁFä	wúuoöŋRčÁFkäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
fvCgŧda	olemme fvCgŧdneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ömah űcs	ömah űcalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
čízAõzKsa	čízAõzKsoita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
oknmdejzáä	oknmdejzáään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
uSSAiMőa	en ollut uSSAiMőut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
MüxžykdRFca	et liene MüxžykdRFcnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
ŧrjwőő'üuön	ŧrjwőő'üutömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
cAađčaMe.uti	cAađčaMe.ueille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
uŧcsCcúzőa	eivät uŧcsCcúzőneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
jtRüöK Sgéa	jtRüöK Sgékaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ódÁwűMyta	emme liene ódÁwűMynneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
fníFöto	fníFödolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
,xeašŋgFŧku	,xeašŋgFŧussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
gp.yv ca	emme olisi gp.yv cneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
ešöüFa	ešöüFoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
KAFő dFíha	KAFő dFíhkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
őjbiöe	őjbiöeet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
pMMäAä	olit pMMäAnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
l űnuwna	l űnuwnoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ah,iőKp liä	eivät olisi ah,iőKp lineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
ccžMádFö'ä	ccžMádFö'öille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
jéüõ'űckzFa	et ollut jéüõ'űckzFnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
öKawiÁs	öKawiÁksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ägšdbIpkö	ägšdbIpöillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
fõvxoRói	fõvxoRóeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
aóŋléäli	aóŋléälein	N;INS;PL;finnish
oó fbđőún a	lienemme oó fbđőún neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
rvj,fčŋtää	rvj,fčŋettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
C ugđáCa	emme liene C ugđáCneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
üáAFy'Mki	üáAFy'Meille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
őűŧAézn	őűŧAézmpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
 S-hMőđpi	 S-hMőđit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
.nwkoa	.nwkoalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
mrštrvi	mrštrveilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
üs nüá'i	üs nüá'illa	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ődčgü wSnti	ődčgü wSnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
nÁ-ÁüŋKi	nÁ-ÁüŋKien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
loúu.o	loúu.olle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
vzhõóŋvkeCnen	vzhõóŋvkeCseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
Mpxybvörŋnen	Mpxybvörŋsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
'II.wbrtaa	'II.wbrettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
ŧ.kígä	emme olisi ŧ.kígneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
soFvŧwšõdgda	soFvŧwšõdgkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
ŧ KMf 'óCóta	olit ŧ KMf 'óCónnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
ÁvecF.,i	ÁvecF.,eihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
jukAÁŋõõApo	jukAÁŋõõAot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
xI hIožufúa	älköön olko xI hIožufútu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
ySRsfáhŋba	ySRsfáhŋbkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
noASűio	noASűioksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
yá Iŋá,'ä	yá Iŋá,'isimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
űgIM ä	űgIM äksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
óIuíFčpi	óIuíFčpille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
aátAőIa	olisi aátAőItu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
plbđ,ä	älkää plbđ,kö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
,pžSŋFűxda	olin ,pžSŋFűxnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ö'C-ya.uylda	eivät olleet ö'C-ya.uylneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
MéíSIígas	MéíSIíkaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ŧhSőőampä	ŧhSőőamällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
 sšáAükŧi	 sšáAükŧia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
čuwsűjŧe	čuwsűjŧkeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
FIőébCsáeže	FIőébCsáežeena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
S-kvfcŧa	S-kvfcŧoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
wxmAMõŧ õčta	wxmAMõŧ õčnan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
n-h gAŋsa	olette n-h gAŋsneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
őgŧFmŧäá ä	ole őgŧFmŧäá nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ŋŧčücmbca	ŋŧčücmbcat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
űíínííõkvpki	űíínííõkvpit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Mcw,ömat	Mcw,öpiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
hõvbtaä	lienee hõvbtatty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
sMö-uzőÁkö	sMö-uzőÁöissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
wpmdrzčbvgtaa	ei wpmdrzčbvgnettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
í -jFa	ovat í -jFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
käéwš'žzMi	käéwš'žzMille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
šCčuácõsbä	oli šCčuácõsbnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
.topŋúúRnen	.topŋúúRset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ázFljmöűn	ázFljmöűmettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
f Seö tu	f Seö uksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
 cűwScmgKti	 cűwScmgKneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
vhSoi CuCa	ole vhSoi CuCnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
'tF.kCöi	'tF.kCöit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
éiRčón	éiRčómia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
őcACIf'i	őcACIf'ien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
 IvgÁldõida	ette  IvgÁldõi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
n azezyMse	n azezyMseisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
t,mSbyüwéo	t,mSbyüwéoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
jõFc MCRa	on jõFc MCRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
öőyózs	öőyózksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
wŧR-uo'Iti	wŧR-uo'Iitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
fáIftii	fáIftieilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
.jFáwínen	.jFáwísia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
üsŋ,úöpa	üsŋ,úöpoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
'gtõzrtaa	'gtõzrat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
t-CúAtia	älkää olko t-CúAtineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ööpASčhä	ööpASčhältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
So-Cúüpua	So-Cúüputtu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
üsõő ínen	üsõő ísissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
íúwšhfőta	en íúwšhfőtsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
az-ätícnü-a	az-ätícnü-aa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
nIőxAla	nIőxAtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
.thgfACna	en .thgfACnne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
gaŋhSőItä	gaŋhSőItien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdäly,Rf,Mi	ette olleet tehneetly,Rf,Mi	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
Fúčõžeda	olemme Fúčõženeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
rMoáeRlgfn	rMoáeRlgfneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
 zöbRö Áa	lienet  zöbRö Ánut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
szRiõä	szRiõä	V;NFIN;finnish
bšSüjMoa	ei bšSüjMonut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
Rtp-ualaa	Rtp-ualaa	V;NFIN;finnish
ÁáfCzja	emme ÁáfCzjisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
äö'éűknen	äö'éűkselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
 MMpúxlpä	 MMpúxlpä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ÁőzoFi	ÁőzoFiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
Racpžöha	olette Racpžöhneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
ijäSen	ijäSen	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
vIpdžcxMasu	vIpdžcxMasua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
oegävt-ocoti	oegävt-ocoein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ámKhđáoti	ámKhđáoteitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
bevAy.Iso	bevAy.Isona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
z hpfíó. Aa	ette olleet z hpfíó. Aneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ápóíäáđa	älä ole ápóíäáđut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ŋaubí'Mika	ŋaubí'Mjoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
jmójžzŋöo	jmójžzŋöotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
bókFel ä	emme bókFel neet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
.'tušpiSkfs	.'tušpiSkfksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
eucőió éko	eucőió éoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Füx-cAvMda	emme Füx-cAvMneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
dšAvp a	dšAvp ana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
xersáwysItää	xersáwysIit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
ž sF'š'g,ss	ž sF'š'g,sksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
güFŋjhpityä	güFŋjhpiyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
'éöSénđda	ei liene 'éöSénđtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
MÁl -ŋti	MÁl -ŋissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
õjsuÁta	ovat õjsuÁnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
Cđúoca	lienemme Cđúocneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
ŋChxõõSéűéa	ŋChxõõSéűéana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
jräiFpi	jräiFmalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
taüs übFä	taüs übFtty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
ŋrKwúš íoFa	en ŋrKwúš íoFnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŋwŋvyžcRú-ä	ŋwŋvyžcRú-ä	V;NFIN;finnish
šgévcIíAö,tä	šgévcIíAö,et	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
óvcKkvfõűda	eivät óvcKkvfõűsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
kmyŋnky	kmyŋnyltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
lMirđŧRövo	lMirđŧRövona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
ryknolf	ryknolfeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
k bžf,klnvi	k bžf,klnveineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ŋu nÁö	ŋu nÁöön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
sleűIi	sleűIein	N;INS;PL;finnish
-Mđdš CuIÁnen	-Mđdš CuIÁsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
IéRűIa	IéRűIkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
gčxlüa	gčxlüaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
đöbéfa	đöbéfoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
hši-Kč.hika	hši-Kč.hjalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
gröziM.epía	gröziM.epíalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
 täđuéín	 täđuéín	N;NOM;SG;finnish
k kf. l'''a	lienevät k kf. l'''neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
ŋÁRvŧ Ci	ŋÁRvŧ Ceiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
CRxujčRyos	CRxujčRyoksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
cRóčdsMÁÁfi	cRóčdsMÁÁfilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
čn Fšvta	älkäämme olko čn Fšvnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Cf.ŧÁdAtújää	eivät Cf.ŧÁdAtújä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
exó brÁáIFa	ei exó brÁáIFnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
MS,Igŧi	MS,Igŧiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
wzICđAžgmata	wzICđAžgmpasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
zéúlvšKä	et liene zéúlvšKyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
 Á cčüõF-yla	emme  Á cčüõF-yisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
žjfikaxõyFa	žjfikaxõyFttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
dwđú jth ä	dwđú jth käämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
gäõšydbrnen	gäõšydbrsen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
tjxnđa	älä ole tjxnđnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
.đx,ónen	.đx,ósten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
sŧzhgehnen	sŧzhgehsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
 dháko	 dháko	N;NOM;SG;finnish
íŋCóväuFa	olkoon íŋCóväuFnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Ápúöbaíta	Ápúöbaínalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ä. pbu	ä. pbulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
züjümÁRcaÁtaa	ei züjümÁRcaÁettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
'žpCűpi	'žpCűeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
KáCRóöhKÁia	KáCRóöhKÁiaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
lí-đíúõr s	lí-đíúõr s	N;ACC;SG;finnish
sn lSl-ícs	sn lSl-íctena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
okú-Áti	okú-Áin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
KIpArfa	älkäämme KIpArfko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
đfóFyM'tä	olin đfóFyM'nnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
úŋíKKüella	úŋíKKütelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
,uőusõwaiynen	,uőusõwaiysista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
RF päüŋhhrda	älkööt olko RF päüŋhhrneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
šgvglŋgön	šgvglŋgtöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
dõčMűIrídä	älköön olko dõčMűIrínyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
,űS'-e	,űS'-eiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ulbz Ášdbki	ulbz Ášdbeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
íšúfgna	olin íšúfgnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
lMđxvzkđde	lMđxvzkđteesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
č.RŧšMä	eivät č.RŧšMne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
eöAhöaa	on eöAhöettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
úMčhi'zŋtää	úMčhi'zŋetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
čvŋhŧ,a	čvŋhŧ,at	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
úbhwöyigto	úbhwöyigolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
útt-,jűa	útt-,jűassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
nbŋőéda	nbŋőékaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
 hč.žata	et  hč.žpaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
bđõkínlo	bđõkínloina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
wiivűlä	wiivűisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
zi-Coűsa	zi-Coűsilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
gűžKäáia őta	en olisi gűžKäáia őnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ydsjvölx'a	olimme ydsjvölx'neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
õCüüvfríSea	olisit õCüüvfríSeut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
RaxénšÁK tä	en RaxénšÁK ä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ážőMceMtunta	ei olisi ážőMceMtunnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
.óruvKöđa	.óruvKöđaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
küRzCFínen	küRzCFíselle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
,cäđdűŋnči	,cäđdűŋnči	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
díűžóáoüea	díűžóáoüeaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
j,Cxppo	j,Cxpoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
šIzű Mrki	šIzű Mrgin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
éúywMjIi	éúywMjIeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
č.Ióŧweda	ei olisi č.Ióŧwetu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
ibš'gFa	ibš'gFttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
'aCSábna	älkäämme 'aCSábnko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
wMžyAFIa	ette wMžyAFIneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
RmAdSda	lienette RmAdSneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
rézlwzukiä	rézlwzuin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ó űSÁ-wa	emme olleet ó űSÁ-weet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
Rfvytida	ette Rfvyti	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
guSÁ,d üzča	guSÁ,d üzčatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
 I-cíApi	 I-cíAissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
hxkbRhú,i	hxkbRhú,esta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
 A KkRŧnäa	emme ole  A KkRŧnäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
äéMgpűä	älkööt äéMgpűkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
CížCü šua	ei CížCü šu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
õRíCŧa	älkää olko õRíCŧneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Rk'busa	älkää Rk'busko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ŧčvŋFđčde	ŧčvŋFđčtein	N;INS;PL;finnish
zähyfs	zähyfksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
w C,hnxi	w C,hnxillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ážhdŧűv -u	ážhdŧűv -uista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
žúg,öSáäMä	älkää olko žúg,öSáäMneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
IyűröčC''nen	IyűröčC''sten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
vhRyfű' ne	vhRyfű' ne	N;ACC;SG;finnish
,úüčđki	,úüčđeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
šmeKedä	eivät šmeKesi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
čđá čőzca	älkäämme olko čđá čőzceet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ízőűáAcšca	ízőűáAcšckoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
diMnÁŋõlnä	diMnÁŋõlnällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
fáműnrda	fáműnrvat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
m-bžtÁžeõi	m-bžtÁžeõissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
đzhúxxköüua	đzhúxxköüusitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
Ih,ö áúoxi	Ih,ö áúoxien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
-f'aRóőcšnpi	-f'aRóőcšnman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
,bdcjta	eivät liene ,bdcjnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
yxaIAti	yxaIAit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
fguččltä	olitte fguččlnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
gttáFsuđAxs	gttáFsuđAxksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
cv,đjžpa	cv,đjžpille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
úüőúFáä	úüőúFáä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
n vFűReF.a	n vFűReF.a	N;NOM;SG;finnish
'Küőé,n	'Küőé,mmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
tn-učMŋttas	tn-učMŋttakselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Cfmŋypyi	Cfmŋypyeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
tfCbi éa	tfCbi éoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
kdčšőüdda	olisi kdčšőüdnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
üõoiõja	üõoiõjaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
zvlüa,őõžúda	älköön zvlüa,őõžúko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
füígúyä,Sa	en füígúyä,Snut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
öwjmŋuSSőói	öwjmŋuSSőóinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
dmbm FRjltua	dmbm FRjlduttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
e-von-j-Rn	e-von-j-Rn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
Aóp ptää	Aóp pän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
-zíuv,lta	en olisi -zíuv,lnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
šfsÁt-.tSSu	šfsÁt-.tSSuun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
A tűóhda	ei ole A tűóhnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
áSbRSúSí Fa	áSbRSúSí Fat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kcyofőFía	olisi kcyofőFínut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
íŧdRvhöű ós	íŧdRvhöű óksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
aéMskšócFto	aéMskšócFnoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
šwwxéi	šwwxéit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
íÁxazjngni	íÁxazjngnein	N;INS;PL;finnish
gAbyyšha	gAbyyšhoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
jf m,úxwRtaa	on jf m,úxwRnettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
  äzíSušRa	ei olisi   äzíSušRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
ŋäól-aa	olen ŋäól-anut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
nk Á,KewFnen	nk Á,KewFsesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
žsKtöái	žsKtöái	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ndüfezüejä	lienevät ndüfezüejeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
ShÁđFéjFú ti	ShÁđFéjFú issä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
oó,baFn	oó,baFn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
.übcua	.übcuatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Rr ffážačgdä	olkaa Rr ffážačgneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
feIkwKüda	olisi feIkwKünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
nŋžđRŋta	ei nŋžđRŋsut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
väMÁõAítta	väMÁõAítroissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
õčúyxkššáa	eivät olisi õčúyxkššáneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
íÁŧtluö	íÁŧtluöjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
bíášAtua	bíášAdutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
aSt üa	olisi aSt üttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
Rštälvóőtua	Rštälvóőnun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
čRcRÁčCyi	čRcRÁčCyien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
dAz,yizMga	dAz,yizMgassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ámpKšAä	ámpKšAässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Funmwki	Funmwgein	N;INS;PL;finnish
 -űwčknen	 -űwčksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋuldna	ei ŋuldnttu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
jÁC jõä	jÁC jõältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Svŧŋ,Múnxa	ette Svŧŋ,Múnxisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
őpFMpŧm'Aúi	őpFMpŧm'Aúilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
g'osõyäi	g'osõyäien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
-hđöblju	-hđöbljuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
lmR,öa	lmR,öat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
iúIé,ä	iúIé,ät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
SíkfežRe'i	SíkfežRe'ein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
CgrMia	CgrMiiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
KlAšúhčKKSa	et olisi KlAšúhčKKSnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
ŧÁlú-č a	emme ŧÁlú-č ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
fSwužyö	fSwužöiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
žŋemŋwcrčCa	olkoon žŋemŋwcrčCnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
zjöiíCgžfta	zjöiíCgžfnnee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
žűõ,myúj'da	žűõ,myúj'mme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
óAéb yÁdp a	olin óAéb yÁdp nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
úsF-FMCSRa	on úsF-FMCSRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
háAűőŋtä	háAűőŋsevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
SIúydtyä	SIúydnyttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
pyoy-Sőá a	ette pyoy-Sőá e	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
üamšSóKóa	üamšSóKóat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ihpyída	olisimme ihpyíneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
íi'õ-ptää	ei íi'õ-petä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
äulúéFfs	äulúéFfksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
űäk,š šs	űäk,š šsta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ŋKlAíÁguse	ŋKlAíÁguskeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
RÁ,KlmöŋFi	RÁ,KlmöŋFeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
üjFöyla	üjFöytava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
,űgamáuSsäa	,űgamáuSsäat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
pm.,humwja	pm.,humwjalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
fFšfkAtaa	älköön olko fFšfkAettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
Kö,ásõofp'o	Kö,ásõofp'oon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
,ŋfúđl-ca	,ŋfúđl-coista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
čđ niFréo	čđ niFréoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
sbtfä,exetä	sbtfä,exkenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
lõő,fpa	lõő,fpalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
aéő.ót'ta	älköön aéő.ót'ttako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
IÁwo Fŋä	IÁwo Fŋöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
,oáaSčöe	,oáaSčöeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
uAÁčAošArnnen	uAÁčAošArnsesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
žü,ec éđvSä	emme žü,ec éđvSeet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
noúKn-gRf,i	noúKn-gRf,eilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
šmIđeogőmö	šmIđeogőmössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädä,Áaj,i	lienevät jääneet,Áaj,i	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
jefzCää	ei liene jefzCetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
.Kűy.mvrla	on .Kűy.mvrtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
óÁđäšőghđta	óÁđäšőghđnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
õSoaš.žaÁta	olin õSoaš.žaÁnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
tAŋbxa	et tAŋbxne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
Rű pc i	Rű pc in	N;GEN;SG;finnish
uéxeaüs	uéxeaütena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
'žgížti	'žgížteistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
kjÁcőŋđúa	kjÁcőŋđúoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
 l ž eRbAoä	et ollut  l ž eRbAonyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
gClCäd ntä	emme olleet gClCäd nnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
stššcđó.zta	älkää olko stššcđó.znneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ä-péCa	olkoon ä-péCnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
KA Aú ut i	KA Aú ut eiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
õóÁ'hza	õóÁ'hzina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
xkzú,KSMída	xkzú,KSMíkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ádcőbtcoä	ádcőbtcoiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
óK-edAku	óK-edAuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Ádóŋ-đtaa	Ádóŋ-đimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
zIMK,écžnen	zIMK,écžsille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
FčF'pK a	emme FčF'pK ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
eŧáókIŧa	eŧáókIŧoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
é'CKštas	é'CKštkaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
Apŧŧn đä	olkoon Apŧŧn đnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
eeŧšhur'fénen	eeŧšhur'fésina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
uuűđrdŧóčdn	uuűđrdŧóčdn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
rKMykgti	rKMykgneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
đf gAuÁ-nen	đf gAuÁ-siksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
wžäőra	wžäőrisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
oIđbiki	oIđbiki	N;ACC;SG;finnish
z-đslvűža	z-đslvűžoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
kŧao-ÁÁä	ette liene kŧao-ÁÁeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
K,űMRnIR.űka	K,űMRnIR.űat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
fIrI .nen	fIrI .sissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
töõđ.Fűlwfa	töõđ.Fűlwfttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
Kŧá kmsAä	olin Kŧá kmsAnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
 ŧeMi ŧnen	 ŧeMi ŧsina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
đáákrdpi	đáákrdmissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
uŋctKfR,úíä	en uŋctKfR,úíisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
o,ű,..öóa	en liene o,ű,..öónut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
.úŋočzmlčä	.úŋočzmlčän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
õ-caKön	õ-caKtömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
 nõgŧsSőrtaa	eivät  nõgŧsSőra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
KC,rÁ éa	KC,rÁ éisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
éÁ,f. ,,-i	éÁ,f. ,,-inä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
yybIevnžxa	yybIevnžxisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
úeíäeüa	úeíäeüoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
žFŋrúCKa	žFŋrúCKatta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
imgccä	imgccällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
czuaú o	czuaú oilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ŧüeüwoSa	ŧüeüwoSoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
'rgCžaja	'rgCžajvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
sösšwža	sösšwžista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
'őőhŋIdSo	'őőhŋIdSoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
g.óSteófMúo	g.óSteófMúo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
b IRba	olivat b IRbneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
t ŧerta	olimme t ŧernneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŋtŋKŧ,dhdä	ŋtŋKŧ,dhnevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
'óRšičAjM-a	'óRšičAjM-takoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
Fdaŧ',áxö	Fdaŧ',áxöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
txhvwF smo	txhvwF smoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
omw  őta	omw  őralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Ánuužnen	Ánuužsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ézyíváä	ézyíváä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
KöcűoRRiõin	KöcűoRRiõtimilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
 S,FygFSnen	 S,FygFSset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
 ofxycéa	ei  ofxycétaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
ffsőč i	ffsőč ia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ydõvč a	ydõvč ilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
yiimžtCet	yiimžtCineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
yü,Áoyátä	ei ollut yü,Áoyánnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
Ksđ űäú'äs	Ksđ űäú'käillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
'tükI'lMIža	'tükI'lMIžalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
pj'Rikiä'lä	ei ollut pj'Rikiä'ty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
FM,fwíRepzs	FM,fwíRepzksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
KwFđCéda	älkää olko KwFđCéneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
RCCRKíbtyä	RCCRKíblyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
Á,vdkuCxo	Á,vdkuCxoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
t.SÁRi	t.SÁReitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ző óge ta	ei ző óge nnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
 uđšéžMei	 uđšéžMeein	N;INS;PL;finnish
whCõpAogIdtyä	on whCõpAogIdrytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
vi.íšűŧ.e	vi.íšűŧ.ein	N;INS;PL;finnish
 sú-éü'lűn	 sú-éü'lűmmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
-FÁščŧjóea	-FÁščŧjóeiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
žyöyá.C-upa	ole žyöyá.C-upnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
úŧö.b  -szä	úŧö.b  -sznemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
kšsrs znen	kšsrs zset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
đjM-'z,pi	đjM-'z,maksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
 'y AoÁda	en  'y AoÁne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
tRcő j 'fta	tRcő j 'fnnevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
csűCvhs	csűCvhksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
xšóčmkbáa	eivät olleet xšóčmkbáneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
uíűóŧl.súía	uíűóŧl.súíoihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
zküsáüo	zküsáüoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ŋšifúon	ŋšifútomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Aoíáywdtua	älä Aoíáywddu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
jxCmfuäša	lienen jxCmfuäšnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
ÁMCslwj,xi	ÁMCslwj,xia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
SčicMju	SčicMjuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
čúAbšpRevlä	älköön olko čúAbšpRevty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
',öA-Cxä	olen ',öA-Cxnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
,wúxKvtRktaa	ei ole ,wúxKvtRkettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
StAb,búđúus	StAb,búđúuksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
fšahbxika	fšahbxjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
õ úc.ata	en õ úc.kaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ŧroížkwzóie	ŧroížkwzóieelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Cpjbta	lienette Cpjbtneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
ŧóf žtaa	ei ole ŧóf ždettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
óyrenxs	óyrenxksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
I.üžmpinen	I.üžmpisiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
lúđkáimí'ta	en ollut lúđkáimí'nnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
AsCwõ'ácatää	ei liene AsCwõ'ácaetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
űnčbđä	olkaamme űnčbđeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
nmogõ Fei	nmogõ Feina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
éujRáa čnen	éujRáa čsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
bvojFRórjCa	älä ole bvojFRórjCnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
éMrŧMsüčAa	éMrŧMsüčAitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
űaúMú'äa	űaúMú'äaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
č-gčCđtä	en olisi č-gčCđnnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
bRllõ,lä	bRllõ,i	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
rÁMMgóx.bvä	en liene rÁMMgóx.bvnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
yuSáéhRtetää	lienee yuSáéhRteetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
äzõőröi	äzõőröeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
dŋõnbbAóghne	dŋõnbbAóghteen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ögŧpämái	ögŧpämáenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
A-dx' SKs	A-dx' SKksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Anjgüvščxe	Anjgüvščxeet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
eõywúa	eõywútiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
 .ű,-őžä	 .ű,-őžillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
RébókŧCoi	RébókŧCoia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
Á'fgpvAoč-i	Á'fgpvAoč-in	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ópecCF u	ópecCF uineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
eđhtzta	eđhtzatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
űcuSžss	űcuSžss	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ečlzõÁjÁta	olimme ečlzõÁjÁseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
,ücŋSáöácCto	,ücŋSáöácCoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
vMhšb biúi	vMhšb biúillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
éSiczezÁaa	oli éSiczezÁettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
äxstáÁeaRda	olkoon äxstáÁeaRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
kšggőđróda	kšggőđróditta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
byđvŋÁCígda	en byđvŋÁCígsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
drõt-ÁMata	drõt-ÁMtaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ŋaž-Sđynŋa	olitte ŋaž-Sđynŋneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
Kdódtr.-s	Kdódtr.-s	N;ACC;SG;finnish
.'Rõ õgda	ei liene .'Rõ õgtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
Áöräúa	eivät liene Áöräúneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
kŧ líö	kŧ líöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
cKbfíöKyhto	cKbfíöKyhoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
 fčš-nen	 fčš-sine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
äKfaüguta	en liene äKfaügunnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
íMRypmzckm	íMRypmzckmiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
tlóeohxőŋta	älkäämme tlóeohxőŋko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
éz. ja	en liene éz. jnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
RjíFxõrMf a	RjíFxõrMf ana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
žkŧ-ämhi	žkŧ-ämheitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
zárlxwata	zárlxwtaisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
rvdjŧrCctaa	oli rvdjŧrCcettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
uahxŋ.Cevco	uahxŋ.Cevcot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
cSŧhŋüthhRs	cSŧhŋüthhRksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
SšűsS.ŋ-ú'i	SšűsS.ŋ-ú'ista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
äfnčgcti	äfnčgceissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
,tbáreč öö	,tbáreč öössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
öa zMóvo	öa zMóvo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ŧőröK,Ctä	emme ŧőröK,Cseet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
űníswážtfa	űníswážtfkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
őúäSMata	őúäSMkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
Kbđúmráuäi	Kbđúmráuäeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
őŋüdšpi	őŋüdšpittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
séõčjžä-Aä	on séõčjžä-Anyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ákzvčKŧõpä	ákzvčKŧõästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ÁöCaK'cä	ei ÁöCaK'cnyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
 -RMtáéMuäta	 -RMtáéMuäaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
vRp'zšaIáaa	ei ollut vRp'zšaIáettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
FšAdCtpo	FšAdCtossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
umIudä	umIudöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
KSRkbota	olisimme KSRkbonneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
đIáéS, a	đIáéS, nen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
Cofe'ri	Cofe'rien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
sKŧpIda	olisimme sKŧpIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
Fr CMžíecam	Fr CMžíecamiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
gAtmós	gAtmóksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
Rlé.zSéa	Rlé.zSén	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
x.ügep-űómä	olisi x.ügep-űómnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
tywpőe	tywpően	N;GEN;SG;finnish
dbűmgŋKbtaa	älköön olko dbűmgŋKbrettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
ó,mčI,,hda	ó,mčI,,hdissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
  ííIžMnen	  ííIžMsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
äKKnäpčCta	ei olisi äKKnäpčCnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
teäööcíŋčhi	teäööcíŋčheja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
K-C-ođrwía	K-C-ođrwíaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
C őkäáúi	C őkäáúista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
cwaR 'a	cwaR 'i	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
õrhöáksš,.i	õrhöáksš,.etta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
čášhCđ,íieda	ei čášhCđ,íienut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
teö hwon	teö hwtomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
jibbn őÁca	emme liene jibbn őÁcneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
. -aúrõáMi	. -aúrõáMein	N;INS;PL;finnish
Aü'äŧčci	Aü'äŧčci	N;ACC;SG;finnish
pd,aruäu	pd,aruäuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
Cmfog j.s	Cmfog j.deltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
öŋóMiifRCa	lienen öŋóMiifRCut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
bčáRsía	olkoon bčáRsínut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ÁAbcőÁi	ÁAbcőÁilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
,čŧÁslóđxúda	eivät olisi ,čŧÁslóđxúneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
fMbäeúŧóa	olemme fMbäeúŧóneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
-m-hMŋtžms	-m-hMŋtžmksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Mnrbäjúdóta	eivät olleet Mnrbäjúdóseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
pcđéäAóíja	pcđéäAóíja	N;NOM;SG;finnish
eÁISürFka	eÁISürFatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
hk xje	hk xjkeitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Fíičdi	Fíičdia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
zajÁMrAnspi	zajÁMrAnsilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
õägisü ä	en õägisü nyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
nAjađo	nAjađoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
 'óőlFa	oli  'óőlFnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
aäkäpidnä	aäkäpidnvä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
AStrigõä	AStrigõisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
íűžhlztaa	ei íűžhlzettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
tpmráä	tpmráiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
 ópttF t-i	 ópttF t-ien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
óAoyuda	ette liene óAoyuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
z- p i	z- p eineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
äŧcCua	äŧcCuisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
Fšäűkta	ette Fšäűka	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
jgoxaä	jgoxaään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
đtnhuõtõđä	ette liene đtnhuõtõđneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
úšõ.-Ruxnen	úšõ.-Ruxsiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
eŋíúöwxaCfe	eŋíúöwxaCfteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ttsIááŧde	ttsIááŧteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
š,sčoöyüMa	š,sčoöyüMalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
éKõnMspűä	ei olisi éKõnMspűtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
ŋákyžžébéa	en liene ŋákyžžébénut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
ivdbzxuíbs	ivdbzxuíbkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
gŧFfi-uÁ.s	gŧFfi-uÁ.ksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Slpuű,lőta	Slpuű,lőnisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
áSeKüxtaa	áSeKüxettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
ívüÁKMšozga	olkoon ívüÁKMšozgtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
šbföűxžR mä	älköön šbföűxžR mttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaaRűAõ.yópzi	olet antanutRűAõ.yópzi	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
đMccC ta	đMccC isitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
ääMzFoüđä ka	ääMzFoüđä iksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
MäAFŋbi	MäAFŋbeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
knõvKRšžsit	knõvKRšžseilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
gCmfIta	olen gCmfInnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŋgűx Mjáus	ŋgűx Mjáudetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
včöyoäpŧts	včöyoäpŧtksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
õxuIkwür s	õxuIkwür s	N;NOM;SG;finnish
zFčüAőptmi	zFčüAőptmeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
öRúápoödRga	ei öRúápoödRgnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
č,érMi	č,érMin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
SuKKŋ.péčka	SuKKŋ.péčalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
dyđbvvä	olisimme dyđbvvneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
đúdáõčei	đúdáõčeiksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
šlüäö.ős	šlüäö.őhittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
wpsFcuCä	wpsFcuCä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
omckča	emme ole omckčeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
í,éSI.sgläta	í,éSI.sglänoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
wűčcmk Ái	wűčcmk Áinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
óö-osčFíán	óö-osčFíámpien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
A.éafbíMta	älkää olko A.éafbíMnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
wšžCálMRnen	wšžCálMRselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
fS,f mÁä	ole fS,f mÁnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
dlŋSz o,wöä	dlŋSz o,wöä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
kSšvuizä	kSšvuizin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
-xRéđCKxõnen	-xRéđCKxõsta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
wélw'Rői	wélw'Rőeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
R Áx-píüs	R Áx-píüksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
 ŋlžäM.Síűa	en ole  ŋlžäM.Síűnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytää'MFbedsíÁgi	ei ollut pyydetty'MFbedsíÁgi	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
óŋbŋűso	óŋbŋűsossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
gKhűöCko	gKhűöCoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
Ábcäíú-i	Ábcäíú-ein	N;INS;PL;finnish
béKšKtää	et béKšKä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
káyR žCa	lienee káyR žCut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
CwõFgvpahkiä	emme CwõFgvpahi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
zgfömdasryä	zgfömdasryty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
í nöaužnli	í nöaužnlista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
bd-Isőézo	bd-Isőézolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
'MFzžfbŧMama	'MFzžfbŧMasin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
 Kogrüam	 Kogrüami	N;PRT;SG;estonian
KxxiuuúSnam	KxxiuuúSnami	N;GEN;SG;estonian
góešškcúma	góešškcúsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ŧvxcčklACkama	olgu ŧvxcčklACatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
nCó-voífjfm	nCó-voífjfmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
bő žđnea	bő žđneades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
iCŧIŋCõca	iCŧIŋCõca	V;NFIN;estonian
üAläxwwa	üAläxwwates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
'jŧh fSähe	'jŧh fSähed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
SlőjŋCm	SlőjŋCmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
upčÁäzcÁpmma	ärgu olgu upčÁäzcÁpmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ötÁCüdlma	ei ötÁCüdltud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
őü vl.pne	őü vl.pstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
öchcűztker	öchcűztkril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
 -üewCxöfüma	 -üewCxöfüame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
úcjäFne	úcjäFseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
büvõSma	büvõSsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
t-äüűMeúčr	t-äüűMeúčris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ndáRwkmós	ndáRwkmós	N;NOM;SG;estonian
áäScima	áäScitud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
Aáűašõz.šlv	Aáűašõz.šlvana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
č'mAõäéõa	č'mAõäéõas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
a-Ao kzier	a-Ao kzirisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
õdürjama	ära õdürja	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
oFoáólös	oFoáólöstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ŧóxšjlíma	ei olnud ŧóxšjlítudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
nRxdmRg,a	nRxdmRg,ateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
föRóõéím	föRóõéímdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
õdrC,ma	õdrC,ti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
uákdR-hibma	uákdR-hibtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
rüäFü'fzáu	rüäFü'fzáus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
đíwbsMSg dma	ärgu đíwbsMSg dku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
pašóđma	oli pašóđdud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
r.'su-s	r.'su-steni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
aofMIba	aofMIbale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
Röčhhöúe	Röčhhöúedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
bS Ázema	oleksid bS Áznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
,eävürt čdama	,eävürt čnaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
RicRz ŋ -s	RicRz ŋ -st	N;PRT;SG;estonian
'rõúhÁžóžen	'rõúhÁžóžnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
cõlrgjCün	cõlrgjCünid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
šwKkŧn	šwKkŧnasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kíđđyčoFöv	kíđđyčoFövasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
äéöxäŋfCm	äéöxäŋfCmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
rw'Kusŧíma	ei rw'Kusŧívat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
óäp-đmtCošu	óäp-đmtCošutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Kafõčls	Kafõčlred	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ü hót-ma	ü hót-dav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
asíuöSjóúIn	asíuöSjóúInile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
šäIvõtAđrKe	šäIvõtAđrKe	N;GEN;SG;estonian
,š-õm'ma	,š-õm'b	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
õzójwóőŧma	õzójwóőŧtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
võžcFMnúéma	võžcFMnúéa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ŧűđMIcma	ŧűđMIcksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
léűsűxáCžma	ärgem léűsűxáCžkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
žAhhjg,ur	žAhhjg,urini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
őpuaÁöC ma	őpuaÁöC takse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
kóc',IvAMAa	kóc',IvAMAana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
adtŧuv	adtŧuvatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ádo jzIyzttma	ádo jzIyztdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
vk,,än	vk,,änite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
téoFÁžäúne	téoFÁžäúsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
KMSIžžs	KMSIžžseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ŧFuáFűöőma	ŧFuáFűöőad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
đd,žnčđRččma	đd,žnčđRččksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
-AmSŋk	-AmSŋkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
AíKóűcw-žma	ei olnud AíKóűcw-žetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
'Kŋöe-ma	'Kŋöe-sid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
 Aáfi,rrma	olevat  Aáfi,rrtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
axAđpbuüs	axAđpbuüstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
úgočogbma	on úgočogbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
 ícpz úma	ei olevat  ícpz únudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
póaüÁmpama	póaüÁmaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ííÁ'x Ss	ííÁ'x Sstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
íüu.iemu	íüu.iemuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ő'zrőšln'yr	ő'zrőšln'yrid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
kmKwKmwFíma	oli kmKwKmwFínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
xcűv-ššma	xcűv-ššksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
tőgjáõčMl k	tőgjáõčMl ku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
kFőŧõmoŋfRa	kFőŧõmoŋfRe	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
đđ.Mčžk	đđ.Mčžkutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
iw.khŧőa	iw.khŧőatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
bÁ SáAma	bÁ SáAeksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
uxll-As	uxll-Asele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
v- mgcne	v- mgcseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ive.g. bšr	ive.g. bšri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
.öt.ÁÁMú Adma	ei olevat .öt.ÁÁMú Aretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
á,Igpvđõ-u	á,Igpvđõ-u	N;ACC;SG;estonian
óõobthor	óõobthoriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
 éMí. ma	 éMí. aksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
däh-sv	däh-svad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
u.,jtms	u.,jtmsena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
,šúŧFmu	,šúŧFmuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
mluMCdxám	mluMCdxámdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
CđápF s	CđápF s	N;NOM;SG;estonian
,ä.õ-ŋ,.yma	,ä.õ-ŋ,.ytagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
MvíSzs	MvíSzga	N;COM;SG;estonian
p á,üFma	olite p á,üFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
züó'xma	olin züó'xnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
õžMrűiöűKÁma	ei õžMrűiöűKÁtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
üvíS.róéõnma	üvíS.róéõntaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
žt üóvemšFma	oleksime žt üóvemšFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
éöfwucyKŧea	éöfwucyKŧeas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
KbpjčvCöma	olin KbpjčvCönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
a,đjÁőú.pűe	a,đjÁőú.pűedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
árvAút	árvAútuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
FcéŧčMAma	FcéŧčMAks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
näFwoer	näFworitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
üCéxbőma	oli üCéxbőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
üFAűgizfk	üFAűgizfkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
cza-tFi	cza-tFi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
zF-wáš.ma	zF-wáš.site	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ađAtema	on ađAtetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
tzkús. zma	tzkús. zksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
ö'  Cođner	ö'  Cođdrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
rŋnuaiopou	rŋnuaiopoudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
-Múyüma	ei -Múyüvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
.CKmfézõctu	.CKmfézõctuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
 šif'őma	 šif'őan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
zmRiIúÁíöu	zmRiIúÁíöuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ušžlpma	ušžlpsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
,gmMÁoípkne	,gmMÁoípksega	N;COM;SG;estonian
lő ämžáõek	lő ämžáõekut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
žtáfÁkama	oleme žtáfÁanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Fh,yzdjpxis	Fh,yzdjpxistest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
iA -wör	iA -wöriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
Iđő.nCa	Iđő.nCa	N;PRT;SG;estonian
énlš,áru	énlš,áruks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŋaeáűrel	ŋaeáűrlatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
yz äčama	ära yz äča	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
 w'Sivža	 w'Sivža	V;NFIN;estonian
  jzivk	  jzivku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
zäuúoIgõfma	ärgu zäuúoIgõfku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
űmápfd ŋtma	ei űmápfd ŋa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
znanaRvd	znanaRvdast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
äÁfIöMma	äÁfIöMgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
avéžő.v ma	olete avéžő.v nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
poá,'šma	ei poá,'štud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
šõŧípú zmma	oleksid šõŧípú zmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ä Mŧeõma	ärgu ä Mŧeõgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
gžlsüífma	gžlsüífnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
ŋyíüoáŧŋžŋma	ŋyíüoáŧŋžŋks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
Ktné-Sŋr	Ktné-Sŋrita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
kdíáűnšma	olid kdíáűnšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
pŧílcvitRma	ei olevat pŧílcvitRnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
pöd,áír	pöd,áírtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
úbfáMdkMõs	úbfáMdkMõks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Sybbđŧžgema	Sybbđŧžete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
.önírhfma	.önírhftud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
ópvč-ma	ópvč-ksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
,túbzxke	,túbzxketel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
üFFőeúma	üFFőeúvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
KM,üõFl	KM,üõFlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ööé äfáma	oleme ööé äfánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ežläžkđK đs	ežläžkđK đsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
CŧüIdma	CŧüIdtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
dđ',Fí gm	dđ',Fí gmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
žjžórn	žjžórnites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
jjh lrInm	jjh lrInmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
'Rgč.ŋu	'Rgč.ŋuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
äRCŧ ma	ei olnud äRCŧ nudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
žheđűs	žheđűsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ső-šđurm	ső-šđurmitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
,đoyčkima	,đoyčgiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
Caő,yüne	Caő,yüsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
öéiohiu	öéiohiuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
suih-üõMi	ih-üõMoega	N;COM;SG;estonian
ŧyhAjčMm	ŧyhAjčMmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
yiSfmfíhs	yiSfmfíhst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
bAybõlma	olin bAybõlnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ySM-ofs	ySM-oft	N;PRT;SG;estonian
FbnA'ma	FbnA'vad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
xáhAőõagf u	xáhAőõagf uid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
,dűí,r	,dűí,ritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
óÁsdaxu	óÁsdaxudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ríeFčäKma	ärgu olgu ríeFčäKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
jIiéMRőáđr	jIiéMRőáđrdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
kŋlóKõsoor	kŋlóKõsooriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
uÁgFüütma	ei uÁgFüütvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
óSaő AuMúav	óSaő AuMúavas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
yú'űpne	yú'űpstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Clšö fpma	Clšö fpev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
,fjyöFcäõma	ärgu olgu ,fjyöFcäõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
KlRbõ.m	KlRbõ.miks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
uózÁCúŋl	uózÁCúŋlid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ožéh'čs	ožéh'čse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
S K koõuxma	olete S K koõuxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
äŋäAtnan	äŋäAtnanast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
agđäSrb,ama	ärgu ogđäSrb,u alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
ő.xjKÁük	ő.xjKÁükuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ignrúorčm	ignrúorčmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
yfiy-rxr	yfiy-rxrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ŋű-ŋó'ma	olin ŋű-ŋó'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
i vseíne	i vseísega	N;COM;SG;estonian
pátfsff rfk	pátfsff rfkuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
zxük-j,űűma	ei ole zxük-j,űűtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
püglp.őžävma	olevat püglp.őžävtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ŧmiöM.vđima	ŧmiöM.vđiv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
'',đfMmyŧfdama	'',đfMmyŧfjatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
AtIbsSŋws	AtIbsSŋwselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
IűukMwŋs	IűukMwŋstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
lMáŧiFma	lMáŧiFksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ihzdnü,vo	ihzdnü,vole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
AFkbhűs	AFkbhűs	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
,nčpFŋxma	,nčpFŋxs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
pđšíyma	ei olevat pđšíytudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
žueÁrma	ei olnud žueÁrnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
 úoŋMpéwrgma	 úoŋMpéwrgvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
FónúKbđg-r	FónúKbđg-r	N;NOM;SG;estonian
hR.űü MúSfkima	ei oleks hR.űü MúSfitudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŋmmegba	ŋmmegba	N;NOM;SG;estonian
x Couar	x Courast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
daAmbvaer	daAmbvarite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Céaŧdšozpi	Céaŧdšozpi	N;NOM;SG;estonian
žhlwtyäbőma	žhlwtyäbőgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
lnyapl'üõóama	ära lnyapl'üõóa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
é zÁcsu	é zÁcsudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
tnägséMder	tnägséMdrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
űuIšSom	űuIšSomdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
či.učkžruma	oled či.učkžrunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
äKFh'ečočma	ei ole äKFh'ečočtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ežCáKcíma	ärgu ežCáKcígu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
 sz-fžöAéőma	ei olnud  sz-fžöAéőtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
Aóšŧot	Aóšŧotuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
wÁíIävál	wÁíIäválatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
tüdÁeAúogma	on tüdÁeAúognud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
gAíčág,yöms	gAíčág,yömstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
zođőšíma	zođőšínud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
RűgMxub- äma	RűgMxub- id	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
wwcIlju	wwcIljudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
őpev. ma	on őpev. nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
zIb.oóŋŧóma	zIb.oóŋŧósid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
űőMŋ 'ÁšRvtma	ärgu olgu űőMŋ 'ÁšRvdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
.húhúŋki	.húhúŋkiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
š'váes	š'váest	N;PRT;SG;estonian
R KyKxI'őu	R KyKxI'őult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
đűÁäube	đűÁäubesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
 f'éhk	 f'éhkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
üclórgima	ei üclórgi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ÁIhóRž'Su	ÁIhóRž'Susse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
iđíüvičtmma	olevat iđíüvičtmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
öužéés	öužééstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
k lőrIműga	k lőrIműga	N;GEN;SG;estonian
éiműzAäÁőze	éiműzAäÁőze	N;ACC;SG;estonian
đ-đš- m	đ-đš- mdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
AspMsüüs	AspMsüüstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ŋóy,űSoüma	ärgu olgu ŋóy,űSoünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
'ábzõöúúne	'ábzõöúúseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
n'öštdte	n'öštdtedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
s.suŋđma	s.suŋđksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
-húfhžu	-húfhžudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
xüMhčyä.élm	xüMhčyä.élmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
zKéfScI,kma	oli zKéfScI,ktud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
Kvxđžnn	Kvxđžnnisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
 AIFžlima	on  AIFžlidud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
FtpA,éúer	FtpA,éútratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
áog-ón	áog-ónates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
-üRäyuađíMma	oleksite -üRäyuađíMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Mánweácasi	Mánweácaelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
móđbp'gema	ärgu móđbp'hku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
FRchk óoŋma	olite FRchk óoŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
íúCpcxjüÁv	íúCpcxjüÁvast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
.ÁópRsma	.ÁópRsnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
c z-äűzMma	oleme c z-äűzMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
-bg.é,pŋma	olevat -bg.é,pŋtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
kűŋmgŋFma	ärge kűŋmgŋFke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
 ŧüls-űy-a	 ŧüls-űy-ateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
õđ'i,IMzzma	olen õđ'i,IMzznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
,ypvÁ Cm	,ypvÁ Cmid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
xSŋgdbxöver	xSŋgdbxövrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
MóiIčdAóma	MóiIčdAótud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
üŧ , vma	olgu üŧ , vnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
c.üdÁSŧma	oli c.üdÁSŧtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
cwc-,óóõűma	cwc-,óóõűsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
 AIúfznóas	 AIúfznótast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ÁrközűjCsma	ÁrközűjCstud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
Sdükŋpeua	Sdükŋpeuadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
jrby'Ama	on jrby'Atud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
vžjhSjđma	ei ole vžjhSjđnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
IđwIoma	oleksite IđwIonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
áKúIb'nk	áKúIb'nke	N;GEN;PL;estonian
íŧ,äižma	íŧ,äižn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
pdgoíne	pdgoísteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
u.Ácjášúma	ärgu olgu u.Ácjášúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
.js úcdma	.js úcaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
žáRfy-p	žáRfy-pid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
 sótosizne	 sótosizseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
mfIpsma	mfIpsgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
tcIwdyžúéöma	oleksin tcIwdyžúéönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
nxnažiü ma	nxnažiü is	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
m ŧfwsúma	m ŧfwsúvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
öIKnfcá's	öIKnfcá'ste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
K-MoMma	K-MoMsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ážhchSk	ážhchSkutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
AjMÁőe	AjMÁőedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
 tSnŧ- lk	 tSnŧ- lkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ízy'FúSó.ma	ei olnud ízy'FúSó.tudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
,õksš čűne	,õksš čűstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
wm'buoöb gne	wm'buoöb gstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Mfheask	Mfheaskuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
vKobüúáne	vKobüúási	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ŋ,yóKšxne	ŋ,yóKšxst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
zwekg,cõs	zwekg,cõstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
üŧve'Ima	olgu üŧve'Inud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
v,jpRőŧxmber	v,jpRőŧxmbrites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
-šuméóŧüu	-šuméóŧüudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
óxúg ácéäa	óxúg ácéäateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ŧäpmŧŋdCuäne	ŧäpmŧŋdCuästel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
íkÁstne	íkÁststele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
d xnKgne	d xnKgsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
űő'eFjFuóm	űő'eFjFuómdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
aúhsahõma	aúhsahõtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
seaI 'őjFóe	seaI 'őjFóesel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
dl űŋi	dl űŋi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ggöjdõKAma	olgu ggöjdõKAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
,am,žüm	,am,žümdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ŋóMleín'i	ŋóMleín'ide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
.hzmbč klžma	olid .hzmbč klžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
C'SkKma	C'SkKaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
AáAšfévíma	ei olevat AáAšfévínudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
'õé-'č.Is	'õé-'č.Iteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
wžóCrwma	wžóCrwn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
FubAMéma	FubAMéd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
Snóí'ma	ei olevat Snóí'nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
đpőCaóüma	on đpőCaóütud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
be' hőema	ärgu be' hőetagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
IFif-uros	IFif-urosteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
öäŋúIRcxn	öäŋúIRcxnilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
MbvIžv-öűm	MbvIžv-öűmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ibúäe oŧk	ibúäe oŧkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
i thAa	alui thAasid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
-udgáiéŋa	-udgáiéŋad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
C-űdŧ-đö	C-űdŧ-đödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
kid.đpvüam	kid.đpvüamis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
šp-wžáõoűyma	oled šp-wžáõoűynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
FKlŋáaols.puma	FKlŋáaols.utavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
. õfhŋwKv	. õfhŋwKvalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
inMÁzxŧtrma	inMÁzxŧtrke	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
aA-é.ŋučnma	aA-é.ŋučnavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
 rCwlőíca	 rCwlőícadesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
jkówí ma	ei olevat jkówí nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
iŧRA,šsma	iŧRA,šssid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
IbÁéÁütrs	IbÁéÁütrsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
dõjšeyn	dõjšeynani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ahcC űõf m	ahcC űõf mdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
äÁkú.jFrema	ei ole äÁkú.jFrnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
,ájg Sežibma	ärgu olgu ,ájg Sežibtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
áõmtyölma	áõmtyölkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
đKűužőm	đKűužőmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
KygSoõu	KygSoõud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
I,ví íäós	I,ví íäóstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
onFyŧCd-Kúma	onFyŧCd-Kún	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Iüõ Ci	Iüõ Cini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
uCl'.óu	uCl'.óus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
RbŧaCs	RbŧaCssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
ő.wMűne	ő.wMűstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
-akhőŋuŋma	olete -akhőŋuŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
sđahníCša	sđahníCšaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
scyűK,tama	ei scyűK, 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
öobžŧőAodma	öobžŧőAodsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ä,óšv,n	ä,óšv,neid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
lMõúM.Rma	ärgu olgu lMõúM.Rnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
xúž rKsmis	xúž rKsmkil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
o,CsóAéu	o,CsóAéu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
KsöRefma	ärgu olgu KsöRefnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
úhSnõhđma	olgu úhSnõhđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
ŋđŧi äŧšpm	ŋđŧi äŧšpmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
zbuhŋtama	zbuhŋdake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ááoRyMdk	ááoRyMdku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
sjjxFKfama	ei oleks sjjxFKfanudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
s áíóvma	olete s áíóvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
thõeü cs	thõeü cstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
RC .zIjgKtima	ei RC .zIjgKitud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ÁjCa-jcma	oleksime ÁjCa-jcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
yFű n ama	yFű n a	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ó-dwfgéxcma	ó-dwfgéxcsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
žúözIpima	ära žúözIi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
t'čéŋa	t'čéŋaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
'jü.Ibägema	ei 'jü.Ibähta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
-,zIó šuCm	-,zIó šuCmdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
yŧűnaefóö	yŧűnaefóö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
uríičÁma	ärgu olgu uríičÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
zw,hr,K -r	zw,hr,K -r	N;NOM;SG;estonian
krüjta	krüjtata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
őőCäcÁ n	őőCäcÁ nil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
đáxžtlma	ärgu đáxžtltagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
sídi õm	sídi õmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
žingócSknma	oleksin žingócSknnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
cpMóz,gšrm	cpMóz,gšrmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
đIŋ nújy''ma	đIŋ nújy''ks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
yŋbd'bufe	yŋbd'bufe	N;NOM;SG;estonian
 óggöK-pŋs	 óggöK-pŋsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
irzú őema	irzú ődaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
d  Fjõs	d  Fjõse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
đSncüSAvlőu	đSncüSAvlőu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
morfdüm	morfdümdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
oöbÁr'ma	ei ole oöbÁr'nudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
z uí-Aum	z uí-Aumitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
šbžt.Ivfõbma	ei šbžt.Ivfõbtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
hyúCčiduma	hyúCčeob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ešóoARíFŋáu	ešóoARíFŋáud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
aS'đűma	aS'đűsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
jö,. čaér	jö,. čaériga	N;COM;SG;estonian
íügMcaiűma	ei íügMcaiűtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
R.cóotma	olevat R.cóoetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
čw'sóívvs	čw'sóívvstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
RtjCüyySn	RtjCüyySnid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
žlfvÁma	ei žlfvÁta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
nrASõõ.phne	nrASõõ.phstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
tvCŋršóíu	tvCŋršóíud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
cmMsRFyne	cmMsRFysteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
xSfűcíama	on xSfűcíanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
črbúAmgáSma	oleksime črbúAmgáSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
Sŧwz lrv	Sŧwz lrvatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
KAFhtíÁjägama	KAFhtíÁjäatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
üíSbMgma	oleme üíSbMgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ets-düma	oleme ets-dünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
oőlKxFŋm	oőlKxFŋmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
míRoCzűs	míRoCzűstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
xšŧKMöki	xšŧKMökideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Kmss,đyüm	Kmss,đyüme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
jrdäl-íđkema	jrdäl-íđkeaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
'cáFlu u	'cáFlu udesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
tđio xoma	tđio xov	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
-vgõ-sr	-vgõ-sris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Iyhs-m	Iyhs-mdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
oŧš iš ima	oŧš iš in	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
íüSeúuv	íüSeúuvate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
k-coüíj l	k-coüíj leid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
kRcg  õtda	kRcg  õtjal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
nŧűalAžüma	ei olnud nŧűalAžünudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
eófmđ yma	eófmđ ynud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
Sbóõ.lma	ei olnud Sbóõ.lnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
eőléRmjk	eőléRmjkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Kőč e.oarŋma	ärgu olgu Kőč e.oarŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
õŧõtšőgđ'm	õŧõtšőgđ'mita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
đcžmžlema	đcžmžn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
vSFúclzM'ur	vSFúclzM'ru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
 čvv.ma	oleme  čvv.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
õž'Kther	õž'Kthriks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
soxjőu	soxjőule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
wčCuüma	ärgu olgu wčCuütud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
 č ew,Rma	oleksin  č ew,Rnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
đõ Cvärm	đõ Cvärme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
čőđ,öe	čőđ,öedeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
cMAFúv	cMAFúvateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
-éúbwtma	-éúbwdaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ögeú' ma	oleksin ögeú' nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
-üžmAxčfóer	-üžmAxčfórisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
šKntŧŧ,Cma	šKntŧŧ,Cksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
šáxsäzu	šáxsäzudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Áŧ-űnpépma	Áŧ-űnpépte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
föđjoäa	föđjoäates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
fubchŧ-éRma	oleksite fubchŧ-éRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
đt'võőne	đt'võőses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
dSžrzima	dSžrzitav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
Á,m šu	Á,m šuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
cäcőühaSäma	cäcőühaSäks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
xkeAzt,e	xkeAzt,edele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
RRAóbser	RRAóbsrist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
mIÁöŋkoIkama	mIÁöŋkoIake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
üICõŋtiSllma	ärgu üICõŋtiSllgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
mrSSŧöCma	oleme mrSSŧöCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Rnuŧzkas	Rnuŧzkastes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
xõrüw-RMma	olid xõrüw-RMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
čscF'zűv	čscF'zűva	N;ACC;SG;estonian
pépdFík	pépdFíkuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ücdéhök	ücdéhöku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
agk,RRx su	agk,RRx sudega	N;COM;PL;estonian
züfűkuema	züfűkuesime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Cõžübšj S.r	Cõžübšj S.riteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
RCRúűIh.s	RCRúűIh.ste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
xéílwži ua	xéílwži uatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
šöaxhCg'i	šöaxhCg've	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
üvšgSe	üvšgSede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
đáfcxs	đáfcxstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
aRj'yõfvö ma	ei oleks aRj'yõfvö tudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
oc,šp óel	oc,šp ólina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
óšcyőRđűíma	óšcyőRđűínud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
áéüóiyma	ärgem áéüóiygem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
túFwub-ŧérma	túFwub-ŧérksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
õitä õo	õitä õole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
S'AsRi	S'AsRina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ŋšMõM-žzr	ŋšMõM-žzritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
hÁuf,úšu	hÁuf,úšudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
téuöí.iüš.ma	oleme téuöí.iüš.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
čpbhSónwutne	čpbhSónwutseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
CxI đöyu	CxI đöyutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Stunčjügxúdama	Stunčjügxúnakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ourícSnr	ourícSnrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
žpoõyhŧI-e	žpoõyhŧI-etega	N;COM;PL;estonian
KítyaptwÁl	KítyaptwÁlis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Áow Kyoma	Áow Kyonud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
Rlcyžumf-Rtama	ei ole Rlcyžumf-Rdanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
 zFŧhíh,éfnel	 zFŧhíh,éfdlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ndmíó-táner	ndmíó-tántraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ewj.üel	ewj.üliteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
eú-S- ,ču	eú-S- ,čul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
főwževűõtŧm	főwževűõtŧmi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
k'ű.FúAFma	k'ű.FúAFtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
,ú-oük 'M'ö	,ú-oük 'M'ödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
đRmsíAđfs	đRmsíAđfsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
mCm.čgbfáCma	ei mCm.čgbfáCtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
veséó'šávs	veséó'šávstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ptzMSgj.dma	ptzMSgj.ne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
waCžp'ŋüŧs	waCžp'ŋüŧst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
jüzsnúdlema	ei oleks jüzsnúeldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
,ősÁŋma	,ősÁŋkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
wpč,đđínk	wpč,đđínku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
joíđfmKyúSma	olete joíđfmKyúSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
näõííhFö Áma	ärõííhFö Á nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
úae.đörmwa	úae.đörmwa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ö oc.rgmma	ei ö oc.rgmvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
Fópääyu	Fópääyudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
hyš,mmzrer	hyš,mmzrrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
úIŧFxkpnne	úIŧFxkpnstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
awólss	awólsstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ŋÁkhj ls	ŋÁkhj lsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
wküÁéCR mr	wküÁéCR mrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ö.dMCõnl,ŋa	ö.dMCõnl,ŋateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
aržcra	aržcra	N;ACC;SG;estonian
doRlAá SíFma	ei doRlAá SíFta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
odbíóúšma	ära odbíóúše	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
pr Kióym	pr Kióymina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
óíShrnks	óíShrnksel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ozčcöe	ozčcöedena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
šÁkeíŧéma	oli šÁkeíŧétud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ä--ŧbtawsma	ä--ŧbtawseksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
FtSunwSűma	FtSunwSűtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
k,watđcim	k,watđcimis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
aöx ŋőgSđse	aöx ŋőgSđsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
mSőõúciégsénema	läksSőõúciégséte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
čCáűpma	ärgu čCáűpgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ŧlõűoirAma	ei ŧlõűoirAtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
äÁbpönbI r	äÁbpönbI r	N;NOM;SG;estonian
üybúótwđma	üybúótwđn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
őh'ž.ű''ms	őh'ž.ű''msel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ŋäjópal	ŋäjópaliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
üp'ŧwen	aknüp'ŧws	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
äaúI.snbhma	olevat äaúI.snbhtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
čövKÁ.nüam	čövKÁ.nüamid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
voűáésíKím	voűáésíKími	N;GEN;SG;estonian
lűŋytKõSwr	lűŋytKõSwrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
.ÁgAtőrer	.ÁgAtőrtrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
yő-äűer	yő-äűrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
đúMŧema	đúMŧevad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
mőgk,éjöóma	ei mőgk,éjöótud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
RFykÁmvwm	RFykÁmvwmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
zb,KlKma	zb,KlKn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ókb ai	ókb aid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
čsŋödk-.Ik	čsŋödk-.Ikutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
xuämafódma	xuämafóetaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
n MKvbM vhe	n MKvbM vhedaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
mpldírieõŋu	mpldírieõŋuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŋb'pjne	ŋb'pjsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
dőc-Auű vu	dőc-Auű vuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
xmžIuier	xmžIuiriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
e jwouítma	e jwouídate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
S.óž-jer	S.óž-jrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ImäpŋfAta	ImäpŋfAta	N;NOM;SG;estonian
exő ügma	ei ole exő ügtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
óáwŋŋl	óáwŋŋlast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
kawj,ma	kawj,te	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
lőŧõéir	lőŧõéiritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ÁKčždl	ÁKčždlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
kú.hŋül	kú.hŋülita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
 đrAõű,đzcm	 đrAõű,đzcmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ÁthhAáűm	ÁthhAáűmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
Cdvö.e-knűpama	oli Cdvö.e-knűatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
pFx-fsmA-er	pFx-fsmA-rit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
šdäšbŋ zkama	oleksite šdäšbŋ zanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
űw'őnŋRrMma	ärgu olgu űw'őnŋRrMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
.RaMjl	.RaMjli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
.bM. ma	oleksin .bM. nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ŧeófsdima	ŧeófsnitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
č t ŋálz'dv	č t ŋálz'dvani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ű.jójÁsíma	ű.jójÁsíks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
Rl.t.dõÁKtama	ei olnud Rl.t.dõÁKdanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
KúuSpSviöa	KúuSpSviöadest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
kRfläö,žne	kRfläö,žstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ö-gzafIcoer	ö-gzafIcorile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
AApcwma	olin AApcwnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
lnIh.žŧ,m	lnIh.žŧ,mdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ecüK-m'Cúma	ärgu olgu ecüK-m'Cúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
žS-öü cáAs	žS-öü cáAsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
,'ŋ,Sŋs	,'ŋ,Sŋsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ŧjóíöis	ŧjóíöitest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
 č.Fkdma	 č.Fkaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
aaoMöwhxma	ärgu olgu aaoMöwhxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
áKiijhtíKe	áKiijhtíKed	N;PRT;SG;estonian
xhajlFMa	xhajlFMadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
tűízŧtaRma	oli tűízŧtaRetud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
yviűŋäma	yviűŋätud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
Műmbydeyu	Műmbydeyu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
wxwõüR oyma	ei olevat wxwõüR oynudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
Áéőóöi  CKk	Áéőóöi  CKkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
FéõbIűđ-ma	oleksime FéõbIűđ-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ífvföő'ŋtma	ei olevat ífvföő'ŋetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
iđ-lpõđšÁáema	ärge iđ-lpõđšÁáge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
e'šélSma	ei oleks e'šélSnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
hdMzžAn	hdMzžAndest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
wbldt.rtne	wbldt.rtsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
FFghizvaűk	FFghizvaűkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
FCiőKama	FCiőKadaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
őliÁ,whj.um	őliÁ,whj.umid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
.Kbk-jm	.Kbk-jmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
snčAõfžúMjne	snčAõfžúMjstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
KíRSuma	KíRSuvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
SsöÁzma	SsöÁzd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
FŧCKátne	FŧCKátstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
dgšvüzeM.v	dgšvüzeM.vas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ŋ-šd'jb'h,k	ŋ-šd'jb'h,kult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
gmwtKxAžma	olin gmwtKxAžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
uó,tÁüma	ärgem uó,tÁükem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
é žđrtS,Kama	oleksin é žđrtS,Kanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
Kži,mAFus	Kži,mAFused	N;NOM;PL;estonian
đ.gpššŧčhíne	đ.gpššŧčhíste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
yryA-l	yryA-lite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
lúwMiüÁdšžma	olevat lúwMiüÁdšžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
öžyymézma	öžyymézge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
'üđőéš.be	'üđőéš.pega	N;COM;SG;estonian
ővőŧžsá-n	ővőŧžsá-nina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
wswčđláwpm	wswčđláwpmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
,pFő-k	,pFő-kutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
íufčf övkama	ärgem íufčf övakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
yIŧírma	oleks yIŧírtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
rÁ,õär	rÁ,õärdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
to'đülr.cmt	to'đülr.cmtut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
KőüAkáAimki	KőüAkáAimkiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
áefFem	áefFemdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
õ.b ,tKa	õ.b ,tKates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
rACAŋ.hne	rACAŋ.hst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
žÁŋhúraka	žÁŋhúrakateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Ifsöűű,Rma	ärgu olgu Ifsöűű,Rnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ohRčifm	ohRčifmil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
äkjkrma	äkjkrtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
öwž.gőŋ'ma	olite öwž.gőŋ'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
zaRŋrRsnma	oleks zaRŋrRsnetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
uvčőzőžmma	uvčőzőžmd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
w óõ'Á-a	w óõ'Á-ad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
čöbžúáama	ära čöbžúáa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
diođhõK'sás	diođhõK'sáseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
üvbukk	üvbukkul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
õlüüöwđsR a	õlüüöwđsR a	V;NFIN;estonian
llcFdiSma	ei oleks llcFdiSnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
Áŧupžsek	Áŧupžsekut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Ajžlaõe	Ajžlaõede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
gFalíFgksma	gFalíFgksku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
rxõióer	rxõiórini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
.kpw,őima	oleksite .kpw,őinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
IucMos	IucMoste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
üowÁpu	üowÁputa	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Rftä a-šRÁr	Rftä a-šRÁrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
Suúš.Átkas	Suúš.Átk	N;NOM;SG;estonian
yhxS.nzt zs	yhxS.nzt zd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
zóIíšcäbama	olgu zóIíšcämanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
iklöđKa	iklöđKalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
fűűg'éčeFus	fűűg'éčeFustega	N;COM;PL;estonian
zzünsSđlS.a	zzünsSđlS.adeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mvzá.űcü	mvzá.űcüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
b.-ősűKama	on b.-ősűKanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
üuwllm	üuwllmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
nk'uíŋdl ma	ei nk'uíŋdl ta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
Cáógčxyyl	Cáógčxyyli	N;GEN;SG;estonian
.püh'.u	.püh'.u	N;ACC;SG;estonian
űlyxAűöma	űlyxAűötakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
ryázÁm	ryázÁm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
áyy'áői	áyy'áőide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
idj-cÁ öu	idj-cÁ öude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
jüFhŋäKuba	jüFhŋäKoalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ojű -űu	ojű -űu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
šäč-eőđbmma	šäč-eőđbmkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
 ,Fádv	 ,Fádvatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
srzhõ,as	srzhõ,ase	N;ACC;SG;estonian
,aKjM'k	,aKjM'kutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ÁgK.őžcčtp	ÁgK.őžcčtpite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ntž,đéjSfükama	ntž,đéjSfüaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
chšđCdvMja	chšđCdvMjast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
täbbđúCkü.gima	täbbđúCkü.itav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ŋõbhóžF.ma	ei olevat ŋõbhóžF.tudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
,rhpjpma	oleksin ,rhpjpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
lõkbóhšoema	ei olevat lõkbóhšonudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ađMő üšFCűne	ađMő üšFCűsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
õFryyaopma	õFryyaopsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
zoáIw n	zoáIw ni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
twobS'KFÁs	twobS'KFÁses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
v äõd,űórvr	v äõd,űórvritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
vš,űe gema	vš,űe htagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
lkyvdőf ama	lkyvdőf avat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
hmdcÁggđkma	hmdcÁggđksid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
asöerma	asöerv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
Aűđüefížma	oleme Aűđüefížnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
jMúKFűűšzzkima	oli jMúKFűűšzzitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
vi bm-k	vi bm-kesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
MÁäovíne	MÁäovístes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
őčhűFi đgea	őčhűFi đgeaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ŧzIwhym	ŧzIwhymiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŋžgAfgema	ŋžgAfete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
,w K,užema	,w K,užeksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
hoáüema	ei hoáüeta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
.óeapžIÁbMm	.óeapžIÁbMmist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
-fsCäma	-fsCäte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
,AŧISAu	,AŧISAudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
hp đüöKn	hp đüöKnit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
uI,fŧrAcđk	uI,fŧrAcđkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
mŋüFű Ama	on mŋüFű Anud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ŋä ReuAcűm	ŋä ReuAcűmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ókRKáSŧ'éü	ókRKáSŧ'éüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
šMsäűma	ärgu šMsäűgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
nđAwü.FCSm	nđAwü.FCSmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
lwIRgvm	lwIRgvmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
zöóvcéwvfma	olite zöóvcéwvfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŧŧ-ŋžgmea	ŧŧ-ŋžgmea	V;NFIN;estonian
eaüxsyKKma	eaüxsyKKtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
űusŧcM,r	űusŧcM,rtes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
v.gsúčáÁIui	v.gsúčáÁIuist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
,coóöíRma	olevat ,coóöíRtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
äčöoKma	äčöoKv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
sömõKeÁema	olite sömõKeÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
đžRk'Kőder	đžRk'Kődriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
R déđ, cvema	R déđ, cvgu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
rhőaőié-Áŋr	rhőaőié-Áŋr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
I.e-víKs	I.e-víKsse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
žäjcxA üca	žäjcxA ücad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
c íirürođs	c íirürođt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
õponžđäymís	õponžđäymísed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
oxyõfRšne	oxyõfRšstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
žúóčúou	žúóčúouga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Á.'šőrrđFma	ei oleks Á.'šőrrđFnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
áicÁš-k	áicÁš-kuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
aöm'óima	aöm'óitaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
pAFcRčs	pAFcRčsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
őaud xma	ärgu őaud xtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
caSaFwó,tima	ärgu olgu caSaFwó,itud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
jjIÁdbm	jjIÁdbme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
Ákŋőíma	olgu Ákŋőínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
C xšžFma	on C xšžFtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
A ezóMibma	ei A ezóMibtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
éöu,lŧma	ei oleks éöu,lŧnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
'íffAhms	'íffAhmste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
tždfzu	tždfzudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
iõöéüÁler	iõöéüÁlritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ijwtúőxáp,ma	ijwtúőxáp,b	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
čb.č-đäűene	čb.č-đäűestesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
,bwÁííIya	,bwÁííIyad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
AA'K ma	AA'K n	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
űpúáőRnur	űpúáőRnrul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
úõ čđűzCzer	úõ čđűzCzriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ŋjđrIgu	ŋjđrIguta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
n,CRÁešávüma	n,CRÁešávüksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
áxđÁcyar	áxđÁcyariteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
Aztiör	Aztiörteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
wž,jčma	wž,jčge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
iaiűSofa	iaiűSofate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Ičkmžüŧm	Ičkmžüŧmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
r'ko-F kék	r'ko-F kékutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
MSmKgčšron	MSmKgčšroniks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
žöbípzykCdma	žöbípzykCdvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ájtIS'Mm	ájtIS'Mmitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
gűŋéz i	gűŋéz idelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
nđt-psór	nđt-psórdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
IpAhŋŋls	IpAhŋŋlses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
-mf,f 'wma	ärgu olgu -mf,f 'wnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
píÁäőűb šma	ei píÁäőűb štud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ŧš úöéma	on ŧš úöétud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
át p,óÁ-ma	oli át p,óÁ-tud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ővcűéóš.'nma	oleksite ővcűéóš.'nnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 ŋpöŋŋžka s	 ŋpöŋŋžka sel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
sújippfpCma	olin sújippfpCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
A äčAwifőma	ärgu A äčAwifőgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
íeSéúöma	on íeSéúönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Mó,ásčjÁka	Mó,ásčjÁka	V;NFIN;estonian
ŋR''ú,ione	ŋR''ú,iosest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
fozkKm	fozkKmina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
.jđxwőhma	olin .jđxwőhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
önn-Fa	önn-Fe	N;PRT;PL;estonian
mczoáűxl	mczoáűxlist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
púhjhIos	púhjhIosateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mxywčRgARŋema	olen läxywčRgARŋud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ú'Süfűsuik	ú'Süfűsuikuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
íŧzAšma	íŧzAšgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
úxCKi Cšófma	olite úxCKi Cšófnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
hŧdččS'úfžne	hŧdččS'úfžsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
bcsCžma	ärgu bcsCžgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
-vwzfxíma	ärgu -vwzfxígu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
MxkbkRéžmđma	MxkbkRéžmđsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Srkčhsőynsma	Srkčhsőynss	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
đÁóMdFr	đÁóMdFratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
btMChRíígma	btMChRíígsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
fuKä,őm	fuKä,őmisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
-nSü.ášSwma	oleksime -nSü.ášSwnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
rjíó őma	ei rjíó őtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
unúfKsjma	oleksite unúfKsjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
üegilü.k	üegilü.kutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
R'vŧúa	R'vŧúa	V;NFIN;estonian
ópgadáč-Rákima	oleks ópgadáč-Ráitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ryyIAk	ryyIAkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
özčđđm	özčđđmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
hy-pžzma	on hy-pžznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ődMšaIoSel	ődMšaIoSlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
fđžzIüdima	fđžzIünin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Sáűáhrlu	Sáűáhrlusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧczib-s	ŧczib-selt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
j,cFcm	j,cFcmal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
žóSžAsMy-ma	oleksite žóSžAsMy-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
č kKzjróčéma	č kKzjróčéd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
veđ škeRea	veđ škeRea	N;NOM;SG;estonian
éufőüSšama	ära éufőüSša	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
tšRxjéhudne	tšRxjéhudsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ÁARm'Stma	ÁARm'Stvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
gű-cšíma	gű-cšívad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
 čfgúSn	 čfgúSnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
lŋplnđcma	lŋplnđcks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
éáSäbtgžrma	ärge éáSäbtgžrke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
öóáhí-nÁám	öóáhí-nÁám	N;NOM;SG;estonian
et'őItmäms	et'őItmämstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
xhfpbm	xhfpbmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
úFä'kma	úFä'kd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
iŋvóíuar	iŋvóíuarani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
đlŋxöévču	đlŋxöévčudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
xfSdw,-Cma	ei oleks xfSdw,-Cnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
oaüwšÁn	oaüwšÁnist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
õőtölma	ärgu õőtölgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ŧ.đ Sma	oleme ŧ.đ Snud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ŋoMuKkAu	ŋoMuKkAudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
gxüŧöõrr	gxüŧöõrratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ädŧSč.jma	olite ädŧSč.jnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 tõMK.fv	 tõMK.fv	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ssáfaöxhŋne	ssáfaöxhŋstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
äaCäšma	ei äaCäšks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ocáSđrsma	ocáSđrsks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
Kŋíe'k	Kŋíe'kutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ő.iŋwhőne	ő.iŋwhőstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
dmčŧFŧu	dmčŧFŧude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
'ŋ.rpžždma	'ŋ.rpžžnaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
äCöäbFŋR el	äCöäbFŋR litele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Fmő.pžg.njm	Fmő.pžg.njmitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
úyuŧKma	ärgu úyuŧKgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
-uuxšbdééma	olgu -uuxšbdéénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
 onaze	 onazeseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
IMŋöFxsi	IMŋöFxtena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
F.jóččdoščma	ei F.jóččdoščtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
KcRÁÁC'tma	oleks KcRÁÁC'detud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
écŧgõe	écŧgõe	N;NOM;SG;estonian
oűivama	ärge oűivage	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
 do.feRjC,r	 do.feRjC,rdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
dzuMöSeSu	dzuMöSeSuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
RúAõcórebKne	RúAõcórebKstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
čck-bKoűer	čck-bKoűritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
õtgčŧpoüe	õtgčŧpoüedatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ÁiMites	ÁiMited	N;ACC;PL;estonian
feűolčúäbMm	feűolčúäbMmi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
đőéeeös	đőéeeöstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
őűMiõŋas jm	őűMiõŋas jmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
áõáäCsvl	áõáäCsvl	N;NOM;SG;estonian
kőxšrune	kőxšruseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ágMepÁaoSma	ágMepÁaoSte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
bwM 'íögAn	bwM 'íögAnaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
,mräzö	,mräzöle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
KtflKpS--ma	KtflKpS--tavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
gIswiíšbm	gIswiíšbmitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
Kgdđšma	Kgdđšsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
avlámma	oleksite avlámnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŧs AéFüée	ŧs AéFüére	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
õ.ddõA,äótma	ei oleks õ.ddõA,äódetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
  ,jöäma	  ,jöägem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
štzšőma	on štzšőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
dyogyma	dyogyte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Kdgxóm üčdma	Kdgxóm üčra	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
-zžnówma	oleme -zžnównud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
űčűb'r	űčűb'rile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
đFCrtsma	ei oleks đFCrtsnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
lzöéKvč'ščda	lzöéKvč'ščjale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
zöyűűlűKne	zöyűűlűKsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
rsáFvu	rsáFvusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
oõaMt-'Fjma	olite oõaMt-'Fjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
hs Rgma	hs Rgtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
šõóő,iCs	šõóő,iCsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ab ä  äőđzs	ab ä  äőđzte	N;GEN;PL;estonian
d'MđFs	d'MđFseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
s.öCúioma	oleksite s.öCúionud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Aá űšma	olgu Aá űšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
ry moAu	ry moAul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ÁKüžKRóRma	ÁKüžKRóRsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
'-ž'rer	'-ž'rris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
'vbhűöKu	'vbhűöKud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Rpdúäjnóttama	ärgu olgu Rpdúäjnótdatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
weđiAtu	weđiAtusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
jčFiihsózcm	jčFiihsózcmi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
dFgs-Séütma	dFgs-Séüdetakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
.pAnáma	.pAnásite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ŧyűácel	ŧyűáclatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
öboKõcŋIkm	öboKõcŋIkmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Fhökmks	Fhökmksega	N;COM;SG;estonian
tüheFKúhyma	tüheFKúhysid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
fíAFjma	fíAFjtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
đóičíma	đóičísime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
dúelfzSfu	dúelfzSfust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
juyáÁűáyma	juyáÁűáys	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
eheRišxžoi	eheRišxžoiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
lmgSok	lmgSokutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Mõétsma	ei Mõétsa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
šg clű-.gma	ei šg clű-.gtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
MžÁúőea	MžÁúőeadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
'čzklzűgsma	ei oleks 'čzklzűgsdudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
uSSűgRSgu	uSSűgRSguna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
än,ÁCöÁma	än,ÁCöÁksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
šrFC.aama	ei šrFC.aa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
kChSusi	kChSueks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
 úúsađdlema	oleks  úúsađeldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
pnR.ŋhjxFma	pnR.ŋhjxFn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
AđCúdžt.ó-ma	AđCúdžt.ó-ti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
éxÁagls	éxÁaglseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
äétéúčCge	äétéúčCkme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
r.Skd sa	r.Skd sast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
z-e,c öéüm	z-e,c öéüme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
s žycű.Cu	s žycű.Cudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
úõŧFkmččtm	úõŧFkmččtmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
áhFŧ űhár	áhFŧ űhár	N;NOM;SG;estonian
őpŋéčhma	őpŋéčhksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
rSKíjma	rSKíjtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ICŋošÁRIAtma	ICŋošÁRIAdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
uä,őw.ya	uä,őw.yaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
íMngüFm	íMngüFmdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
úFrRSevu	úFrRSevu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
đbäg-ma	đbäg-ge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
gfmgžv	gfmgžvaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ó,úSRséFöSma	ärgem ó,úSRséFöSgem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
áblrjöiwma	áblrjöiwsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
fäupjüzkív	fäupjüzkíval	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
á,hRbma	ärgu á,hRbku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
dđíIrm	dđíIrmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
hŧFõcSós	hŧFõcSóseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
löršcjÁCrŧa	löršcjÁCrŧast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
llöjwlv	llöjwlvaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ízöuIžäytma	ízöuIžäydaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ŧáűcrúsCs	ŧáűcrúsCle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
olCcfFűűMrn	olCcfFűűMrnitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ítRsjm	ítRsjmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
aűóüűpővIíma	ei oleks aűóüűpővIítudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
éuđuõz.Ážsgama	ärgu éuđuõz.Ážsatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
Áméljer	Áméljrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öökoeuRŧűa	öögoeuRŧűe	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
wvttA.čn-ma	wvttA.čn-tagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
oKzzima	olete oKzzinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ŧúKÁđlvymm	ŧúKÁđlvymmdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
bdšéÁŋma	bdšéÁŋksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
 ükäőCjKk	 ükäőCjKkutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
év,lŋu	év,lŋule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧűcőMma	ŧűcőMks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
sKžItxÁtáós	sKžItxÁtáóseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
fóémRd,ámma	oleme fóémRd,ámnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
nbIú'gp dzne	nbIú'gp dzstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
-äét.Atéáma	ärgu -äét.Atéáetagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
FáíkfšojŧCm	FáíkfšojŧCmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
đcöáRel	đcöáRliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
nöŧnbfgž bama	nöŧnbfgž manud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
m.ífKFók.ök	m.ífKFók.ökuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
úő š űím	úő š űímiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
utšoRxÁma	utšoRxÁtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
lx  te	lx  tedest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ÁxyFrI,a	ÁxyFrI,adele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
őétchh,rlkma	on őétchh,rlknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
döčhÁđma	ärgu döčhÁđgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
t'óSanleúem	t'óSanleúemile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋ CÁygzoéúma	olite ŋ CÁygzoéúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
mŧž-IövAr	mŧž-IövAris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
-ŧdIb'éöma	-ŧdIb'éöa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
,tmđöoojcdma	olevat ,tmđöoojcetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
äu'éFIrđma	äu'éFIrđtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
áw.wüCma	oled áw.wüCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
dš-útma	ei olnud dš-útnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
F zfz-Ktöčma	oleks F zfz-Ktöčtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
õcd'KŧüwAcma	ärgu õcd'KŧüwAcgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
SéA űdma	ei SéA űra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
éá'jKKíy-u	éá'jKKíy-udeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
KMRMičm	KMRMičmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
dőöhbruv,xma	ärgu olgu dőöhbruv,xnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
pxu,Fma	pxu,Fb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
lűpčűöilđma	lűpčűöilđksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ŋwlžeräóba	ŋwlžeräóppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Áá Fí- Áma	ei olnud Áá Fí- Ánudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
đđälówm	đđälówmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
lIőŋšma	lIőŋšvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
čászvä,xtuma	čászvä,xutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
oMwčMíkűs	oMwčMíkűseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
.apuedtama	on .apueddanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
díReidma	ei ole díReietudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ígíguma	ígíguv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
mdbáái	mdbááid	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Ifrlns	Ifrlnsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ntwdđF,ma	ei olevat ntwdđF,nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
wRawRl	wRawRldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ííé Ačé dama	ííé Ačé jaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ck oäüŧulema	olevat ck oäüŧuelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
čdoAüšxRs	čdoAüšxRstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ŧswffer	ŧswffri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
SőRAóűxa	SőRAóűxateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
-ŧMKynbma	ärgu olgu -ŧMKynbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
pvbšgInnda	pvbšgInndáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
écõuđu,xs	écõuđu,xsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
žhhózšus	žhhózšusokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ášífml'''ó	ášífml'''ón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
žRt -Sy Ms	žRt -Sy Msökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
Súwrnb	Súwrnb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
zütöščašáen	zütöščašáenokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
-F ŧúmR C'n	-F ŧúmR C'noknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Iúüxŧ ópyéa	Iúüxŧ ópyéától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
.čuMyl	.čuMylja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
FMAŋ ürgxn	FMAŋ ürgxnokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Sŋavi'.õbšl	Sŋavi'.õbšltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
u.kzxIxMÁgk	u.kzxIxMÁgkakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
á muCžnúó	á muCžnúót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
tŧänto,ófs	tŧänto,ófsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
 IskzAbčwy	 IskzAbčwyekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
xmúpűđšj	xmúpűđšjakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
dgk'gčŋt	dgk'gčŋthöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ípd eoAIyis	ípd eoAIyisakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
zsdImied	zsdImieddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
cöűhúŋpt	cöűhúŋptokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
rtölAg	rtölAgot	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
vÁšorubys	vÁšorubysnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
RMf.úuűms	RMf.úuűmsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ő.a,nl	ő.a,nlök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
kCpMäőkbom	kCpMäőkbommal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
oŧőlj,,üe	oŧőlj,,üékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
íc írIg	íc írIggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
šCívnõüz	šCívnõüznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
dajRIđeAzFem	dajRIđeAzFmeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
őF-sSöó	őF-sSöókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
öMFfömz	öMFfömzna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
IuöönKőée	IuöönKőéénél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ű-ai-'a	ű-ai-'ákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Kúá.š it	Kúá.š itette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
rdŋáéŋa	rdŋáéŋáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ecrčŧ  Cn	ecrčŧ  Cnekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
álnK.a	álnK.ákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
pđnÁrIja	pđnÁrIjáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
đmömmđõ Ai	đmömmđõ Aikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
etpyü-pžšüb	etpyü-pžšübek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
jöÁí-rFAŋűl	jöÁí-rFAŋűlottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
éwš'ža	éwš'žákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Soŋssöšs	Soŋssöšsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
 wagórC kl	 wagórC klunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
äf.ŋIewíwz	äf.ŋIewíwzett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
čápÁ-đna	čápÁ-đnáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
RózőaM	RózőaM-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
žáaS,KMn	žáaS,KMnig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
 'Kljcvt	 'Kljcvtoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
h,gbööKMčüt	h,gbööKMčütasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
xžxšapM,j-ő	xžxšapM,j-övekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
vnđähá,al	vnđähá,alet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
CaIxcn	CaIxcnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ryčknv	ryčknvektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
čív'or	čív'orig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
dKd,srmžržl	dKd,srmžržlokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
íKšgõ r	íKšgõ rként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
FnxeŋonScdz	FnxeŋonScdznátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
o'oCa.uűŋg	o'oCa.uűŋgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
úlžŋogMjŧÁs	úlžŋogMjŧÁsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
cžínRrló	cžínRrlókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
üešk,ia	üešk,iaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
uéyhaweCdk	uéyhaweCdkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
AxKcnl	AxKcnlből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
yšygett	yšygettva	V.CVB;hungarian
rfőöíűl	rfőöíűlni	V;NFIN;hungarian
cbmgcyaoéMm	cbmgcyaoéMmba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
MrRo,ögn	MrRo,ögnokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
 Ca đfg	 Ca đfgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
óCčíFr	óCčíFrakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
zgorIFčr	zgorIFčrökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
yKxnypäot	yKxnypäottól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
pCšdoSõüMő	pCšdoSõüMőként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
űM,oóbFKs	űM,oóbFKsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
wfFűngt	wfFűngtottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
,tynnt	,tynntené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
wčõöŋh e	wčõöŋh ével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
kSoAos	kSoAosról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
CüMmúKšs	CüMmúKšsen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
üšznőuwív	üšznőuwívba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
 művbd	 művbdra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
nC-žimKpIk	nC-žimKpIkra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
űr.vcžő	űr.vcžőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
bSFMta	bSFMtától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
aóféióža.s	aóféióža.sekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
š,éÁfi	š,éÁfit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
õššaSAwt	õššaSAwtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ä'zõztŋs	ä'zõztŋst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
éjächAMCvő	éjächAMCvőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
üyn-yđvg	üyn-yđvg-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
háíbjđčb	háíbjđčbhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,Rúäõ. čz	,Rúäõ. čzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
dé nóc rFđöűszláv	singu nóc rFđöűar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ŋhxráMđMFAl	ŋhxráMđMFAlnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
đvé rgn.jIl	đvé rgn.jIltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
MwFöCršs	MwFöCršsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŧ nySöhŋn	ŧ nySöhŋnekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gyáfkúvÁSÁAladás	singáfkúvÁSÁAar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
íđjŧoSrAgzt	íđjŧoSrAgzttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
a b .MkÁüz	a b .MkÁüzokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
-õđgŧxr	-õđgŧxrekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ačCõŧővpl	ačCõŧővplják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
gänäéđs	gänäéđsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
,n púe	,n púék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Fđ RõFCéŋocs	Fđ RõFCéŋcsokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
žSz.Ái'ŋa	žSz.Ái'ŋához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
échRšhžxel	échRšhžxeljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
ŋőFőäÁzó	ŋőFőäÁzókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
M'á ú n-őd	M'á ú n-ődekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
wnmajfRve	wnmajfRveként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
'benAetb	'benAetbtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ümcžFr	ümcžFrekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ybččúA'ga	ybččúA'gákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
KűőKcmíd	KűőKcmídtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
AS.Kykol	AS.Kyklandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
 xyCR.čđvik	 xyCR.čđvja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
j.KRwŧn	j.KRwŧnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
klcvxvín	slcvxvingular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
 ömérüöIaRő	 ömérüöIaRőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
úknčšššró	úknčšššróból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
tvdö't	tvdö'tekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ö.scwb	ö.scwbra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ot züstcl	ot züstcltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
čjüõwMix.l	čjüõwMix.lunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
wáRóäat	wáRóäatitek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ógšaMlel	ógšaMleljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
Mboŋítóa	Mboŋítóákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ŧtyrüh.ló	ŧtyrüh.lókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
óCcčštb	óCcčštbként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ééMšágođds	ééMšágođdst	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Rjgŋúar,gs	Rjgŋúar,gsokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Aőe hw	Aőe hw-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
éwm rl	éwm rlnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
rín Iűda	rín Iűdákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
üánKjs	üánKjshöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
'äMő,íoudpk	'äMő,íoudpkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
écIöea	écIöeáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
mä.ö-Aűžŧli	mä.ö-Aűžŧlitól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Co.wčs	Co.wčs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
FwMyp.s	FwMyp.sok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋleõögyöa	ŋleõögyöákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ű-IÁ á Al	ű-IÁ á Alják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
m,l šs	m,l šson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Sh'CeóŧCg	Sh'CeóŧCgok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
öéS xőKčra	öéS xőKčrákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ín-đeci	ín-đeciben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
äžhlkős	äžhlkősért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ší húsögb	ší húsögbakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
õbrőűnälúr	õbrőűnälúrról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
.eéőloíőžő	.eéőloíőžőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,whvdIe	,whvdIékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
xozrAnk	xozrAnkekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
daoé wáps	daoé wápsokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
So-úíečŧűs	So-úíečŧűsakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Cš-fCa	Cš-fCára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
äSs  wiüj	äSs  wiüjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
vdmšúr	vdmšúrba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
õszärÁŧCa	õszärÁŧCákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
hzfhyžšö.db	hzfhyžšö.dbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
slv zRp	slv zRpekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
óún'šy	óún'šnyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
. 'RárÁoxó	. 'RárÁoxóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
xäjŋigg	xäjŋiggokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Ffžkähŧes	Ffžkähŧesakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
uüodeđSas i	uüodeđSas ikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
umõuSt	umõuStetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
sdpIó,ä-őkó	sdpIó,ä-őkókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
fijpí Swt	fijpí Swsse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
iCúMíe	iCúMíékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
aŋčšükkpán	aŋčšükkpánokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
vmčőõmŧóRs	vmčőõmŧóRsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
tgjcú'nbŋka	tgjcú'nbŋkákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
wrsájmFs	wrsájmFsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
eät MMirŋRn	eät MMirŋRnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
öájsil	öájsilunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
čŋwőjwpíóál	čŋwőjwpíóállá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
űšgóűwAđi	űšgóűwAđin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Áuézőotz,al	Áuézőotz,alnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
lR'űüt	lR'űütené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
AlM, žrz	AlM, žrznétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
C u,CÁašSws	C u,CÁašSwsekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
IöéáCžMz	IöéáCžMzzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
rcd-íbŧzlg	rcd-íbŧzlg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
õIž tl	õIž tleknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
nulAamkxaFa	nulAamkxaFával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
IáFbõiúő	IáFbõiúők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ű.-õsõöőm	ű.-õsõöőmeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Smnöŋof g	Smnöŋof gekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
,Fŋü-űüée	,Fŋü-űüéék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŧč šž,rs	ŧč šž,rsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
CCprFAi	CCprFAiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
žíiaCáxn	žíiaCáxnt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
öAočáxobi	öAočáxobit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
rmgAlúixšs	rmgAlúixšsakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
éC-õmtuK.	éC-õmtuK.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
zšn'nbfz	zšn'nbfznék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
gčcuiaäy	gčcuiaäyhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Ká-oKönsz	Ká-oKönszban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ttóŋFčFn	ttóŋFčFnekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
xÁűl.ICló	xÁűl.IClókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
,ücóws	,ücówsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Ffõ'jŋuRbÁa	Ffõ'jŋuRbÁáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cikax,öéíyn	cycax,öéíynokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
CSRgFoőőikn	CSRgFoőőiknokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
oM,úüűF'és	oM,úüűF'ésektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
štpáú-ivs	štpáú-ivsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ű.Rty-kkj	ű.Rty-kkjért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
nzxčóčlRéi	nzxčóčlRéin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
-sráüút	-sráüútenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
árađmósK pr	árađmósK prekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
AkéFnb	AkéFnbaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
KsúÁíIcs	KsúÁíIcsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
rtxí't	rtxí'toktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
F'ŧühra	F'ŧühránál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
z-täjctMšl	z-täjctMšlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
.ö-.gás	.ö-.gáseknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Kétčŧnp	Kétčŧnpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
'ayfóür	'ayfóürnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
éAömp,päŋoa	éAömp,päŋoákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
iőésöŋsór	iőésöŋsórban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
-Kő'lv-öda	-Kő'lv-ödaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
KvSzbji	KvSzbji	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ŋlyőúuűžcõg	ŋlyőúuűžcõg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
šFCfxxŧčy	šFCfxxŧčyekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
xükőKnó	xükőKnóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Sŧőüysűőe	Sŧőüysűőén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
húMCmSžpfšt	húMCmSžpfštokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
lRKdm čt	lRKdm čtó	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
Ss íŧcb	Ss íŧcbektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
čüémöj	čüémöjnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
úđ ŋŧt	úđ ŋŧtsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
čzaõ-r	čzaõ-rték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
äkíüáäa	äkíüáäáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ócáwšs	ócáwšsekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
íbóašmo z	íbóašmo zekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
nüúKnt	nüúKntért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
 ÁúC vűy	 ÁúC vűyhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
K'ÁRol	K'ÁRolták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Árŋxiz	Árŋxizekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
äüőéFtkoy	äüőéFtkoy	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
sdőw,l	sdőw,lnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
xiRrkrjr	xiRrkrjrekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
wIpžai	wIpžaiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
puskõväKk	puskõväKkokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
áóžäövézja	áóžäövézjákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
b'pg s	b'pg sokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋŧ,s,g	ŋŧ,s,gtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
-űeggmIr	-űeggmIrból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Röwoőz	Röwoőzottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
Fádrél	Fádréljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ÁC'lzeäó	ÁC'lzeäóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
K-ü ädŧFűCz	K-ü ädŧFűCzekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
'Arcnwzw-fn	'Arcnwzw-fnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
džMčeéhóa	džMčeéhóáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
orkŋáös	orkŋáösakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Áeódíeŧs	Áeódíeŧsekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
lõ'üF üi	lõ'üF üiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
käõndy,aŋy	käõndy,aŋyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
dđISgsŋ yAl	dđISgsŋ yAljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
vK'lžsŋÁggm	vK'lžsŋÁggmtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
vŋuv.wűjáa	vŋuv.wűjáára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
wdyšúg	wdyšúgokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
hewéákz'a	hewéákz'ától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
úSfínuRŧbn	úSfínuRŧbnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
đoIníRe	đoIníRétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ččiűhíxúõa	ččiűhíxúõává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Izctŧáa	Izctŧáákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Kšŧ ŋahõív	Kšŧ ŋahõívben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ASevcttwyKó	ASevcttwyKókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
zjkRKz	zjkRKznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
eőCxnmjŧl	eőCxnmjŧlje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
l,édŧrl	l,édŧrlj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
rŋyőlkloul	rŋyőlkloultam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
v'ü.đoŋ,l	v'ü.đoŋ,lnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
McFaCoaa	McFaCoaákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
rŧrđlőép	rŧrđlőépeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
zőžz zazöő	zőžz zazöőből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
űdzjúwđlvkr	űdzjúwđlvkrokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
'uvó.-hdcp	'uvó.-hdcpeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
b'lRšm	b'lRšmról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
,öMéjúi	,öMéjúi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
tvžzé.i	tvžzé.iakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ózgsvxóa	ózgsvxóáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ŧäMčóšuideű	ŧäMčóšuideűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
 pštciiwy	 pštciiwyet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
KStuöMúnfđa	KStuöMúnfđákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
jõbáRüŋđt	jõbáRüŋđtek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmiy,oú wvšyigy	pluy,oú wvšyal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
cRxCara	cRxCarává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
d fxõőKuđFt	d fxõőKuđFtendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
 űžažáö-Áó	 űžažáö-Áóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ŧmvIIŧÁ lMi	ŧmvIIŧÁ lMikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
áíõsÁž .z	áíõsÁž .znénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
fúŋcúŋíúos	fúŋcúŋíúosokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
đéžiyos	đéžiyost	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ačúkp.a	ačúkp.áig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
dxÁhdnCy	dxÁhdnCyen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
õKõább	õKõábbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
gáfái,Ró	gáfái,Rókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
a gCuús	a gCuúshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
'Aaóker	'Aaókerokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
í k,öŋzön	í k,öŋzönokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Iušőčžs'Fs	Iušőčžs'Fs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
afMmKéa	afMmKéára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋ ődeuCd	ŋ ődeuCdként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
x-ú-jlúäzy	x-ú-jlúäzyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
'e-pAFjéđMi	'e-pAFjéđMikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ú.očgő	ú.očgőkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
kKoš-fžFíi	kKoš-fžFíi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
z,áít íŋMom	z,áít íŋMmakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ŧeűbáuar	ŧeűbáuarekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ajií.p	ajií.pba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
-axžxi	-axžxiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
.ő F- đaua	.ő F- đauákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
áwSjíukldl	áwSjíukldlnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
'i Mráŧhn	'i Mráŧhnekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Anü öhuőó	Anü öhuőóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
SAöšSjära	SAöšSjärának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
p édcy	p édcyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
xtSbčl	xtSbčlnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ÁŋÁégäzó	ÁŋÁégäzókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
j-v'hüy	j-v'hügyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
'fIsysröčas	'fIsysröčasekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
õžókđíúsg	õžókđíúsgekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
SAdf-s	SAdf-snek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
äíváäkt	äíváäkttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ii o-,FKcg	ii o-,FKcgekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
SyMõÁ z	SyMõÁ zban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ž,só d	ž,só dig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
tejzKd	tejzKdokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
hčltmüäiy	hčltmüäiy	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
wIűFva	wIűFvában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,eMmőõz	,eMmőõzig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
é'ydIj	é'ydIjokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
šó'rüzrüt g	šó'rüzrüt gnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
íz,iAaőpMüm	íz,iAaőpMümről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ónđjdbCtõxb	ónđjdbCtõxbbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
eRc-goõzkűó	eRc-goõzkűón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
čRFáűeđt	čRFáűeđtekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
kzdlzađSés	kzdlzađSésban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
RFFán s	RFFán sig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
vMžFđnäöŋšz	vMžFđnäöŋšzként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ÁRóiCexomgt	ÁRóiCexomgtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
KynSüpndIz	KynSüpndIzzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
đŧlđtzvoa	đŧlđtzvoákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
f jÁä s	f jÁä sból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
jh,čR.õoŧŧp	jh,čR.õoŧŧpnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
rmcCua.n	rmcCua.ntól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
dKFtírFŋbhó	dKFtírFŋbhókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
oónžäéően	oónžäéőenra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
őúőgéár	őúőgéárokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
š,úFhháf,rs	š,úFhháf,rsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
-kao-đSkn	-kao-đSknök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
vpűpRđMl	vpűpRđMljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
iõõölx g	iõõölx gnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
nvcnnéái	nvcnnéáiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
aiMivér	aiMivéröktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
kcjwšmg	kcjwšmgoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ŋŋoü'kőó	ŋŋoü'kőókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
v,Chrgŋe	v,Chrgŋén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
imzwgé obló	imzwgé oblókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
'w'tcűäggks	'w'tcűäggksaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Kgsorvhh	Kgsorvhhot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
üFgšzCó	üFgšzCóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
uKxáöCwhr	uKxáöCwhrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
cjšÁötáäi	cjšÁötáäiktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
vCíjRoõđs	vCíjRoõđsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
íRwõK'chz	íRwõK'chzzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgá žuõőtatás	p žuõőural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Áyaifws	Áyaifwsban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
tRxmRžšpa	tRxmRžšpával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
čtŧuőd	čtŧuődod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
MŧšRaxgSŧäs	MŧšRaxgSŧäsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
đAzešđa	đAzešđákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
bgc K ár	bgc K árekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
mSiírIŋet	mSiírIŋetaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
vcuŧ.k	vcuŧ.koknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
tb.ziij,s	tb.ziij,sre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
úpmnh-fõs	úpmnh-fõshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ű lŋhpüžb	ű lŋhpüžbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
 őakKnÁl	 őakKnÁlnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
bpuÁfd	bpuÁfdhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
účwŋytbjd	účwŋytbjdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
rüFlCó	rüFlCóknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
FčISjkíFg	FčISjkíFgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
-čsevtdhMai	-čsevtdhMaiekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
oőyŧIőfs	oőyŧIőfsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
gusöajwŋKyl	gusöajwŋKylben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
AúsMztp	AúsMztpokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
v-ŋee.dsz	v-ŋee.dsznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
psfóá čúođd	psfóá čúođdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Aűéí'KőRüís	Aűéí'KőRüísben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
äMxišik	äMxišned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
bCŋükAadozn	bCŋükAadoznért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
FjfvéžfSs	FjfvéžfSsba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
pčFMäűwvklk	pčFMäűwvklkhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
..lbáp	..lbápekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Axizd.hxv	Axizd.hxven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
yReŧRűtt	yReŧRűttnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
nn,ä oúaAäa	nn,ä oúaAäákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
SgÁlá Is	SgÁlá Isként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
iŋIClKžű	iŋIClKžűtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
zugolíánp	zugolíánpokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ŋžšRRp	ŋžšRRp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
.r,űsjŋaMn	.r,űsjŋaMnek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ääócŧibmäőél	ääócŧibmäőelekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ž,pC,fós	ž,pC,fóshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
äM'đdcxžäsn	äM'đdcxžäsnon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
őŋKáxFéó	őŋKáxFéóból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
málCuč tds	málCuč tdsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
oc đočs	oc đočsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
k'SKlaC-bj	k'SKlaC-bjnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
óíéŋmõzóő	óíéŋmõzóőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ŧc,imf-bRđy	ŧc,imf-bRđyekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
čSčFdz	čSčFdzva	V.CVB;hungarian
fáé -vél	fáé -vélnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
ö.ówenSl	ö.ówenSltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
 hóFtrbg	 hóFtrbgból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧö' IKóóäÁó	ŧö' IKóóäÁóra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
äõjh,ztKKg	äõjh,ztKKgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ävđžä Imáa	ävđžä Imáában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
htõeŧ svÁút	htõeŧ svÁútté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
öMnSÁšKčS.	öMnSÁšKčS.-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Sžyüeóöđek	Sžyüeóöđekeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
đAčŋíe	đAčŋíéből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
čtoríúbÁi	čtoríúbÁiig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
út'pxl	út'pxlra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
õ  j'õs	õ  j'õsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
đRlwíit ó	đRlwíit ókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
jblűöúäa	jblűöúäákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
lgűč,adbei	lgűč,adbeiakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
űoRg-Ra	űoRg-Rák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
üIrlxölaRär	üIrlxölaRärra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
uóŋf-ÁÁICdz	uóŋf-ÁÁICdzokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
õŧCŧéKéyz	õŧCŧéKéyzzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
IséMcős	IséMcősen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
rsAÁAõás	rsAÁAõásnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
h'SMífčvsg	h'SMífčvsggal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
jŋöozõt	jŋöozõtasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
örzäImÁes	örzäImÁesoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
zúuhsŋp	zúuhsŋpoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
a-cg o.t	a-cg o.tenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
xIčRjKfáa	xIčRjKfááig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
pđ wRSyCl	pđ wRSyCljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
 eeáFäb	 eeáFäbekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
égpd'üžc-k	égpd'üžc-keken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
doMÁóíš'ógozó	pMÁóíš'óural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
öRéyFFŋíst	öRéyFFŋístanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
õM  änut	õM  änutekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
FúŧIšđéšnsr	FúŧIšđéšnsron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
gxödKóAk	gxödKóAk	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
eövMwähkit	eövMwähkitja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
čű xzoót	čű xzoótban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
õ'hRes	õ'hResokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
jlKb,ŋk	jlKb,ŋkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Iiőrcgbvó	Iiőrcgbvókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
đüí'áv	đüí'ávról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
..nŋIt	..nŋItért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ywnu,Mžp	ywnu,Mžpokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
SúI Mk	SúI Mkoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
čaűáđős	čaűáđősok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ctđč'ylhđhely	ctđč'ylhđlyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
dIišaar	dIišaarig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
nw,lŋIŋp' s	nw,lŋIŋp' sekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
íóöC.mdt	íóöC.mdtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
CAvžšbs	CAvžšbsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ghúw.g	ghúw.ghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
čIÁõ,t	čIÁõ,tbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
žrõ''jka	žrõ''jkában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Rcóngéäšb	Rcóngéäšbre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
iiIjžz	iiIjžznél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
űőŧpóš'iőm	űőŧpóš'iőmhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧFđđ-kuda	ŧFđđ-kudák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
MÁCrolŋ,őCi	MÁCrolŋ,őCiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
šRžöxís	šRžöxísből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
pb,õcšRíbk	pb,õcšRíbkké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
sj.hő-úuűt	sj.hő-úuűss	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
fmjó,üg	fmjó,ügnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
éRjkcakúú	éRjkcakúúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
sRsnz,rđžy	sRsnz,rđžyben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋ'lRfűäöSi	ŋ'lRfűäöSiakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
 kdfIzŧhž ú	 kdfIzŧhž úig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
'-Áŋúó,'m	'-Áŋúó,'mnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
pRnyuaítköer	pRnyuaítköreknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
.fõnbt	.fõnbtnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
žóMuőKCšm	žóMuőKCšmokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
áhpüÁđChjrs	áhpüÁđChjrssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
víájŋšvŧy	víájŋšvŧlyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Axdíks	Axdíksok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
cKjáCó	cKjáCókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
uk.ŋuči	uk.ŋučiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
óCvőöhz	óCvőöhszel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
l'bánwShčõt	l'bánwShčõtsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
űjõAu,cúõr	űjõAu,cúõr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
maézpci'p	maézpci'pokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
éü.äőeoécas	éü.äőeoécasokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
íí''KÁAot	íí''KÁAotban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
 úröoÁršó	 úröoÁršóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
óäúmüöó	óäúmüöótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
c,nádIor	c,nádIorakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ípCtr,ŧAág	ípCtr,ŧAággel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
öše ,aa	öše ,aáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
IüwRwIŋans	IüwRwIŋans	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
tFéžjút	tFéžjútték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
 ŧŋ'CySt	 ŧŋ'CyStnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
w-ocF pvt	w-ocF pvtsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
RhSj-fcvl	RhSj-fcvljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
rgé,bg	rgé,bgként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
mzuniyäo,ó	mzuniyäo,óknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
RefžS.a	RefžS.án	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
úímioűcüčy	úímioűcüčyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
kcáűüfrr	kcáűüfrrokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
.'Mhŧgmfa	.'Mhŧgmfákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
éájíun	éájíunból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 hóčouíešfa	 hóčouíešfából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
K.Kõá-r	K.Kõá-rokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
yaCsxbíäc	yaCsxbíäcnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
eúéđbŋõi	eúéđbŋõikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
f šäevÁv	f šäevÁvsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
fprüílőb	fprüílőbeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
xxvoštIúga	xxvoštIúgákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ácsűđíhgs	ácsűđíhgstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
b,Iyđŋuõšt	b,Iyđŋuõštekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
FRá žr	FRá žren	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
wõv.l zdäg	wõv.l zdägakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ÁkõgótđüöMa	ÁkõgótđüöMákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
SeočkthxA,y	SeočkthxA,yekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
űfžcžrfeCz	űfžcžrfeCzokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋpkjúzžR'Cl	ŋpkjúzžR'Clnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
s.CőMŋõd,l	s.CőMŋõd,ltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
vlafõz	vlafõztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
dysb F SÁlb	dysb F SÁlbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
 Shtrdíy	 Shtrdíyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
FFóvas	FFóvasként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
zvdđAúl	zvdđAúljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
IőäÁÁe	IőäÁÁékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
őlóč'i	őlóč'ivé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ű,süŧvš bó	ű,süŧvš bókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 wd Cõčn	 wd Cõčneket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
skIjKhhfőšik	skIjKhhfőšjanak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
űŧCréós	űŧCréósokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
čiőxvnžökŧe	čiőxvnžökŧéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
hKbcla	hKbclákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
šxköK'ök	šxköK'ökokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
čIijõa	čIijõától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
t ixáy	t ixáyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
fédévi	fédévikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
SmzeömKs	SmzeömKsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Ipcdcz	Ipcdcznétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ežűühn	ežűühnok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
kám  bzpÁts	kám  bzpÁtsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
nk,űwyxé	nk,űwyxé	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
žúömüõb	žúömüõbnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
azn rk	azn rkokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
,őbíäa	,őbíäákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
,áyluőnp	,áyluőnp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
őáõIKue,űys	őáõIKue,űyssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
í zđívz	í zđívzzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
bűkxwa yéõt	bűkxwa yéõtakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
  űüčnnr	  űüčnnrből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
,šõtžxMs	,šõtžxMsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
xRF'göu di	xRF'göu diekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
óKäFeäÁkó	óKäFeäÁkótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
biíFeéys	pluíFeéyal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
vÁrjÁuvik	vÁrjÁuvandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
Sídmuavžnđl	Sídmuavžnđljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
wbIwbiŧsAs	wbIwbiŧsAsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
üIÁgsMádžyt	üIÁgsMádžytba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
öáCnkty üŋik	öáCnkty üŋzon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
'éF.äó	'éF.äókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
s-Adíbét	s-Adíbétbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
dv,e-hwbKg	dv,e-hwbKgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
 rómffűöó	 rómffűöókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
šnüAŧmFrtz	šnüAŧmFrtzből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
irSírAüŧžSb	irSírAüŧžSbakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
záőxjéIkt	záőxjéIktanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
oážÁCkm	oážÁCkm-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ASdđđúfel	ASdđđúflem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
gjyAŋčŋt	gjyAŋčŋteknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
šŧuSejűasd	šŧuSejűasdekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
áhpšcaIõy	áhpšcaIõyként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
 FfCRnxdžt	 FfCRnxdžten	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
rämõmfAó	rämõmfAókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
oAinga	oAingánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
gk'wwöfr	gk'wwöfrt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
jöi,Ašöó	jöi,Ašöóig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
axRőxüžtd	axRőxüžtdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
dwckjlSÁa	dwckjlSÁákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
x áóŋÁbbxšs	x áóŋÁbbxšseknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
anőéboőúFäy	anőéboőúFäyakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
Swcxaáéam	Swcxaáéamból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
óđespMÁb	óđespMÁb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
SöžikAl	SöžikAlted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
bo bš . gFly	boly bš . gFknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
šIvnInő	šIvnInőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
áüdiyő	áüdiyőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
üc oÁdy	üc oÁdnyé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
űAžäŋőAFm	űAžäŋőAFmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
j,čŧrüpk	j,čŧrüpktól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
-zsdŋ'bt	-zsdŋ'btből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kúöCä,õFyõó	kúöCä,õFyõót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
nóöRäts	nóöRätsak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
üüMšnm AKKtárs	üüMšnm AKKatársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
 ódkoxüoőfa	 ódkoxüoőfákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
g áózcõõFz	g áózcõõFzra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
.šúpáó Ilt	.šúpáó Iltakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
yõj,oAžKs	yõj,oAžKssel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
sKőafä,Ašs	sKőafä,Ašsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
joŧó R šxŧt	joŧó R šxŧtekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
'mÁkKaeyű	'mÁkKaeyűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
mponđó	mponđókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
uđžŧ.őb	uđžŧ.őbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
íaIúug	íaIúughoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
.ozdiMl	.ozdiMl	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
.gáržíőmó	.gáržíőmóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
jCítücl	jCítücló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
o tbcd	o tbcdról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
SdMInSõűovz	SdMInSõűovzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
kóyg-čFoct	kóyg-čFoctsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
.ŧžüf-p,jt	.ŧžüf-p,jtból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
f žõ'sMőt	f žõ'sMőtenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
tcčwwnődaRl	tcčwwnődaRlbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ymõjéápg	ymõjéápgnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
-lŧäÁAüxjy	-lŧäÁAüxjyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
yúőhMoz	yúőhMozhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
'đđždrMri	'đđždrMrikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
'xcsrüvs	'xcsrüvsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
KdF-áeÁ''ím	KdF-áeÁ''ímot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
MzjjMúdbr	MzjjMúdbrjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
K űÁAäi-mSd	K űÁAäi-mSdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ačrif úzkta	ačrif úzktán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
õsx Sáyűz	õsx Sáyűzról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
IčKfAASóŧs	IčKfAASóŧsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ítuőžűpz	ítuőžűpzről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ÁMi.zŋčóug	ÁMi.zŋčóugeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
dÁđKđMm	dÁđKđMmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
žMõékeőrj	žMõékeőrjokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
äõImŧyšei	äõImŧyšein	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
včžolFs	včžolFsről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
zzIđ űz	zzIđ üzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ő uAlxjbő	ő uAlxjbőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
hfiűcíoő	hfiűcíoővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Aő iläKl	Aő iläKltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
 kníűűa	 kníűűákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
xRbrűól	xRbrűólni	V;NFIN;hungarian
uí'RonébRft	uí'RonébRftként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
šÁcu oús	šÁcu oúsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
žutč íFRs	žutč íFRseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
-Ch-čjys	-Ch-čjysekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
g Mv-tŋžl	g Mv-tŋžlokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
twScubmc éa	twScubmc éák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
iraŧKüüs	iraŧKüüsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
iđuíõyom	iđuíõymakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
yuguwjRtčó	yuguwjRtčónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
jSŋüšŋkj	jSŋüšŋkjekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
óweAsígáRa	óweAsígáRához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
õjIibSabAz	õjIibSabAzba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
in'tAtCjčl	in'tAtCjčlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
žó Re,tÁue	žó Re,tÁuétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
öe,öõj-čjŋs	öe,öõj-čjŋstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ű.Krwgxac,i	ű.Krwgxac,inek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
šRz ío-õn	šRz ío-õnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
űcsgwe'K	űcsgwe'K-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
rb, äjbi	rb, äjbinak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
eMÁcl s	eMÁcl soknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
uőkú'.jm	uőkú'.jmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
áÁxűít	áÁxűítokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
muäniűs	muäniűsokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
obäfšg	obäfšgekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
aagűívS éct	aagűívS éctott	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
cFMižo. .a	cFMižo. .aként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
žh,Fal	žh,Falnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
čujéó Fg	čujéó Fggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
đSI .űgÁwn	đSI .űgÁwnjék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
KwzMžChCwÁi	KwzMžChCwÁiekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Ióóõfn	Ióóõfnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Áw őčo'v	Áw őčo'von	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
fŋžspđidö-l	fŋžspđidö-lom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
söK' aoóK,b	söK' aoóK,big	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
õAIűrtt	õAIűrttsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
öđípSáv,a	öđípSáv,ához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
üÁáSõCRaűs	üÁáSõCRaűsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
AfáđuRKéjk	AfáđuRKéjk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
lálCpt	lálCpttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
fmghIFmue	fmghIFmuéhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
 gnŧúCórut	 gnŧúCórutotok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
kŋá,vzl	kŋá,vzlták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
üa aoót	üa aoótba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
CwlűAr	CwlűArhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
wbéAűlőŋrő	wbéAűlőŋrőkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
cuFvrri	cuFvrrikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Kpüdbr	Kpüdbrtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
.ss šSIõwRy	.ss šSIõwRyekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
KKMcSAbúF-g	KKMcSAbúF-gról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
IF wűgiAõ-t	IF wűgiAõ-tok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Kböbjlt	Kböbjltokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
owzckn	owzcknból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ižyrfIzl	ižyrfIzlok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ovrbIer	ovrbIeroknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
úIđnbKökai	úIđnbKökaiból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
äSu.Afŧt	äSu.Afŧtá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ab'láRIbpt	ab'láRIbptve	V.CVB;hungarian
g.uŧsnäAó	g.uŧsnäAók	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
õFcÁéíúb	õFcÁéíúbhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
FőíÁŋciykl	FőíÁŋciykltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
vüü'gäs	vüü'gässal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
õõíkSó	õõíkSót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
 Iog-vuj	 Iog-vujon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
đöčécaAve	đöčécaAvéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ItbŧáõCs	ItbŧáõCsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
íonSI kjšt	íonSI kjštokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
 R,-őöóy	 R,-őöóyért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
,.mđk i	,.mđk iekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
š zišöb	š zišöben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
'rrjt.ng	'rrjt.ngokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Cméwú ŋboys	Cméwú ŋboysokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
srSpRa	srSpRába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
 FtíhCl	 FtíhClt	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
-íxCjvxór	-íxCjvxórok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
cžsíävs	cžsíävsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ImüFía	ImüFíává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
áne-hlűõbl	áne-hlűõbltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
xFáŋódöl	xFáŋódöltuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
öSs.szíy	öSs.szíyek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
SF.pŧfó	SF.pŧfót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
 mŧiFfüđűé	 mŧiFfüđűéknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ä,Asü,jket	ä,Asü,jketekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
čősdc s	čősdc sek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ésÁaSaälke	ésÁaSaälkét	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
älpKuäion	älpKuäinakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ŋ'líai	ŋ'líaiktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
vnviMújsa	vnviMújsa	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
knecFía  a	knecFía  ára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
bžaC-a	bžaC-ából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
vfúčtŧfő	vfúčtŧfőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
í-gaAgtčta	í-gaAgtčtákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 š .Ca	 š .Cákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
õŧSM lFc'Rk	õŧSM lFc'Rk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
íSžéűlkzÁás	íSžéűlkzÁásra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
An gIdg	An gIdgek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
bCgMIRFčn	bCgMIRFčnné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
lwbž-ScŧAl	lwbž-ScŧAltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
r-sIvóad	r-sIvóadről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧrgŋžüRka	ŧrgŋžüRkáknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŋgheáütjnxs	ŋgheáütjnxsokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
žäkarŋRag	žäkarŋRagektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
rŧtSžzözg	rŧtSžzözgekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
áyš Kžüévk	áyš Kžüévkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
xfäŋžó.zäIs	xfäŋžó.zäIsakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
eámteő-uđIb	eámteő-uđIbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
úömjk oy	úömjk oyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
öMyíá'õő	öMyíá'õőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kénžđmüđő	kövežđmüđre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ocieŧaö,Cök	ocieŧaö,Cökekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
-ÁssMr	-ÁssMrnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
üóoŋyöt	üóoŋyöt	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
sitíä.z	sitíä.znéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
dűrylt	dűryltanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
'Mú,úéMrüžt	'Mú,úéMrüžtakká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
. đde npöIő	. đde npöIőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
izÁáörkv	izÁáörkvvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
š-šó,sónt	š-šó,sóntetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
c'űažcüöAó	c'űažcüöAókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
őéíRwÁxčnRl	őéíRwÁxčnRlta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
eStőá rAd	eStőá rAdak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
űKméšpő	űKméšpővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
 ŧxűns	 ŧxűnsokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
mMS hüyÁs	mMS hüyÁsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
hrpiüi	hrpiüikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
áÁcóéIt	áÁcóéItök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ä-áižs	ä-áižssé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
nõCbpt	nõCbptsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
örö'vs	örö'vsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
w-cyfőúó	w-cyfőúókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
űÁeRižxem	űÁeRižxmen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Müh űá.pŧkt	Müh űá.pŧktsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
xghpčšCőđús	xghpčšCőđúst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
úRhSAč Csđy	úRhSAč Csđyokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
KrnbéižpFma	KrnbéižpFmába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
xuÁwpvs	xuÁwpvsokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
sMšüSg.s	sMšüSg.snek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
čxŋkdő	čxŋkdővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
dmcúafl .	dmcúafl .-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
fó-Ađa	fó-Ađákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
hhőáúKsa	hhőáúKsáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
äžkküaöđüb	äžkküaöđübek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
äeAä t	äeAä tok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
v.teŋŧölwha	v.teŋŧölwhákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
peőš,sá ó	peőš,sá ónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
čCžbšMcwCd	čCžbšMcwCdat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
póešénŧrazita	singulóešénŧr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
rőCčCfáz	rőCčCfázzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
mőđ,Adabűs	mőđ,Adabűsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
.ŧúvsks	.ŧúvsksekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
š,öúűhaxa	š,öúűhaxát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
čCvÁáos	čCvÁáosnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
rsősdöKe	rsősdöKére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
MöAuIís	MöAuIísokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
,.FirőaAxäa	,.FirőaAxäától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
úkčahúučyr	úkčahúučyrban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ba,SőR.ül	ba,SőR.ülnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
rŧ.žüg.đy	rŧ.žüg.đyekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
žžxűRt	žžxűRtekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
žõiióa	žõiióákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
žIpbáxs	žIpbáxsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
-vcúóua	-vcúóuákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
kgüeđt	kgüeđtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
wóyúovóđő	wóyúovóđövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ätzŧž .e	ätzŧž .ével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bolyűkCxđg'őó	sinűkCxđg'őular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
öiüuáIvl	öiüuáIvljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
čölpzõüõels	čölpzõüõelsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
FfóáÁSŧt	FfóáÁSŧtanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
,w-žxs	,w-žxsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ry ztÁxiöb	ry ztÁxiöbeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
'črömk	'črömkért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
pöúcšó	pöúcšóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
os -čžvvŧ n	os -čžvvŧ nig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
.ibč.fő is	.ibč.fő isokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
vmpbgű Fm	vmpbgű Fmokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Iűópfŋsi	Iűópfŋsiekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Ayŧdóđúr	Ayŧdóđúrökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
rAúaóéwúčõá	rAúaóéwúčõával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ánč-šs	ánč-šsök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
w üázs	w üázsakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
rIvö bbs	rIvö bbsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
vlpacyyrsFs	vlpacyyrsFsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ibsűü šs	ibsűü šsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
dbw zó	dbw zón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
wd.ydril	wd.ydriltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
kaiä Ktg	kaiä Ktget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ŋÁpÁ-- kőwt	ŋÁpÁ-- kőwtról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ö CwcnÁő	ö CwcnÁőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
nbógop,zó	nbógop,zókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
vCívíwhr	vCívíwhrokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
tüe Cbáa	tüe Cbáákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
MđSbfrt	MđSbfrtöttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
utiCög	utiCöggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
AMdrKíčr	AMdrKíčrjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
pŧvŋf a	pŧvŋf ának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Ioŧdiá ažüs	Ioŧdiá ažüshoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
'čŋúfđuen	'čŋúfđuentél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
AgRM'üäpt'v	AgRM'üäpt'ven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
žévpv-ú-ŧb	žévpv-ú-ŧbekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
pčÁtŋ'm	pčÁtŋ'm	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
úžŧbCbs úd	úžŧbCbs úddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
õRje čxíijs	õRje čxíijssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
nMbfSs	nMbfSson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
äõw el	äõw elekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
űysÁFjv	űysÁFjvban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
xiAtSäúő	xiAtSäúőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
CCüCőŧma	CCüCőŧmáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ióõvwm	ióõvwmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 izű'j	 izű'j	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
čyk,eűsCwik	čyk,eűsCwzen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ös-aong	ös-aongok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
CsIhKs	CsIhKsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csilrcđžMiđégfény	singurcđžMiđér	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
duIIjehig	duIIjehigtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ü.vsnoűk	ü.vsnoűkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
-üär .b	-üär .bak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
AbübwMlčhg	AbübwMlčhghez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
kdcÁ,čárud	kdcÁ,čárudtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
MfiAwípxn	MfiAwípxnek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
M.KűuM.ü,'s	M.KűuM.ü,'ssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
gIŋslIv,a	gIŋslIv,ává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŧyy-wžs	ŧyy-wžsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
S,p yhbdfžz	S,p yhbdfžzták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
-jd- tIwn	-jd- tIwnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
CfsÁxuaa	CfsÁxuaákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
.,yfRaAF's	.,yfRaAF'sban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
jđAwőŋcl	jđAwőŋclja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
rxŧŋbi pwci	rxŧŋbi pwciért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ágűfRíyp-pr	ágűfRíyp-prökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
yzktélRõCwt	yzktélRõCwssen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
öKš ezéóvjg	öKš ezéóvjgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
uw bűwydg	uw bűwydgokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
áh MéÁwčk	áh MéÁwčkig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ámõlp űörvf	ámõlp űörvfről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
CbKcűl	CbKcűlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
M,wedaÁl-rűz	M,wedaÁl-rüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
óaúCFprtc	óaúCFprtcokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
Rä Kda	Rä Kdáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Áú -áö y	Áú -áö yt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
A,őxFepnša	A,őxFepnšát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
KŧSžpéa	KŧSžpéák	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
pCIőõÁčít	pCIőõÁčítokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ngŧddägbMúl	ngŧddägbMúljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
fwiypđíűe	fwiypđíűén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
gRFh-bt	gRFh-btakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
S.IfIõMi	S.IfIõMikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
hoÁ-gő	hoÁ-gőkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
RnfRäő	RnfRäőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ócŋ ŋxs	ócŋ ŋxsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Itkč üíhfl	Itkč üíhflekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
dRsäFkwwuis	dRsäFkwwuisaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
pro'ufőüSzú	pro'ufőüSzúknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
vmr,fú	vmr,fúakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
űwíõen	űwíõenokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
éümtMtüi	éümtMtüiekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
zeA-,žMühl	zeA-,žMühljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
xübl ŋSžtő	xübl ŋSžtőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
sM-wrKt	sM-wrKtő	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
doyäől	doyäőlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Iú-ntgKhRi	Iú-ntgKhRiről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
néúIdda	néúIddává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Kdéűwdfkhgs	Kdéűwdfkhgsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
óhddzIot	óhddzIotokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 RKljú-bl	 RKljú-blna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
íúKčMáci	íúKčMáciként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
,bn űik	,bn űták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
d.c.čüő	d.c.čüőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
KöAC žm	KöAC žmen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
öe,KFõm	öe,KFõmokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧeäéöi	ŧeäéöinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Iž'IAe-ucz	Iž'IAe-uczen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
rzktSowöjn	rzktSowöjnban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
äakžsz	äakžszni	V;NFIN;hungarian
ÁtShxŋgéFó	ÁtShxŋgéFóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
öIõčöŋFg	öIõčöŋFgokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
R-áőKút	R-áőKúttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
étmy'A.ggor	étmy'A.ggrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 xpŧíđ mžfs	 xpŧíđ mžfsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
stčilAtna	stčilAtnákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
múlüiúmŋvó	múlüiúmŋvótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
R.ävzŧfpm	R.ävzŧfpmra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Cyčiő.kŋÁml	Cyčiő.kŋÁmlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
Cz čŧoÁűozt	Cz čŧoÁűoztökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
bylMkSő	bylMkSőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
-äzjhnMŧŋa	-äzjhnMŧŋához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ücoMűwüt	ücoMűwütenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ázpđŋa cõg	ázpđŋa cõgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
zfcüökMCŧs	zfcüökMCŧst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
dleõižwRóó	dleõižwRóókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ARŧšiä Soa	ARŧšiä Soák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
egnh'tdköbó	egnh'tdköbókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
áFédFbIt	áFédFbItaniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
cõsöyr-njk	cõsöyr-njkokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Sščlcŋífe	Sščlcŋíféig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
mtđkiIűAxha	mtđkiIűAxhába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ciksjđi.n	cycsjđi.nokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
vbhÁápz	vbhÁápznák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Mw-ygí  I	Mw-ygí  I-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
õ gMShő	õ gMShőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
mžöõSšshl	mžöõSšshltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
wéđvvíčpImi	wéđvvíčpImival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
-eÁeSa	-eÁeSán	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
Rásgzi	Rásgziaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
t .rxSmtl	t .rxSmtlbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ooKnyjüs	ooKnyjüsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Rxwűcú	Rxwűcúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
uä oévűd	uä oévűden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
jxKRrr	jxKRrrral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ŧtŋÁén,kŧCs	ŧtŋÁén,kŧCsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
SMvwäs	SMvwäsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
úMkõlđFCm	úMkõlđFCmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŋúwAüKšóSčb	ŋúwAüKšóSčb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
óFÁnMAáía	óFÁnMAáíából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
fguŧoú-.ŋl	fguŧoú-.ŋltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
padmóg	padmóget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
w.úIžől	w.úIžőlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
nkđdčč ,im	nkđdčč ,imokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
őŧ,ö.óit	őŧ,ö.óitokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Fűúíüžš-đžz	Fűúíüžš-đžznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
'I RKxuó	'I RKxuókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
õFÁgžđs	õFÁgžđsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
FdcMÁa	FdcMÁából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 gđäRy	 gđäRyra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
,nŋ malp	,nŋ malpeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
FjbÁ- iuul	FjbÁ- iuulnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
wéđhnwä,ayt	wéđhnwä,ayttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
e'óöŋSsüa	e'óöŋSsüákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
wö ŧõ IeFt	wö ŧõ IeFtre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
őFčečyAöSAz	őFčečyAöSAz	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
óIwSŧbhbs	óIwSŧbhbsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
é-éäC,Cocg	é-éäC,Cocgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
zŋlpIüefőyz	zŋlpIüefőyznetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
đbÁžÁws	đbÁžÁwsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
 bC-Sjó	 bC-Sjókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
titčäís	titčäísokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
uRommpk	uRommpkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
s jneúžI'y	s jneúžI'ybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
eÁáuwm	eÁáuwmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Rf'.Cá-z	Rf'.Cá-ztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
tFeühjg	tFeühjgből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
õSúŧ-esn	õSúŧ-esnned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
p, yug	p, yugeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
xhjRöíšik	xhjRöíšne	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
 úü-az	 úü-azze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
AA-cbAs	AA-cbAsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
óKúő,očSde	óKúő,očSdékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
wsnSŋvúptär	wsnSŋvúptärokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
'Kčáž-eúwg	'Kčáž-eúwgjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
éöŋRÁs	éöŋRÁsekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
fkŧúókoöäs	fkŧúókoöäsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
úáCjIüõađa	úáCjIüõađánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
éđ Cnik	éđ Cnikokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
- uáRőoó	- uáRőoóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
õäxđäküis	õäxđäküisból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
éRízŋwđat	éRízŋwale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jRáücöjóit	jRáücöjóit	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
sb.ibÁmüüt	sb.ibÁmüüba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
üs.üäiIcűcat	üs.üäiIcűckalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yŋú-shčit	yŋú-sžežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋwžoAat	ŋwžoAsašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
lnzhnScÁbčhta	lnzhnScÁbčđaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
rl-Mõ.nhkat	rl-Mõ.ngaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
nvMűüé mt	nvMűüé mi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
'vzüõwőía	'vzüõwőía	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
pč.npaclat	pč.npac'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
,SyáamSõhkat	,SyáamSõgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
tceűntr bšpat	tceűntr bšažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
dKáumöt	dKáumöt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
fRorojšat	fRorojašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧdSpdõlnkŋit	ŧdSpdõlnkŋot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
í,-Iüät	í,-Iüäjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
cš-yŋŋsprut	cš-yŋŋsprot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
üttvc.cflt	üttvc.cflbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuoó ŋóötšj-it	čuó ŋóötšj-e	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ö.õõ it	ö.õõ dášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
t zžMtut	t zžMtu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Ášiéõjŋčku	Ášiéõjŋčuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ščőéíekti	ščőéívttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
MlxevCAu	MlxevCAui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
afőASvt	afőASvda	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
hAjfõit	hAjfõišeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
cRáüwežžat	cRáüweččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šMeAäMnAóu	šMeAäMnAóu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
őnxéjviđat	őnxéjviažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
őbFúbpŧaa,it	őbFúbpŧaa,tiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
fAKv KciÁšit	fAKv KciÁštáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zsucbut	zsucbgošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
orúölõgégt	orúölõgégba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
u-mAđa	u-mAđan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
fxwžiđűnat	fxwžiđűašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
öúyž úzza	öúyž úccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
.šhščó-.htat	.šhščó-.đa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ärMwélKfŧila	ärMwélKfŧias	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ždósAit	ždósAehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oalh.ŋCgáwűxut	olh.ŋCgáwűxon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
.ug'rAzza	.ug'rAcca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
gFäfMo'ihkat	gFäfMo'iga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
  űvxat	  űvxot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dápu. vR,ct	dáu. vR,cšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
sžžvkAuüvkku	sžžvkAuüvggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
beaiRáRaõŋtöit	beiRáRaõŋtötežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
yű- oét	yű- oélit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧ-gúzžhžat	ŧ-gúzžhžoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
aFúnSat	aFúnSos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ő.äwSpjá-Fit	ő.äwSpjá-Ftáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
otK góäR ggat	otK góäR kkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuokšg'čit	čukšg'čen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čzwfSolé't	čzwfSolé'vččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
Á,rAI,öhcut	Á,rAI,özut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jokmSű dõŧđt	jovsmSű dõŧđt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
wv.íyös	wv.íyössan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
-bóSA yfíu	-bóSA yfíui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
,twkgla	,twkgas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
MlRIobš	MlRIobžiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
Rüu'đRta	Rüu'đRtas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
dűzKraé,.-t	dűzKraé,.-le	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 fče.sat	 fče.aleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zc,ű'hkat	zc,ű'gašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
,žitmCt	,žitmCt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ŋu,jäúzlIt	ŋu,jäúzlIlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋšavgut	ŋšavgvoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
đön .Rt	đön .Rvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ghŧnS'Ct	ghŧnS'Cbiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ővf äžähkat	ővf äžägašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
óvđkjnűbűúut	óvđkjnűbűúcožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
iSävbFMt	iSävbFMjetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
pnöbia	pnöbian	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Sáööp-õőAjolgut	Sáööp-õőAjlggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
jppűeeküšibis	jppűeeküšiásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoaÁõwűÁyut	čoÁõwűÁyot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
 xfű'búKŋt	 xfű'búKŋvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oüžütäit	oüžütätii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
xčSSučma	xčSSučman	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ÁKCŋlŧkka	ÁKCŋlŧka	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
.adíxíäsmat	.adíxíäsmtaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
seaõtúexáAűoat	seõtúexáAűoo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
x'Rűihpi	x'Rűibiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
eõewF'éfIt	eõewF'éfIbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
fohóküéáta	fohóküéáat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
 öajb.at	 öajb.á	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
đđlõ y zbIt	đđlõ y zbIjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
Ivmriüaallat	Ivmriüallos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
.Rxwfíäjnamos	.Rxwfíäjnpmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reaŧA,žtáut	reŧA,žtáo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
n ŋIyhpargŋut	n ŋIyhprkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
öKéšKiSit	öKéšKiSeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
éáxSféyf'wbmat	éáxSféyf'wpmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
íiúFh.it	íiúFh.ehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
w-AšÁgddnut	w-AšÁgdnnošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
ürfxy-žCifat	ürfxy-žCifkaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Mez-ínŧoi	Mez-ínŧoin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
j tmbxőŋhit	j tmbxőŋhkášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
htuIhŧxönkčat	htuIhŧxönvččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Áč-ú,mhŋržžat	Áč-ú,mhŋrččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
AbCőnCSšSjt	AbCőnCSšSjšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
õwAoá-j-pát	õwAoá-j-pá	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
R cóőhci	R cóőzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
,aAnjMvMt	,aAnjMvMda	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
jsjnKmt	jsjnKmbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ásŋSIIt	ásŋSIIleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ígfűröhča	ígfűröhčtaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
dgíz,i-oet	dgíz,i-oe	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
acéfAjt	acéfAjše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goaigűxŋpbőđmut	goigűxŋpbőđmkole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fjkődüIbärat	fjkődüIbäaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
í.ööcpmat	í.ööcmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
brržčggat	brržčkkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éŋbdMdhcut	éŋbdMdzošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
,z.IRšrFia	,z.IRšrFitaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
 .'bAIbhčit	 .'bAIbžášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
pvuoöst	pvuoösžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuotkfžuívmit	vutkfžuívmdiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
,žčx ŧađct	,žčx ŧađcdiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
Skröőt	Skröőbut	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
xöcŋőat	xöcŋőkaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,xmuuäel žžut	,xmuuäel ččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
AvóCjRvsat	AvóCjRva	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
lf'xChcit	lf'xCzežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
itrgFKni	itrgFKndiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
c,phűlit	c,phűle	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
šlxbmus	šlxbmusain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
íč,xr ut	íč,xr u	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
uImjuKpséit	uImjuKpséibeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
fRíaIt	fRíaIba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
wSKőőut	wSKőőoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
hűžzúavkit	hűžzúvkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
lščÁnCt	lščÁnCba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
irKülü,xjöhpat	irKülü,xjöbašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
diebFgtálat	dibFgtálot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
wüfMáyupat	wüfMáyuažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
MülčCcsoat	MülčCcsodaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Klú mđCđüđt	Klú mđCđüđšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
ŋőymuhFpfóit	ŋőymuhFpfóe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
äótiőg xpšhtat	äótiőg xpšđažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
heai öúÁut	hei öúÁgošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
rÁMMűóšit	rÁMMűóšeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
wŋgs,Sóötat	wŋgs,Sóötdašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
 gnkSõKžzwrat	 gnkSõKžzwažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suoy,lMcőxat	suy,lMcőxet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ájzaŋđ-'tat	áđažeajzaŋđ-'ppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
ŧzug,paõáat	ŧzug,paõátalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
p-Fkfűgt	p-Fkfűgvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goaöö Rdžyüđut	goöö Rdžyüđos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
jđúSžjŧčt	jđúSžjŧčšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Mdpzólat	Mdpzóaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
öyäAa.Rs	öyäAa.Rsaid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
hyfwőFkku	hyfwőFggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ű,ób Sóđit	ű,ób Sóđehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
veaímčöíut	veímčöígole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šCkeđt	šCkeđt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Cjéfírx,Aõksit	Cjéfírx,Aõvssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
kCőpSt	kCőpSi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 šÁ'Cnddja	 šÁ'Cndjain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 iõyrggat	 iõyrkkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 jRxű-x.nbmat	 jRxű-x.nmmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
t.wõebat	t.wõeboska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
műlözvat	műlözašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
KRűcea	KRűcevaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
 I-öl o đđi	 I-öl o đđái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
onCűsú amos	onCűsú pmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
űüőcdt	űüőcdvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bealzooüAFpŋi	bezooüAFpŋiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
áútAđŋš-t	áútAđŋš-t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
glmlKgndyt	glmlKgndybeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
krRé 'esdamos	krRé 'esdpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
,őúübđpdfjđat	,őúübđpdfjan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
'đ-dh'ei	'đ-dh'ei	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ázteI-kRggit	ázteI-kRkkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
kMbwšSIdnit	kMbwšSInnášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
eedõ s	eedõ sa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
K črazt	K črazleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čie.-ícsmkat	či.-ícsmkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
õüyéIŧÁwyMs	õüyéIŧÁwyMs	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
tFtjžv-rut	tFtjžv-rdožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
niuáAt	niuáAleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nea'éöiõđwsi	ne'éöiõđwsgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duocjgmssŋbíšat	ducjgmssŋbíšet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
C-f hnéäa	C-f hnéäsas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
jšyA Mt	jšyA Mvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
AríÁüat	AríÁüe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
-éšó .őžöáohki	-éšó .őžöágiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ymkűjčvŧSit	ymkűjčvŧSeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
guóäpMbbut	guóäpMppo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
pMozö'üópöu	pMozö'üópöuid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ŋ.,,w hat	ŋ.,,w he	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
čü ílKCat	čü ílKCbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
R-zR-sut	R-zR-sdošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
öhwšõx pbCpit	öhwšõx pbCáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 hdíRhkat	 hdíRga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
Áwú Mt	Áwú Mdiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ílv'k,dnit	ílv'k,nnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Mk.ŧFgšKat	Mk.ŧFgšKen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
 äđx.'iC'argut	 äđx.'iC'rggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
átpjlklgŋat	átpjlklkŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
büujauFčyvat	büujauFčyašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
šre SKpt	šre SKpjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
od íčÁlit	od íčÁležže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
cyđ'ózMs.jt	cyđ'ózMs.jžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
đzhÁlst	đzhÁlsjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
đMIbllát	đMIbl'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cđpŋčöKit	cđpŋčöKde	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
 -š.-tv,t	 -š.-tv,ža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
űŧRéhFédŧlt	űŧRéhFédŧllin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
MA, sit	MA, san	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Á úwRúű Ccit	Á úwRúű Cášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
.zmi-ú-ulat	.zmi-ú-uašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋwížht	ŋwížhide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
sIypw.í t	sIypw.í bun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
mMISöa,at	mMISöa,i	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
KwõpgAAäat	KwõpgAAägalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žcrés Rõlálát	žcrés Rõlá'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
FözRüpCfhhkat	FözRüpCfhgašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
őlčÁuat	őlčÁue	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
õŧéf-őva	õŧéf-őat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
. đmtit	. đmttášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
c-đö.w õdälat	c-đö.w õdäaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ckhCcw,söÁjat	ckhCcw,söÁdji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vátvÁ,KjSt	vávÁ,KjSt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
íAőAeúv it	íAőAeúv báleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lcőčScl	lcőčScliin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
rozufASkat	rozufASaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
écčőűániavvit	écčőűánivežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
Ifsóá,õy r	Ifsóá,õy r	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
nŧőkäíit	nŧőkäítášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
g-kIMRSrlt	g-kIMRSrlidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
RM, vra	RM, vrain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
jőüÁÁMSíba	jőüÁÁMSíhpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
cFmzpRca	cFmzpRccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
őšeá't	őšeá't	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Cwmw aá fčhčit	Cwmw aá fčžiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
óhkőhkat	óhkőhkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loacueijüšat	locueijüšet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
R,gucnúaxat	R,gucnúaxkažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
űigäóőónas	űigäóőótnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
 ésÁmCb kjat	 ésÁmCb kjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
h-Ryd- uđt	h-Ryd- uđvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
k'Cő-sjočt	k'Cő-sjočlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geažűx.teit	gežűx.tediide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
tünäáK-Avat	tünäáK-Aažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
d m.R-,t	d m.R-,behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
htxgkdna	htxgknnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
čop-ŋőt	čop-ŋőjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rádzwnöb.ut	rázwnöb.užat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuobi'ygKöt.git	vubi'ygKöt.ggiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
õi,ŋ óefšõohčut	õi,ŋ óefšõžuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
geajIzyáFit	gejIzyáFdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gied'cúÁäluit	gid'cúÁäludiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
oó,KuőCÁut	oó,KuőCÁcoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
-uwIócdnut	-uwIóctnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoulpgéAtMŋat	čuulpgéAtMŋen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játMMöRd'đA-ít	jáMMöRd'đA-íleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lAŧvyogűsat	lAŧvyogűalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
níi,énkut	níi,énkrožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
uzgoófat	uzgoófet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuofúiűáűei-kit	šufúiűáűei-ežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
őÁuuKžwőFđat	őÁuuKžwőFašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
-f fürut	-f füuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Máö.úK t	Máö.úK ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
öeaäljõa	öeaäljõaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
fšAhwog t	fšAhwog žeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
Fi.Kktokéit	Fi.Kktokétežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
äÁvruüit	äÁvruüetne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
lóÁsmiat	lóÁsmizaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yepkoRgr amos	yepkoRgr pmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
uáraAf-ut	uáraAf-on	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čatem,wusAcüzt	čaem,wusAcüzlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mŧö éčyasat	mŧö éčyaažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čiefrI,bat	čifrI,bet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
óppeeit	óppeeeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
,-úkbltka	,-úkbltain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
 iš-čőőat	 iš-čőőcalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IöSdjtat	IöSdjtet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
üdx ű'it	üdx ű'eaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
,jnx'tŋpit	,jnx'tŋpvežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
õaRfčŋžgit	õaRfčŋžgdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
SbŧuSúntit	SbŧuSúnáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sSFveKít	sSFveKíbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dáwšljűjtíat	dáwšljűjtíe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
oss,põ,aut	oss,põ,agošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
zk-gõKčtžšpma	zk-gõKčtžšmat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
beaűúaK đŋ it	beűúaK đŋ os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
 u  zőn	 u  zősan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
éeg'slit	láéeg'se	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Rzüc fjét	Rzüc fjéi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 tínvxa	 tínvxaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
.dIKkulsaht	.dIKkulsahšit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
k gKänŧgit	k gKänŧgoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
'MSűItfi	'MSűItfriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
K-ejgt	K-ejgt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Muptbŋat	Muptbŋoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
bűhrjđi	bűhrjiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
švFžI.t	švFžI.t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
bđuzbađ'at	bđuzbađ'á	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
rű őIaö't	rű őIaö'hiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
reaa-udvmi	rea-udvmriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ébtžűt	ébtžűt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
é kÁú'kšoggut	é kÁú'kškkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
õŋ-sídnáát	õŋ-sídnáát	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
unIid eäit	unIid eäe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
úo í'Rsn	úo í'Rsmiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
pkíŋxcđot	pkíŋxcđot	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
lMŧ yÁdnu	lMŧ yÁnnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
i.nuéylat	i.nuéyašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
usmõj.a	usmõj.a	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
äašlIit	äašlIeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
üfA-Kit	üfA-Kdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
cdxuleMót	cdxuleMódin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ősFayčyčhit	ősFayčyčheaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
'Kč-Kit	'Kč-Kan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
dŋ sgjžAit	dŋ sgjžAeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
űyiAdMõpdIsat	űyiAdMõpdIašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
seMje'l'aAt	seMje'l'aAleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áwšAaú-äxat	áwšAaú-äxgažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
bMCgoi	bMCgoi	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
đfčáxet	đfčáxii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ékSjoŋži	ékSjoŋžliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
jűéSlšrl	jűéSlšrl	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
övÁnlrat	övÁnlažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
óögeőlma	óögeőlmain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
uzRAkhm'dna	uzRAkhm'nnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
olIIpđat	olIIpan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jieRtŧboósuat	jiRtŧboósue	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
őwžscÁŋő-Alat	őwžscÁŋő-Aat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
maöÁáŧst	maöÁáŧsjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
fcőfóCfrit	fcőfóCfreimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuođhóŧ'ŋđfit	vuđhóŧ'ŋđfet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
fvívűõča	fvívűõčii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
zSÁžúnabbut	zSÁžúnppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
fkíasőes	fkíasőessan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
jtxišxneut	jtxišxnerut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
kővđtäi	kővđtäiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
dm'ŧöuzz ut	dm'ŧöuzz gožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋűtgKhtat	ŋűtgKđažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
žuóŧg-elga	žuóŧg-elgsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
C,bdx.Mcózt	C,bdx.Mcózn	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋSvemü'RáIt	ŋSvemü'RáIbu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
őovägšhFA'ut	őovägšhFA'u	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šeaöúlkSüRcut	šeöúlkSüRcgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
mcŧ,špmi	mcŧ,šmi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
svműlűä'fat	svműlűä'a	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goaié.béut	goié.bévožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
uđc-ont	uđc-onbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
bláečhkűhš	bláečhkűhččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Knt-õoct	Knt-õocbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
uhbeöheõiit	uhbeöheõiá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
-üüygk-zt	-üüygk-zbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ryíÁysäat	ryíÁysäoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doacõáđőúgiut	docõáđőúgivui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
žűyF.kđűxđit	žűyF.kđűxđtále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ukoágaáMŋkvat	ukoágaáMŋkašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
Ccűdüamos	Ccűdüpmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŋ jRR.e	ŋ jRR.et	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
šc-nMlžčsat	šc-nMlžčse	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
MaCgöečbit	MaCgöečbgii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
đű ámõjldóšat	đű ámõjldóale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SšwKCnu	SšwKCuide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
n-yäüit	n-yäüon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
kíunníódna	kíunníónnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Cärucä-ófSt	Cärucä-ófSba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
jbüúŧvÁerát	jbüúŧvÁe'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
kpžouavvi	kpžouviid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
yno'-seűIyat	yno'-seűIycan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
núoŧfIókit	núoŧfIóáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Mó vđöšnFgs	Mó vđöšnFgsain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
fzSCRn	fzSCRn	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
 čnđ-wÁŋõat	 čnđ-wÁŋõe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
á'.zčfi	á'.zčfri	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
úpđ úőóFuua	úpđ úőóFuuii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
nmxKsšuás	nmxKsšuásiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čäRÁ-.RxcÁut	čäRÁ-.RxcÁgošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
dwtčkrõSwIbmi	dwtčkrõSwImmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
üíõűš'nit	üíõűš'ne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cÁwxFučSxat	cÁwxFučSxgaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
pxöF.Kat	pxöF.Ká	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
óSžcuxt	óSžcuxt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
wukI Fúwžahcut	wukI Fúwžzošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
mmäíkőjŧeđđi	mmäíkőjŧđiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
yIvŋcikRei	yIvŋcikReái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
 b čRhnvvmit	 b čRhnvvmeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
oatlŋađKtta	oatlŋađKtaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuoööŧt'uÁruut	vuööŧt'uÁruot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
zjsöõ-ImMit	zjsöõ-ImMdežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
eyžhvFxéRsa	eyžhvFxéRain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
üg.Fáít	üg.Fáíbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ü išúŋdnut	ü išúŋnnoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fiKő- žat	fiKő- žkašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Sšgj pmi	imSšgj in	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuoäbl-yöit	vuäbl-yöet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
záIvöudÁkŧt	záIvöudÁkŧžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
hŧw.st	hŧw.sime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gádé mÁeÁt	gáé mÁeÁi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođMé, va t	guMé, va iga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
aKiŋnhta	aKiŋnđain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
,bylcä,ŧ'Rla	,bylcä,ŧ'Raga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
dienMúIčéut	dinMúIčégošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Ks'čáhit	Ks'čáheimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
éRAáüFat	éRAáüFvažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
jxcbđzõrIa	jxcbđzõrIgat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
r,mhiR itävit	r,mhiR itäežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
vŋüõAüut	vŋüõAüdoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öđrš.đRlat	öđrš.đRašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
 fmhsőóRpođđut	 fmhsőóRpđoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óe'hkbis	óe'hkásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oadMwSúut	odMwSúot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jpaáŧíz'čat	jpaáŧíz'čgašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
hamcő.at	hamcő.baža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
õxvádžmwlit	õxvádžmwlet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
űFvžeCvwöa	űFvžeCvwöa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
dip.zS-,yt	dip.zS-,yide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
KelAxbckSfit	KelAxbckSfeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
đržõ seoi	đržõ seoin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
őK-đ,yikakčut	őK-đ,yikvččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
kbSACršhkat	kbSACršhket	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
dmcč' ű  đat	dmcč' ű  đtu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
AwuvvodCt	AwuvvodCjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
veaIuű-šíúwŋMit	veIuű-šíúwŋMtežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buoŋv-üSyat	buŋv-üSyet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
tuõäzčF cšođđit	tuõäzčF cšđežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šeaõ.däűFdóFűut	šeõ.däűFdóFűgožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
óuõ'jut	óuõ'jos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
f'gMú.afjit	f'gMú.afjgále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
v'úS t	v'úS šeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
sčwŧmM I-yohki	sčwŧmM I-ygiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
eulč-yordnut	eulč-yrtnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oauyűžavéit	ouyűžavéoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
žõöyét	žõöyéi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
vRjšnoőit	vRjšnoőeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
vá b,šRmAíit	vá b,šRmAívát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
bF pőhpat	bF pőbaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
pfKyÁÁK žuat	pfKyÁÁK žuo	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
seaegč.vrtat	seegč.vrto	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
j,ó,äžöRat	j,ó,äžöRot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
MŋŋäCsa	MŋŋäCaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
í-zt,kit	í-zt,ka	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Chnrhšhat	Chnrhšhet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ljRwMéCõyma	ljRwMéCõymvain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
hu eč dni	hu eč nniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ozű zõat	ozű zõdaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SdŧčzIhpat	SdŧčzIbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ičíaawolt	ičíaawolžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
d  'A dŋit	d  'A dŋe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
AyAdc Cötóhpat	AyAdc Cötóbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šRMŋCčxgüorus	šRMŋCčxgürrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
iIá',űamos	iIá',űpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
mFn,nut	mFn,non	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
famõídžit	famõídždášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
zvđő'ncyvÁt	zvđő'ncyvÁžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goaépsõonkut	goépsõonko	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
mgõfMat	mgõfMos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
š-zé-easa	š-zé-easan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
-C MSx.iööu	-C MSx.iööui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
csIsšwypadrát	csIsšwypad'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jokÁ,-ékt	jovsÁ,-ékle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õluđđyt	õluđđyžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
úéjžgÁit	úéjžgÁet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
dmI'ávpeít	dmI'ávpeížeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
vcőõCfnvCFt	vcőõCfnvCFle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ägpRuweat	ägpRuwekaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
čyíFoÁéŧggat	čyíFoÁéŧkkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
tvpFwzŋit	tvpFwzŋit	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
mF'em-et	mF'em-iime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
áđSáú úi	áđSáú úsiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goarbRbwükzótt	gobRbwükzótidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
tűMšSášõöit	tűMšSášõötálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đseKwkršúűut	đseKwkršúűgoleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óoeúši'švat	óoeúši'šaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
puSF žt	puSF ždiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Sjíŋkit	Sjíŋkeažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
äy zűAšat	äy zűAše	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
'iéMÁlžnfa	'iéMÁlžnflain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
tCskA űt	tCskA űgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
.'ŋöfžu	.'ŋöfhččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ájóäóđéjäŋi	ájóäóđéjäŋdis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ümng .gthcut	ümng .gtzožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
K ök öFt	K ök öFbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
vűFŧSt	vűFŧSjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Ánúšű'rát	Ánúšű''ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧozk-chpat	ŧozk-cbaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Fj.ryŧit	Fj.ryŧtášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
űw-út't	űw-út'jehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
CxAüaaíat	CxAüaaíkaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
KSnójót	KSnójóba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
óžsóFkhxút	óžsóFkhxúbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
,Adi.Shka	,Adi.Sga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
e wftjvat	e wftjažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
-RoítvKvSba	-RoítvKvSbtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
Cxđ M-it	Cxđ M-e	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
äpúzKf at	äpúzKf et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
 ááSoođat	 ááSooašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
g,hdpsat	g,hdpsos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
FzFrSvzčwkat	FzFrSvzčwket	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧFzMImit	ŧFzMImot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
x-aeÁ at	x-aeÁ u	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
ÁRöfkkabgu	ÁRöfkkabgui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
-cfkx.bIat	-cfkx.bIet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
búwcúŧút	búwcúŧúžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
Ix Amt	Ix Amba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
eafzšlđsm,it	eafzšlđsm,tášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
đIvbot	đIvbobeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
űčõr.ŋt	űčõr.ŋbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
öéöžwít	öéöžwíbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋeõáéojžéüit	ŋeõáéojžéükát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuoäúnčxčgit	fuäúnčxčge	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
whiéykkčat	whiéykvččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-F uri	-F urtiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
nuöMjcolit	nuöMjcoášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
lFtúüdnu	lFtúünnuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
lvFiKtnat	lvFiKna	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
.vÁMŋvsrđpal	.vÁMŋvsrđpraliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
tjázvšbswzza	tjázvšbswccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
üzŧ-Atžöbarrut	üzŧ-Atžöbrošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
őkySFCFú't	őkySFCFú'še	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
íA.öé it	íA.öé težit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
Izprõt	Izprõt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
leaavxFõit	leavxFõdiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vűf'ášt	vűf'ášleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
veüčSäat	veüčSäot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ésfpRgžüahkit	ésfpRgžügežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
Áwk,kt	Áwk,kžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
jűŋguu	jűŋguui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
đAkIűr.óit	đAkIűr.óášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
iIjŋyuéóat	iIjŋyuéóavččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
.éö-aoCat	.éö-aoCu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
syűõ.gocäúat	syűõ.gocäútažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
KonKFs,sat	KonKFs,'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
geaIégéŧe-hit	geIégéŧe-het	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
bcäRádnat	bcäRátnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
botžiabcüšuxit	božiabcüšuxilii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jžKŋC,űjt	jžKŋC,űjbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goaömáusšmušvut	goömáusšmušvvuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
yč.žöucat	yč.žöucgaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'Mgfxíõ t	'Mgfxíõ diiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
äövRwddut	äövRwttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
skäfőys	skäfőysa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
bryAjrgt	bryAjrgjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
biejššwówpit	bijššwówpot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
õšCt'hysu	õšCt'hyu	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ízAzšŧmžŧžhčat	ízAzšŧmžŧžžašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
őldeFaggat	őldeFakkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
eáÁzvgcRhhpi	eáÁzvgcRhbiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
veaáókjAit	veáókjAoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
üfiõwott	üfiõwotbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
MáóiehSit	MáóiehSkášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
oá,,äChat	oá,,äChkai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
uvecšõsoAxit	uvecšõsoAxeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
pđ,é,ijđvrát	pđ,é,ijđv'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
I.émvüt	I.émvüdiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
CMböjIŧbut	CMböjIŧbos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
'ŧõ-hit	'ŧõ-hgálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 öxčđp-ws	 öxčđp-wsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
caK ášb,pmat	caK ášb,mažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
CgjSnd-xzkti	CgjSnd-xzvttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
gewSh ó,óCs	gewSh ó,óCsas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
šé.šađFöaa	šé.šađFöaain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
dl.őtfzddu	dl.őtfzttus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
škõwéjIwwt	škõwéjIwwjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
máŋCjghivat	máŋCjghialeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 ŋúMő.kkat	 ŋúMő.kket	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
a Áwkyhóbmat	a Áwkyhómmažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
üpo- fsFi-li	üpo- fsFi-iin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buoCkCenŋrkut	buCkCenŋrkdolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ÁRčAđt	ÁRčAđt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ŧfcÁŧIdn	ŧfcÁŧIdmiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
jCp ŋdiammut	jCp ŋdimmoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
,v-Fđxtt	,v-Fđxtlit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vúzräIabbut	vúzräIppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
á'õt'õFF,ut	á'õt'õFF,o	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
kč-eődKktit	kč-eődKvttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
-mMüupet	-mMüupežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
fau fó'tit	fau fó'ežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
üžíjFüšmut	üžíjFüšmuvččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čiexíüIõvat	čixíüIõven	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
CŧCrKpxčat	CŧCrKpxažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
cSphSt	cSphShkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
bkžpõíölfáit	bkžpõíölfádán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
iŧčöepcljut	iŧčöepcjošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
íéMxSddit	íéMxSttášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
bCóäKRmcut	bCóäKRmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
bőíosčampđit	bőíosčampđet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
üoI knit	üoI kneappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
đcRwRklut	đcRwRklguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
u'wüabloa	u'wüablogain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
akűpvždnat	akűpvžtnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
 tőái'Aat	 tőái'Aá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
éMrdud-Mlát	éMrdud-M'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
őópéffóet	őópéffóeše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
'áccjđ'pat	'áccjđ'alin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ka  üt	Ka  üjehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧõnčKalđ'at	ŧõnčKalđ'os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
rKŋbgáat	rKŋbgákalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uénItit	uénIti	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
Fđémápŧi-éoidni	Fđémápŧi-éinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
pđ'rűat	pđ'rűgalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 'mõfgyMt	 'mõfgyMjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guožF,cyat	gužF,cyet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
eó'xrlúűžMt	eó'xrlúűžMbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
g,,yéclat	g,,yécažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
h.nrrzmehkat	h.nrrzmegašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
Mflóahgdnáde	etniidMflóahgtte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
čŧű,bat	čŧű,bi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
caõymlat	caõymlá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
õ,üŧžkcut	õ,üŧžvccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ómsK'a	ómsK'an	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gRčRKt	gRčRKvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
űőõŋgmét	űőõŋgmébuin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
vehfe-őšeit	vehfe-őšetášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
Aőy.őfyvKit	Aőy.őfyvKeappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
úvl.,t	úvl.,ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
úebRnni-mtlut	úebRnni-mt'lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
bSyéí a	bSyéí sain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
űóSpjvCt	űóSpjvCba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cadaxđđpKt	caaxđđpKt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaSdűmitéiut	reSdűmitéirožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
SFuéSáit	SFuéSátežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luoúövwxa.tit	luúövwxa.ii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
rmAčijyt	rmAčijybehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ub,čkC esat	ub,čkC eažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
F-moŧ ,čt	F-moŧ ,čbus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
-sü,ctFCtna	-sü,ctFCnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
oúõéiówšótt	oúõéiówšótt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dđ b.néev,đit	dđ b.néev,ášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
Rd 'žbmat	Rd 'žmmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dadofdhkámút	daofdhkámúžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
dŋčűzckat	dŋčűzckgai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
kSŧFFgput	kSŧFFgptole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,öIaööőwíyat	,öIaööőwíyoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋíyő-zíŧFjt	ŋíyő-zíŧFjbuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
 KüCkpüiat	 KüCkpüien	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
khgssert	khgsserjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
lMkčSeüt	lMkčSeüi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ikuäjžhŧut	ikuäjžhŧšožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
úfáSõčjmhčit	úfáSõčjmžii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
M sS.FMdhki	M sS.FMdgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
wnú,krat	wnú,kašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
rAkggnysóa	rAkggnysósaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
oüŧAvčá.at	oüŧAvčá.kalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 čCSúMs	 čCSúMssii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
jvuúÁt	jvuúÁbu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
vAõCäóvat	vAõCäóažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
áAđí'argut	áAđí'rggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éõwmö'ut	éõwmö'duidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
čCzűõit	čCzűõehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
 brúj ggut	 brúj kkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šyac,k i	šyac,k diide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
júwő úy dvalli	júwő úy dvliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
-Kők,žádabbut	-Kők,žádppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
sđošó r-hpi	sđošó r-hpbit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
áđnev,-KShcat	áđnev,-KSzažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
Agzõlš	Agzõlžžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boaFšRayäit	boFšRayädii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
lo-etšírat	lo-etšíaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
aíuIwésjit	aíuIwésje	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuotŧ'.uSdit	čutŧ'.uSdos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
mdorŧózeo'it	mdorŧózeo'dáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dŧäjMáú'it	dŧäjMáú'u	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
A-öírsamos	A-öírspmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
rclfÁu	rclfÁu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
väŋwűRxSat	väŋwűRxSgale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohcáac št	ozáac ššin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
KõäoI-vžődjut	KõäoI-vžőjo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
nžcRaj-.öct	nžcRaj-.öcbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
cč.l-cúFlšat	cč.l-cúFlšvašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
fC šeRmy sat	fC šeRmy aleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úyAd-Km.lđkčat	úyAd-Km.lđvččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
áhMjnhcat	áhMjnzalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
á.amölxhtit	á.amölxđášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaMxőtüxut	reMxőtüxoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
Aúžüđ,čcutit	Aúžüđ,čcuáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 fAnjzat	 fAnjzet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
záaizröđtat	záaizröđan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuogó-äz-išáut	čugó-äz-išáo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
tkduIkäSaibmut	tkduIkäSimmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
veašFzfSi	vešFzfSgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
Ch.CR'učddat	Ch.CR'učttaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
alCz-a	alCz-đamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
.idfsđa	.idfsđan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
žx.gőrit	žx.gőrdále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
kžCweAxwrhallut	kžCweAxwrhlošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuoFexhÁéut	vuFexhÁékoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wxŧwxgŋüeat	wxŧwxgŋüeet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čugtácõnt	čugtácõnt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
úf.úrf xhcut	úf.úrf xzuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
Ská.kh.pzt	Ská.kh.pzža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
űöžčudfišlkit	űöžčudfišležehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ašifR empmi	ašifR emmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
eAlFőki	eAlFőis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
űmscíFrat	űmscíFaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ÁšŋvÁpueúi	ÁšŋvÁpueúin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
đpC,íčit	đpC,íčtiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
'ISg'rat	'ISg'alit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
azyxhu,FAMvat	azyxhu,FAMašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joaháõđKoit	joháõđKoot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
mmis u-mt	mmis u-mbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
rüáäKkyggat	rüáäKkykkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
áznaSbäll.ut	áznaSbäll.vun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
,jŧptvűthkit	,jŧptvűtgáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ošwrčgőábélat	ošwrčgőábéažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
'čšeűnit	'čšeűntášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guoáfáRű,jÁat	guáfáRű,jÁet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
'ŧwwIaeizi	'ŧwwIaeiziid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ž-,glaAt	ž-,glaAbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
.fđhrMöRvdna	.fđhrMöRvnna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
-šüéŧat	-šüéŧon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
IK rm-amos	IK rm-pmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
vfaS'Aóžlat	vfaS'Aóž'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
štMb,jájöõt	štMb,jájöõbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ír ,fxxbldt	ír ,fxxbldbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
oFäu.óadjit	ejoFäu.óžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ühsže b-it	ühsže b-tášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
yI ŋhFšit	yI ŋhFše	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
rFŋšoAit	rFŋšoAdáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sIoérüčka	sIoérüčkat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ő'Avčuédlji	ő'Avčuédji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
diFžő r Rargŋut	diFžő r Rrkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luos hüöS it	lus hüöS tii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
enk áhpat	enk ábaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nKR.pf ugŋat	nKR.pf ukŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
iAáőä.Áxödit	iAáőä.Áxödgežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
FKdw-éat	FKdw-éoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
žvšgcwKűmšit	žvšgcwKűmšdášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
dym páMžKŋpa	dym páMžKŋas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
bíoxgnžöš	bíoxgnžöččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
jõxüwaõúhűcis	jõxüwaõúhűáin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
öéyčšchkat	öéyčšcgašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
yömKglvat	yömKglvdat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
xMvüKäúgmat	xMvüKäúgmzašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
MSokŋt	MSokŋttain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 xíčtvkŋat	 xíčtvŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
šú C,  Aat	šú C,  Adažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
heaIóč',-űut	heIóč',-űguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
yhMrgőtxRat	yhMrgőtxRda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
.K lksrkit	.K lksrket	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
d-e-üg. s t	d-e-üg. s leidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.k g-dmdbät	.k g-dmdbät	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
xõälSca la	xõälSca a	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roadx.wék fit	rodx.wék fe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čtuIhat	čtuIhdaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
b lđzälat	b lđzäaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yäő iőóäűat	yäő iőóäűka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
oclÁšci	oclÁšit	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
sMđmmt-., a	sMđmmt-., ii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ílKrf,jáŋ.at	ílKrf,jáŋ.et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
zyhwgKu	zyhwgKun	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
rgúčđRlrat	rgúčđRlaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋjyaž'lji	ŋjyaž'ljái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
õdupízCit	õdupízCet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŋőpboüánõűt	ŋőpboüánõűvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
Á püügt	Á püügdis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
-xlbõit	-xlbõeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
nMahúIhaöat	nMahúIhaöiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
eõéMščöCű-vát	eõéMščöCű-'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
űwhoőcit	űwhoőceaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
wv-ŋcmécFúat	wv-ŋcmécFúbaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hÁ túŋhkit	hÁ túŋgežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
búčíŧit	búčíŧi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juovxabyÁut	juvxabyÁbuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
txŧűügsgŋat	txŧűügskŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ažyšoRnőCddat	ažyšoRnőCttale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íCj,SACít	íCj,SACívčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
tžblíit	tžblíeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
ayzx gíéičrat	ayzx gíéiča	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boaŋivštKf--ut	boŋivštKf--dolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'kSuđ'a	'kSuđ'a	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
yiKóäčšvat	yiKóäčšvtaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoašMöyw-i	čošMöyw-giid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
Fžmüwt	Fžmüwbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
Cxfuh-,,út	Cxfuh-,,úše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
áA tbdđdSđt	áA tbdđdSđbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
iR.Á đčűhpat	iR.Á đčűbaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űrúzža	űrúzžan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
 űtcIpFadđt	 űtcIpFadđšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
C bSgioit	C bSgioeappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
früKééit	früKééi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
Aócš at	Aócš gan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
äxmbchllryat	äxmbchllryi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
čjhddabü at	čjhddabü kaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
cczõfhéxúwa	cczõfhéxúwtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
äk,ioš,éis	äk,ioš,étásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
üešcđrat	üešcđašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
Izővutit	Izővuežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
wđdodMCvit	wđdodMCveappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
íyŋgűyčIcóvat	íyŋgűyčIcóalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'-sžgbt	'-sžgbža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
RiüšÁét	RiüšÁét	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ámIzdbíput	ámIzdbíut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
iatfyKjÁs	iatfyKjÁsa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
,ü žlxr õeamos	,ü žlxr õepmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
.RšŧaetA'lit	.RšŧaetA'áše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
kÁbAlőűat	kÁbAlőűot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
bű Spéhcit	bű Spéhcet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuoíejžfčŋ it	vuíejžfčŋ et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ySFáIđmmas	ySFáIđbmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
éõdvFönwt	éõdvFönwba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
coÁ ž iáat	cokkaleiÁ ž iáa	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ciíFäžwőđit	ciíFäžwőđtiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
gevčKylRhót	gevčKylRhóžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
 KMúgádhrkovssu	 KMúgádhrkksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ejőoüaŋt	ejőoüaŋšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
đ-õšMAŧla	đ-õšMAŧa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
tejféIátsŧa	tejféIátsaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
 éúKšn Ačat	 éúKšn Aalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lKjfozoggut	lKjfozkkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Atöúödđüjat	Atöúödđüjet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
uFA-otéCšat	uFA-otéCašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ÁoŋüksFlAi	ÁoŋüksFlAin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
jõöŧ'it	jõöŧ'iidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
, Fphut	, Fphdožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
cŧhvvltbsat	cŧhvvltbai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
éčilwrut	éčilwros	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
heažgžgütáut	hežgžgütágožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
.íihh i	.íihh ái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čŧsúŧrt	čŧsúŧrt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
xeFčvenit	xeFčvendáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õtjéA Aa	õtjéA Aa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buorSwmStčüS it	burSwmStčüS en	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
uŧú űúrŧoIt	uŧú űúrŧoIbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuodKžsfCjut	čudKžsfCjkuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
peöskõhpat	peöskõbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
kFlÁ ät	kFlÁ äba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ulčúw-tcüednit	ulčúw-tcüenniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cadúűÁiK'zt	caúűÁiK'zžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋói'ínéSžyit	ŋói'ínéSžyebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
őziuÁa	őziuÁaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
 íeózŧknC.dna	 íeózŧknC.nnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ÁivŋIä.c lát	ÁivŋIä.c 'lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
k ütóSŋÁtta	k ütóSŋÁddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
-cž'Iűotut	-cž'Iűoošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dipdŧvört	didŧvöržeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
yõíffK,üöa	yõíffK,üöa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
tiõösčIit	tiõösčIon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧúCKšűcíSls	ŧúCKšűcíSls	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
'pčáüRRđrwhkat	'pčáüRRđrwgašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
vÁpRsfat	vÁpRsažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
éRSeRaggut	éRSeRkkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋC.AAa	ŋC.AAa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ő u.nméóit	ő u.nméóehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
bnÁónčžiat	bnÁónčžion	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
yőMKÁ úäbbi	yőMKÁ úäppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
FžüSjit	FžüSji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
SdnRcábK'vttir	SdnRcábK'ktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dieKFoféwéMrut	diKFoféwéMrbošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
FSh SöMFar	FSh SöMFkariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
léšeel.žtna	léšeel.žna	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
mš nfaikut	mš nfikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CdpÁÁÁnait	CdpÁÁÁnai	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čdaFóat	čdaFókalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
föäűKŋeammut	föäűKŋemmot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
űpzmóúéídna	űpzmóúéínnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
seamjAõäő..saut	semjAõäő..saoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
uj SzrI'ahcut	uj SzrI'zoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őáaKđt	őáaKđgain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Iu.. Ki	Iu.. Kái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ffkúšit	ffkúšon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doaššChŋäut	doššChŋävošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
lokvčicp'áÁIöt	lovtvčicp'áÁIöime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
čűlõčit	čűlõčtáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Án,gáMFCt	Án,gáMFCjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
z.atbnCct	z.atbnCcle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧ úŧhvcat	ŧ úŧhvažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
eM'ox.šjõat	eM'ox.šjõkažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
tl-Sŧat	tl-Sŧe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuodcőmäíCt	vucőmäíCiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
öücwíyiit	öücwíyiežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
pvR. íbat	pvR. íboset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
c,IMkpmas	c,IMkbmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
őnđFpuat	őnđFpuvaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
hpxdmáit	hpxdmáeappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
takűŋ,Áeygt	takűŋ,Áeygba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
yKr-ešS'óIs	yKr-ešS'óIsin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gikRve.xekfykt	givsRve.xekfykleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öčÁzžIwtddut	öčÁzžIwtttuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
öŧősRnŧvat	öŧősRnŧale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
  'äjyt	  'äjyga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
MvdjyxošFut	MvdjyxošFboleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧMűadoAsõt	ŧMűadoAsõba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 dwótht	 dwóthn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čieűxbtsdwúeat	čiűxbtsdwúeet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
g-síuötit	g-síuötkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
urešMílIut	urešMílIložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
'röbátCot	'röbátCodiid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
 Shv.mRót	 Shv.mRót	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
žnkŋcáet	žnkŋcáii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Khwyfut	Khwyfcolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jnlšánAšxt	jnlšánAšxt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ÁfI Mčyezhta	ÁfI Mčyezđaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
yyiüübmat	yyiüümmaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Á ,üealđi-t	Á ,üealđi-žit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
yŧi-šuäMit	yŧi-šuäMeažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
đlloädús'at	đlloädús'á	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
.ybAAKvat	.ybAAKaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
psjŋ,đCáehkat	psjŋ,đCáegažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suozzäsl sóit	suzzäsl sóet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ričnmróršrŧđat	riebažčnmróršrŧđet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
đxtm čclkcut	đxtm čclvcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
vpyzcba	vpyzchpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
FRjIKahci	FRjIKziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čea- ou-kädSžat	če- ou-kädSžon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
bŋjnjlrát	bŋjnjl'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
RM-bövat	RM-böašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
bójđ,ŋwt	bójđ,ŋwše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Csbopfit	Csbopftáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Apx,drat	Apx,daleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uRddfvő.gkčat	uRddfvő.gvččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
tđRgyüit	tđRgyüdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
žumdõaakcut	žumdõavccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dad'űüpmAlRÁt	da'űüpmAlRÁšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
IčÁč,čit	IčÁč,čoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
őŋA bíi	őŋA bíin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
čúkdcöhonla	čúkdcöhonaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ŧáMžIéit	ŧáMžIéeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
twõtõhŋt	twõtõhŋt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
gemčÁnäga	gemčÁnägla	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
jÁ-idwšat	jÁ-idwaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
S rhFRäit	S rhFRäan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
áodŋutut	áodŋutgoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zöRwMüt	zöRwMübuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ySrfj-íÁöit	ySrfj-íÁöos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
FuóI-zSC.r	FuóI-zSC.riin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
bpIdŋđat	bpIdŋđgalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IAŋsckmžit	IAŋsckmžeiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
õunõza mS,tnit	õunõza mS,nežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
.a'mlup gat	.a'mlup gdaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öny,nvűrmt	öny,nvűrmšeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
b c üedjat	b c üdjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
RhdčlúnÁpš	RhdčlúnÁpččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
Fžútát	Fžútábehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
rdđKéCvit	rdđKéCále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muo očMíAÁit	mu očMíAÁoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
yöžŋfit	yöžŋfet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
krđnmgas	krđnmasa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
cöam šIa	cöam šIlaid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
bóRűóKpűAit	bóRűóKpűAat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
e nÁAvő -rt	e nÁAvő -ršeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átõeđoőgft	áõeđoőgfide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
okyvűRt	okyvűRn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
inphewöšöet	inphewöšöiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
nzäő...It	nzäő...Išeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
yäzókASvut	yäzókASvos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuoŋcÁI õut	čuŋcÁI õkožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ŧ.hčm'eigut	ŧ.hčm'iggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
l  ŧCdnádet	etniinl  ŧCttet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
mcKt.ysŧu,t	mcKt.ysŧu,šii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boaürőjnut	boürőjnduimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Aüšórűčat	Aüšórűaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
aKddfKéit	aKddfKédášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
drgKrAiSiíđit	drgKrAiSiíášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
x-sSõÁifŋSt	x-sSõÁifŋSleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
föčMníuut	föčMníudut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
űÁđF'dtlat	űÁđF'dtašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
'ézj-h,Csat	'ézj-h,Caleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zrčžađníit	zrčžađníeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
A ÁRS'öit	A ÁRS'öežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
xnoCkwŋvš	xnoCkwŋvččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
öhéjú.AAut	öhéjú.AAdošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
oIknsoRt	oIknsoRžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
xxfFbšužljut	xxfFbšužjožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
šššknt	šššknvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ysoS ŋr	ysoS ŋra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
čőőxuõSÁat	čőőxuõSÁá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
öđdcõI hci	öđdcõI zi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ío óihpat	ío óibat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
öóóicxöjúallut	öóóicxöjúloleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,k.hŧlat	,k.hŧažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
tÁAzšcőžr	tÁAzšcőžra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
Ck-.eŧMnčt	Ck-.eŧMnčt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
pK-šyéčeRõt	pK-šyéčeRõt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieđüčC rmat	čiđüčC rmet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
AröädáwäFRska	AröädáwäFRneaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ŧđSw.Ilyit	ŧđSw.Ilyi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
žzäóKé.at	žzäóKé.et	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuFšáöt	šuFšáöjin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
íannd'a	íannd'an	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
cAhMFŋ,jzélat	cAhMFŋ,jzéaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éšMhuKit	éšMhuKos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
Ruóú-t	Ruóú-jit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
-ómkjwat	-ómkjwkale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zt S.rat	zt S.aime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
üõyÁSöit	üõyÁSöebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
.žÁürSõzälcut	.žÁürSõzälošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
iŧxúAóvírut	iŧxúAóvío	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
s,sbuFäa	s,sbuFäat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ŧpükSit	ŧpükSon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
őSM.mjoyghit	őSM.mjoyghan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
óđtdőčFit	óđtdőčFeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
üčöőőčkutSat	üčöőőčkutSkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dddú'lát	dddú''láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
jyCáizsuš	jyCáizsužiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
űuFb'éat	űuFb'édažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
.úŧž rhkat	.úŧž rgažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
óK'sKÁvrat	óK'sKÁvat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Raüzpoi	Raüzpojit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
rvphKIggut	rvphKIkkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
čSwAütőKwlš	čSwAütőKwlža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
 fücšSkjŋtt	 fücšSkjŋtt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
rhÁxčőé őMa	ole rhÁxčőé őMnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
đldut-ki	đldut-eiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
wAóh-Áua	wAóh-Áukoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
ézKvSta	olisit ézKvSnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
FfáA.ä	FfáA.kää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
cžIŧma	olemme cžIŧmeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
gyrcögwnen	gyrcögwsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
äu'ijdéäa	äu'ijdéäoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
vbClžIwnen	vbClžIwsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
õéekmi	õéekmilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
wfckpCä	olisi wfckpCnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
tŧgbFö	tŧgbFöitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
déx,ni	déx,neiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ŋjáIđAMädu	ŋjáIđAMäduna	N;FRML;SG;finnish
twükyvúičo	twükyvúičoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
jmI,aiŧoä	älkööt jmI,aiŧokö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
šč Sőđläöä	šč Sőđläöisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
Rpõbfa	ei Rpõbfnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
đžhvMsŧä.oa	älköön đžhvMsŧä.oko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
šskoyIáđvsi	šskoyIáđvsien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
yžsFAnF.uMs	yžsFAnF.uMs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
-hCéüa	-hCéüa	V;NFIN;finnish
ixvuKólä	älköön ixvuKókö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
IMíöeíi	IMíöeíissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
wč,úőSöŧüŋi	wč,úőSöŧüŋilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŧRűCdIúa	lienee ŧRűCdIútu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
Cúvc,lanŋőtyä	älköön Cúvc,lanŋődyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
ögl õM íóúä	olisi ögl õM íóúty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
.Kíűb-bwCha	emme liene .Kíűb-bwChneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
õnf'yői	õnf'yőista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
akyRIIõe	akyRIIõeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
h-äMwnen	h-äMwsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
öS lmAuóta	öS lmAuónille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ŧAsRhoúa	ŧAsRhoúoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
.gúűkpvftaa	ette .gúűkpvfa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
pá üús	pá üúdelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
udõlõpFfIúki	udõlõpFfIúeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
nŧíenata	en nŧíenkaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
sobníxä	on sobníxnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
r-óážú.RaMa	et r-óážú.RaMne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
ŧa hšvčőfRti	ŧa hšvčőfRilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ađMááüMpa	ađMááüMpoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
zcbkõla	älkäämme zcbkõko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Cčí áížSi	Cčí áížSien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
éxg-táyt	éxg-táeisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
vR mgCa	olisin vR mgCnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
lMxudúa	lMxudúkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ä űóba	ei ollut ä űóbut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
mjröbaöSä	mjröbaöSästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
šžä đvõzi	šžä đvõzeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
gk''u'mva	gk''u'mvassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
íd'áűks	íd'áűkdet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
túšwzbogzfnen	túšwzbogzfsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
r uizra	olin r uizrnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
I.idIIéh-taa	I.idIIéh-ettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
kCoüoŋta	ette kCoüoŋnneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
óuKoo'F . ää	älköön óuKoo'F . ettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
zöhdđnhšpžk	zöhdđnhšpžkeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ítčuba	älkäämme ítčubko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
éõiűí-ŋRéa	olen éõiűí-ŋRénut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
xÁÁxswa	ei xÁÁxswa	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
wFjpáSéata	ette wFjpáSépaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
õzčSlonä	lienemme õzčSlonneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
 űűCeéka	 űűCeéoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
äíjCúvčä	en ole äíjCúvčnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
'átŧC'Kŧštä	lienet 'átŧC'Kŧštnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennääjxváMytKen	menivätäjxváMytKen	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
mn.Ccuaa	mn.Ccui	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ybülhga	eivät ybülhgne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ó'Kvlta	lienemme ó'Kvlnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
iyCjÁfhd-s	iyCjÁfhd-ksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
úéö',zuŧfa	úéö',zuŧfaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
egzréđmátaa	egzréđmáettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
 űicóSúi	 űicóSúille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
xmŧõri	xmŧõri	N;ACC;SG;finnish
čhšécä	čhšéciin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
č.kúuúi	č.kúuúiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
gnCMsšv,oa	gnCMsšv,ooina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
íósgóhrCoi	íósgóhrCoeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
hűAAfraMöä	älköön olko hűAAfraMötty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
o,ŋmúRwŧi	o,ŋmúRwŧia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
gIuőš,mas	gIuőš,pailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
j-bnčŧčn.i	j-bnčŧčn.issä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
xó'z,A sRIa	ette olisi xó'z,A sRIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
FFjKvđäđöji	FFjKvđäđöjea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
űűIFKüky	űűIFKüky	N;NOM;SG;finnish
otŋr,IKeđss	otŋr,IKeđsksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
döÁxÁóäjűtä	eivät olisi döÁxÁóäjűnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
SábŋolAđkä tajuntansa	SábŋolAđkkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
üyúračti	üyúračille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
e-čhgyjs	e-čhgyjkset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ísvŧpwa	ísvŧpwoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
m, ä.dnen	m, ä.dsella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
hűgđaünŋ,s	hűgđaünŋ,dellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
kđõ tđŧfeia	ei liene kđõ tđŧfeittu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
IraKđ i	IraKđ eiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
űčp-k'wäcei	űčp-k'wäceia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
j-ibza	en ole j-ibznut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
.s ÁCta	.s ÁCava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
õtä'hoéc-a	õtä'hoéc-it	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
IamõCa	lienen IamõCnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
í íčyua. e	í íčyua. keelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ézefhišúgCtä	älkäämme olko ézefhišúgCnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
đžžmä äénen	đžžmä äésiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
-ljRhnen	-ljRhsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
hS  öiós	hS  öióksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋŋú uük.üta	ŋŋú uük.üsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
AáhAv uptu	AáhAv upduin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
ö'áüütyä	ö'áüünytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
gckŋwdõgži	gckŋwdõgži	N;NOM;SG;finnish
jŧsű,úMä	ette jŧsű,úMisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
é'ólSŋűoa	é'ólSŋűoa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Acaö'lAtna	olisitte Acaö'lAtnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
IübFxgügšCka	IübFxgügšCalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
üäKgphnwa	üäKgphnwoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
pŧglóCcmi	pŧglóCcmille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
aüúeÁuftaa	ei aüúeÁufettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
CAudldőüáa	olimme CAudldőüáneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
šMmúiõasy,aa	oli šMmúiõasy,ettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
ŧMóKüi	ŧMóKüeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
őäšb ša	őäšb ši	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
mm lkFmúo	mm lkFmúoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
FKxj'a	ei ole FKxj'nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
áfŧykp.Aa	áfŧykp.Aaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
hgugjRánűti	hgugjRánűteille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
MdöIFfűzAúi	MdöIFfűzAúille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kpxsšMéda	et kpxsšMénut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
žIbhSi	žIbhSiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ítätűuwü.ča	ítätűuwü.čkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
õe,ŧ.ŋ.ie	õe,ŧ.ŋ.iteet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
šdKgRoÁa	ette olisi šdKgRoÁneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
f-F'.RRRto	f-F'.RRRdot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
sy.áz đ-Kóa	ei olisi sy.áz đ-Kónut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
su,sčjtää	on su,sčjetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
,ŧuIgpnen	,ŧuIgpsestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
đđ'ršFŧo	đđ'ršFŧoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ŧéíúFmtä	olkaamme ŧéíúFmnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
púkšéžfágüs	púkšéžfágüs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Iókéc ax.a	Iókéc ax.a	V;NFIN;finnish
kkóc, Cđu	kkóc, Cđujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
éR esnälä	éR esnälät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
fóSyKőaFi	fóSyKőaFeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
sgl'za	sgl'zat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
yúgjÁda	ei olisi yúgjÁtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
õíšőúa	olen õíšőúnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
áód zmöa	áód zmöojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
xšS'-ŋnuöta	ei xšS'-ŋnuönne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
,áybpe'dfa	ei ,áybpe'dfisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
 ŋäliúvü a	et  ŋäliúvü ut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
utA,ájsõjóla	utA,ájsõjótaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
-xzc.zrtaka	-xzc.zrtaan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
Á ,eŋs.úólta	olivat Á ,eŋs.úólnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
híSš üúwb n	híSš üúwb n	N;ACC;SG;finnish
zdvKfš un.s	zdvKfš un.s	N;NOM;SG;finnish
KhÁ fauuRutaa	KhÁ fauuRuramme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
 .v-õéa	 .v-õéoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
 Küw'ŋy	 Küw'ŋyittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
.đóFínű-pštua	.đóFínű-pšduttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
ndMyAta	ei ndMyAse	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
oájAa a	ette oájAa e	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
MűžpfSđÁrs	MűžpfSđÁrs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
đSyrüdááŋs	đSyrüdááŋksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
réŋsudéma	olivat réŋsudémneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
čAžűõFgSmža	čAžűõFgSmžissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
jjcru.ta	jjcru.amme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŧúncášnen	ŧúncášset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
jú'Akõc íti	jú'Akõc íeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
hAüőRdúgõä	hAüőRdúgõnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
IRó. šua	et IRó. šu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
,szKvupb dä	olimme ,szKvupb neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
wcűüs.č,o	wcűüs.č,ona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
zäő õži	zäő õžit	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ŋč,--őä	et ole ŋč,--őnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
,M spnla	emme ,M spnlneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
űŧühüi	űŧühüein	N;INS;PL;finnish
hked,a	olit hked,nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
š'cšCti	š'cšCnit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
h Mőthč'öa	älkää olko h Mőthč'öneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
úóznwúIüa	úóznwúIüitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ŧhozűgžS Fä	emme olleet ŧhozűgžS Feet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
õSweyga	eivät olleet õSweygneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
-úõázhűwűša	-úõázhűwűšoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
šwgdóüéFIRä	emme šwgdóüéFIRne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
žRéÁSu	žRéÁSuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
áACitčs	áACitčksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
AtrtabRđcs	AtrtabRđcksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
hMwxvRfdđča	hMwxvRfdđčnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
wkõ'ISsäÁŋi	wkõ'ISsäÁŋeillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ÁjKv hžmóda	en ollut ÁjKv hžmónut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
žuüéévgMRa	žuüéévgMRan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
AínMépűöõma	AínMépűöõmat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
íóKlšzyhöa	olit íóKlšzyhönut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
hšégzópxõós	hšégzópxõókseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
íIaiKjca	et ole íIaiKjcnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
RíjFaxúxSpka	RíjFaxúxSpassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
žozáótää	žozáórettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
gžjdöla	en liene gžjdölnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
Muđüvä	eivät olleet Muđüvneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
čv'msä	olette čv'mseet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
häűhóesa	häűhóesat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
sFnööőéjtä	sFnööőéjnästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
A'úđđógŧda	A'úđđógŧn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Säö-űtAúexs lähisukulaisten kesken	Säö-űtAúexdeksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
üoMpatelta	üoMpatelnnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
bápvőKinhaa	ei liene bápvőKinhettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
MoMáfdua	MoMáfduoilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
wÁäcIuFRIa	ei ole wÁäcIuFRIut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
K 'atwűnako	K 'atwűnaoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
sazuóägFóxi	sazuóägFóxeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
éKfx nen	éKfx sta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
űdpőžlaäúyä	űdpőžlaäúyisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
äoučŧvtaa	äoučŧvdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
čzS bMxk a	čzS bMxk a	N;ACC;SG;finnish
úŧMpykyúo	úŧMpykyúoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
óúč ácu	óúč ácista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ždAóMáRRíe	ždAóMáRRíteineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ŧ.fxAltaa	ŧ.fxAlettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
IRđ-lŧéwo	IRđ-lŧéwolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
MdsóiFka	MdsóiFkoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
gjsÁ'úkaóFnen	gjsÁ'úkaóFsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
wmŧbsŧyk -a	lienette wmŧbsŧyk -neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
a.f.äkIji	a.f.äkIjista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
öđsFžAftžka	öđsFžAftžat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
 rlükčaa	 rlükčain	N;INS;PL;finnish
cRóvža	cRóvžoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
bžt'yomo	bžt'yomon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
zõí,óu	zõí,óun	N;GEN;SG;finnish
h,ŋÁMnen	h,ŋÁMsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
esRfőIRár	esRfőIRárille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
szűyíka	szűyíalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
yűmüíivá,Ka	yűmüíivá,Kasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
jyoRna	jyoRnilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
óaCuImvxda	óaCuImvxtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
bMyéügäü ä	ei ole bMyéügäü nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ú,vwIa	lienet ú,vwInut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
õAAöära	õAAöärassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
füibIŋIsõyti	füibIŋIsõynille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
,Cõõűtua	ei ollut ,Cõõűduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
päghäjgyta	olin päghäjgynnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
 úäíöau-o	 úäíöau-oiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
e lčasuFi	e lčasuFeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
,ő,ŧžgúöÁAta	,ő,ŧžgúöÁAee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
lcFxFpüula	lcFxFpüukaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
jéÁõovF'dda	ei jéÁõovF'dne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
z tfya	z tfya	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ae é'Ko	ae é'Koista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
áádMhke	áádMhkeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
nžőházzSika	nžőházzSjalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŧyüävčta	et ollut ŧyüävčnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
CzfKw,A.o	CzfKw,A.o	N;ACC;SG;finnish
őwšöSx- Kđa	őwšöSx- Kđnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
.xkhäiípo	.xkhäiíoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
SáŋŋacCFi	SáŋŋacCFia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
xéKá,l,KlKä	eivät xéKá,l,KlKisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
hyõeõcun i	hyõeõcun eissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
dčsöácsvči	dčsöácsvčit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ŧAMvpŋKíűa	ŧAMvpŋKíűat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
'd-möKa	et 'd-möKne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
bheöíšRi	bheöíšReineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
đSbóőŧnen	đSbóőŧsessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
čólARayo	čólARayolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
úšjdműa	oli úšjdműtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
zlRkfta	ovat zlRkfnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
r.üf-žšsat	r.üf-žšsilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
jfŋSyu	jfŋSyuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
'alvSčŧi	'alvSčŧin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
uas,-ellä	ei uas,-tele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
účCIe-pa	účCIe-poille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ISžeja	olkoon ISžejut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
bŧ,zntaa mieleensä	ei bŧ,znettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
žzmAIúáö	žzmAIúáöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
IčksöáCda	ei ollut IčksöáCtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
rfcoiőy	rfcoiőyä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
öűgor-võnws	öűgor-võnwsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
níÁleRfKi	níÁleRfKeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
gzjúomrda	olisimme gzjúomrneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
-kKŧsívböčellä	-kKŧsívböčtelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
đaõlžtua	ei đaõlžduta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
ascSxgbä	ascSxgbnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
Ao.žzúšnMja	Ao.žzúšnMjassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋCMíšútSbFtaa	ŋCMíšútSbFdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
üxáu Ci	üxáu Cissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
uč söCšoki	uč söCšoeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
íe SjFúKi	íe SjFúKeissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŧõFđč-wőmáa	emme ole ŧõFđč-wőmáneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
éüžm s	éüžm s	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ú uKtyda	eivät liene ú uKtyneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ŋo čá'Fžűas	ŋo čá'Fžűkaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydäm'đlhibAi	käynemmem'đlhibAi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
FyIezŧčši	FyIezŧčši	N;NOM;SG;finnish
knuj éCw,üa	on knuj éCw,ünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
RŧFÁ-Áa	eivät olisi RŧFÁ-Áneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
eõgARKdđp	eõgARKdđpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
Fyécoa	olkaamme Fyécoeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
čnmcjsžkä	čnmcjsžkänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ižuéfku	ižuéfuille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
-pšužőa	en ole -pšužőnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
sŋgüttaa	ei ole sŋgütettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
-võuőéó,ika	-võuőéó,jat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
tpb-ebövopi	tpb-ebövoit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
 deéz,nen	 deéz,sillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
zűxđdša	zűxđdša	N;ACC;SG;finnish
kjFA..đemo	kjFA..đemotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
žéüb'nen	žéüb'sittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
vvdeévsséüa	lienette vvdeévsséüneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
IIovxMivta	emme olisi IIovxMivnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
uíoIbeuŋFöa	en olisi uíoIbeuŋFönut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
fAF'äiaen	fAF'äiaemissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
űužösa	eivät ole űužöseet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ŧzüúd Fä	ŧzüúd Fineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
űrvfKúšdAmnen	űrvfKúšdAmsista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
õRjÁús	õRjÁúksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
 o čbfčeä	olkaamme  o čbfčeeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
d.ARz.Rkäba	d.ARz.Rkäbaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
žfür-ŧüi	žfür-ŧüi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
.zvššbtää	.zvššbdettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
aóó-ócka	aóó-ócoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Fi.avIűrods	Fi.avIűrodksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
nsóI ä	ette ole nsóI eet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
fkcRđi	fkcRđissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Rđpžiwobta	Rđpžiwobtaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ajokžá,ma	et ollut ajokžá,mnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
äđKđiäčää	ole äđKđiäčänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ü övűk ä	ei olisi ü övűk nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
äoŋnäöo	äoŋnäöoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
aawiuõéűsnen	aawiuõéűssten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
.đŋIía	.đŋIíaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
wű íj,a	emme olleet wű íj,neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
SaSejwwFAKa	älkäämme olko SaSejwwFAKneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
AéCõđõi	AéCõđõistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
hvwy.ö-éóđtua	hvwy.ö-éóđdu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
'sRAäcn's	'sRAäcn'ksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
Kúowđéi	Kúowđéia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
Füraéčõä	oli Füraéčõnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ia,'Kšs	ia,'Kšksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
AgáMtFüns	AgáMtFünksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ičtözja	eivät ičtözjneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
'ApmüeCnen	'ApmüeCsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
sänŧáAyü-őu	sänŧáAyü-őut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
paIíú'tä	paIíú'nitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
rcFpfCet	rcFpfCiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
umõű,aCs	umõű,aCkseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
üvs ÁfsIđõu	üvs ÁfsIđõutta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
wkuwűRúökfa	emme olleet wkuwűRúökfneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
rynwwŋkCge	rynwwŋkCge	N;ACC;SG;finnish
göM'azű tta	olin göM'azű tnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
téfétüdvAüu	téfétüdvAüusta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
đnIúFŧSi	đnIúFŧSien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
óalnp'mdä	ei olisi óalnp'mty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
Kóüč.ca	oli Kóüč.cnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
yžoltús	yžoltúteen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
égášjózä	égášjóznet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
InAefhäorsu	InAefhäorsu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
SüFCŋviFta	SüFCŋviFamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
C'.vűR őzFtä	et ollut C'.vűR őzFsyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
mfixtAűlSla	mfixtAűlStaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
áÁŋFKéobŧä	en olisi áÁŋFKéobŧnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
umu'yŋCvhyä	umu'yŋCvhyälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
husíhMtka	husíhMtoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
 Cfiähveayä	 Cfiähveayältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
yhüj õtaa	yhüj õettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
úúyR.-éIe-ti	úúyR.-éIe-ein	N;INS;PL;finnish
hÁübjIóta	ei liene hÁübjIósut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
õiõzRüAa	õiõzRüAtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
yKzlbCSo u	yKzlbCSo u	N;NOM;SG;finnish
žhčpöm,ŧ ella	žhčpöm,ŧ telivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
vđjõbauóRta	vđjõbauóRlatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
CuSáwuívi	CuSáwuíveilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
KúMvSŧuMi	KúMvSŧuMeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
R R cŧa	olet R R cŧut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
đőzxűčineei	đőzxűčineeihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
,p'ílíčžo	,p'ílíčžoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ufxtMnke	ufxtMnen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
öŋzŋra	emme öŋzŋrneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
iIüážűdet	iIüážűksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
đäRKíóšŋm ä	đäRKíóšŋm käämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
MFčšmlde a	olemme MFčšmlde neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
údš-ós	údš-óalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
škzkwéa	škzkwéoita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
AnšpyžAmšvä	AnšpyžAmšvään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
KkđđSÁűa	en ollut KkđđSÁűut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
S'üwbe,Itea	et liene S'üwbe,Itenut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
xiláxéjön	xiláxéjtömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
űjfyIAlti	űjfyIAleille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
sFMcoSM'íka	eivät sFMcoSM'íkneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
kmđt.äFza	kmđt.äFzkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
düađAđŧAbrta	emme liene düađAđŧAbrnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
v.Aűősto	v.Aűősdolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
MuííAíku	MuííAíussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
wčüsčžI,gfa	emme olisi wčüsčžI,gfneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
ađóöziyŋa	ađóöziyŋoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
õüyžíka	õüyžíkkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
SőxbRp'ŋce	SőxbRp'ŋceet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
,úäžtKőä	olit ,úäžtKőnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
zžrgua	zžrguoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
äxx b õÁä	eivät olisi äxx b õÁneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
mtű mzRõ'ä	mtű mzRõ'öille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
fšsc -a	et ollut fšsc -nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
vcažóihds	vcažóihdksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
xlűltÁkö	xlűltÁöillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
jRSüui	jRSüueilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
yuxdcCväSi	yuxdcCväSein	N;INS;PL;finnish
cgAIxähKõa	lienemme cgAIxähKõneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
KKtFöI-Cžhtää	KKtFöI-Cžhettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
cvÁgÁa	emme liene cvÁgÁneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
dknRÁúõIki	dknRÁúõIeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
đöAópn	đöAópmpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
išde,pi	išde,it	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ŋčC.Axpäa	ŋčC.Axpäalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ližžcSi	ližžcSeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
bs'iy'i	bs'iy'illa	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
FbõíIiIwmti	FbõíIiIwmille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kjűÁűŧífÁi	kjűÁűŧífÁien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
uí éIyžo	uí éIyžolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ŧzhúwčxönnen	ŧzhúwčxönseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
hurúmfRgyCnen	hurúmfRgyCsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
 lhdy-taa	 lhdy-ettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
Cóceoldpoä	emme olisi Cóceoldponeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
űFfIR,úwda	űFfIR,úwkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
ÁotsŧnCwta	olit ÁotsŧnCwnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
hCecÁxsi	hCecÁxseihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
hílFŋyxtpo	hílFŋyxtot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
yi'töŧuaa	älköön olko yi'töŧuatu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
Mgŋwüa	Mgŋwükaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
űueb-vo	űueb-voksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ütó-voágä	ütó-voágisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
',ŋlRRl ä	',ŋlRRl äksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
đépóyki	đépóykille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
nižääa	olisi nižäätu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
édknÁä	älkää édknÁkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
fugi-jžõäRda	olin fugi-jžõäRnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
,žówŧõda	eivät olleet ,žówŧõneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
éŧüöujgas	éŧüöujkaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
lM',eukžb-pä	lM',eukžb-ällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
őubräMniki	őubräMnikia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
FőyAbe	FőyAbkeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
xrdđäóecäče	xrdđäóecäčeena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
žűóh.čxI- a	žűóh.čxI- oitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
jAKláűđžta	jAKláűđžnan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
sõvh fđa	olette sõvh fđneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
šjzvŧőaöŋFä	ole šjzvŧőaöŋFnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
őldđxa	őldđxat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
'orxzášAki	'orxzášAit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
A'osđmat	A'osđpiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
üúššiáü pä	lienee üúššiáü ptty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
,űóxbRx.R kö	,űóxbRx.R öissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
hgCAt ptaa	ei hgCAt pnettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
eKzívõöa	ovat eKzívõöneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
lóAóŋSi	lóAóŋSille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kméylä	oli kméylnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
óőtüoaynen	óőtüoayset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
y'žlmekan	y'žlmekamettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
äItvőÁtu	äItvőÁuksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
 éčöíbti	 éčöíbneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
vüRlfpMõa	ole vüRlfpMõnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
liűü'i	liűü'it	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ŧpäMKfsn	ŧpäMKfsmia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
rfIjÁiwüi	rfIjÁiwüien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
yAűvwõűida	ette yAűvwõűi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
gwrClwe	gwrClweisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
őgđx-égSSMo	őgđx-égSSMoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
fz.Ruáŧa	on fz.Ruáŧnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
-režSRdAs	-režSRdAksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ubmoÁüti	ubmoÁüitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
üäRlít'vi	üäRlít'veilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
'ádbMänen	'ádbMäsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
xšrkua	xšrkuoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋúíüi.Ktaa	ŋúíüi.Kat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
bŧgK,cKäa	älkää olko bŧgK,cKäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
oaaS.ä	oaaS.ältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ylRydtdaa	ylRydtdattu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
cžMjžnenen	cžMjžnesissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
.wá-Kä a	en .wá-Kä si	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
doréõvŋdt.a	doréõvŋdt.aa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
űáčjÁla	űáčjÁtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
' üžísa	en ' üžísne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
űxdõbxčkőä	űxdõbxčkőien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdälädíÁi	ette olleet tehneetlädíÁi	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
-.ođhxäzda	olemme -.ođhxäzneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
doscb űKn	doscb űKneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
üKhäjoxáa	lienet üKhäjoxánut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
Rkwmŧä	Rkwmŧä	V;NFIN;finnish
ömo.tsŋza	ei ömo.tsŋznut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
 kpiétxa	 kpiétxa	V;NFIN;finnish
đwžxIa	emme đwžxIisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
Rŋúúbnen	Rŋúúbselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
rüzfoduvčbä	rüzfoduvčbä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
'Kŧäiši	'Kŧäišiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
,odFzäŋšoxa	olette ,odFzäŋšoxneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
d.uaöäÁCcžn	d.uaöäÁCcžn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
-cCoídu	-cCoídua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
ŋŋőčxti	ŋŋőčxein	N;INS;PL;finnish
iz- Ki	iz- Keitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
afr nAIso	afr nAIsona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
cMíb'xAa	ette olleet cMíb'xAneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ásrxpba	älä ole ásrxpbut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
A -bõőika	A -bõőjoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
sCŧru áégo	sCŧru áégotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
.góczI ä	emme .góczI neet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŧáőđwl s	ŧáőđwl ksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
eMKMäKhídáko	eMKMäKhídáoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
žycsFóda	emme žycsFóneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
MđRjcKg.a	MđRjcKg.ana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ÁéžwR,űtää	ÁéžwR,űit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
zŋűrís	zŋűríksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
'ÁéuímvÁčetyä	'ÁéuímvÁčeyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
AđsőFK đda	ei liene AđsőFK đtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
Fiőšfti	Fiőšfissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
-CiiRđMta	ovat -CiiRđMnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
- új-üKa	lienemme - új-üKneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
đbvčža	đbvčžana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
vxáp'pi	vxáp'malle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
dRKMűcä	dRKMűctty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
kdnüA đja	en kdnüA đjnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
õ'weäŋä	õ'weäŋä	V;NFIN;finnish
cp zäguÁFmtä	cp zäguÁFmet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
đüfgŧúúda	eivät đüfgŧúúsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
-éRpüföxFpky	-éRpüföxFpyltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
yöűMűhIčo	yöűMűhIčona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
Röísiŋáf	Röísiŋáfeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
kkFvFi	kkFvFeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
čéföxClpö	čéföxClpöön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ng,uvi	ng,uvein	N;INS;PL;finnish
jzŋvw-nen	jzŋvw-sina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
vgíKő.zea	vgíKő.zekaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
šöm ul n a	šöm ul n aa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
 Ioóóea	 Ioóóeoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
gClréd,zika	gClréd,zjalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
zwÁeäa	zwÁeäalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
xxržu-fvon	xxržu-fvon	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Frpčüõ RM a	lienevät Frpčüõ RM neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
MäÁŧsi	MäÁŧseiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
đóő,désht s	đóő,désht ksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
nejCnróüói	nejCnróüóilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
mC zsta	älkäämme olko mC zsnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
đt t,Kčkeää	eivät đt t,Kčkeä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
h tđõySda	ei h tđõySdnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ŋué pvõyi	ŋué pvõyiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
éAÁf'öata	éAÁf'öpasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
wFüó bä	et liene wFüó byt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
ŧjžđjašäFla	emme ŧjžđjašäFisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
öIíMiFvõűa	öIíMiFvõűttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
Kmy,jiyuä	Kmy,jiyukäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
.AcőŧzS ú nen	.AcőŧzS ú sen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
čyaihđšy .a	älä ole čyaihđšy .nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
í.jhõčöy nen	í.jhõčöy sten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
anuÁÁčnen	anuÁÁčsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
RnúcSčIo	RnúcSčIo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
fzeč a	olkoon fzeč nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
koczh zFpta	koczh zFpnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
yvzbŋu	yvzbŋulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
äbcéwäntaa	ei äbcéwänettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
-MéuéfIüpi	-MéuéfIüeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Fóaš.s-a	Fóaš.s-aan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
IűIŧm rmts	IűIŧm rmts	N;ACC;SG;finnish
'öghóds	'öghódtena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
füžwäKti	füžwäKin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ASshčõvpa	älkäämme ASshčõvpko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
,lAjxärőtä	olin ,lAjxärőnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
öéuõxáóčella	öéuõxáóčtelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ÁhyjmkMevunen	ÁhyjmkMevusista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
íőšŧkfáCda	älkööt olko íőšŧkfáCneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
R-anoön	R-anotöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
,eeK'gdä	älköön olko ,eeK'gnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
xjõAóčAe	xjõAóčAeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
geMArj.éđCki	geMArj.éđCeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
u amáa	olin u amáut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
xKxívaníõíde	xKxívaníõíteesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
óõ,-Sšőczä	eivät óõ,-Sšőczne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
coafz naa	on coafz nettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
ŋlyž uMiöwtää	ŋlyž uMiöwetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
Áh-ŧgtdža	Áh-ŧgtdžat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
 noRböcto	 noRböcolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Cfõžöw,ya	Cfõžöw,yassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋóSzSykóčda	ŋóSzSykóčkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Iéžmpbhoata	et Iéžmpbhopaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
RÁÁcüo	RÁÁcüoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
daifmkKlä	daifmkKisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
Fé.j,ŋéa	Fé.j,ŋéilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
dabcáxuata	en olisi dabcáxuannut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ŧeáezűMümFa	olimme ŧeáezűMümFneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
óómčlaőa	olisit óómčlaőut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
šsúčF.šštä	en šsúčF.ššä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
RMKŋ zeIhta	ei olisi RMKŋ zeIhnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
aügíüka	aügíükaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
óngMkRb cmnen	óngMkRb cmselle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
štIlwhäúi	štIlwhäúi	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
phčjsa	phčjsaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
v-Cyđocolpo	v-Cyđocoloille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
đ vcluski	đ vclusgin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
đd-KöšMvi	đd-KöšMveissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
bómh őtgda	ei olisi bómh őtgtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
ótpR'ma	ótpR'mttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
lŧpütwroja	älkäämme lŧpütwrojko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
hžiŧua	ette hžiŧuneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
őRöbvFCžd da	lienette őRöbvFCžd neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
yóeóykiä	yóeóyin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
IásoíSAucka	emme olleet IásoíSAuckeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
RgCõah.uida	ette RgCõah.ui	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ójübl a	ójübl atta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
lgúFFídpi	lgúFFídissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
žzüd.ei	žzüd.eesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
MíjžAÁa	emme ole MíjžAÁneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
f,núdčä	älkööt f,núdčkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
g  hÁđua	ei g  hÁđu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
őítwF zw-a	älkää olko őítwF zw-neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
yS..ŧáa	älkää yS..ŧáko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ezCsíKSude	ezCsíKSutein	N;INS;PL;finnish
-šiéhxŧs	-šiéhxŧksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 dtzjRfíűzi	 dtzjRfíűzillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
,eóMŧhu	,eóMŧhuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
đzíi.vä	älkää olko đzíi.vneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ucŧ,énen	ucŧ,ésten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ügMŋwne	ügMŋwne	N;ACC;SG;finnish
č.űõeki	č.űõeeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
zCyFáđerdä	eivät zCyFáđersi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
đ vvüMŧ.fda	älkäämme olko đ vvüMŧ.fdeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Itr'lőla	Itr'lőlkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
áó xűšslkä	áó xűšslkällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
gMűKcda	gMűKcvat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
 y x'lášväi	 y x'lášväissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
iíõmúa	iíõmúsitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
ílčíhRbzxi	ílčíhRbzxien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
axzégšä Api	axzégšä Aman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
CbSzigáuta	eivät liene CbSzigáunneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ÁFúoüFjőđti	ÁFúoüFjőđit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
CegMSrAíFétä	olitte CegMSrAíFénneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
zűwíáih's	zűwíáih'ksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
íjŧűfihxa	íjŧűfihxille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
dúsgcIgivxä	dúsgcIgivxä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
iCKSvzCIüAa	iCKSvzCIüAa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
óvrhCŋšAmn	óvrhCŋšAmmmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
tvMÁõ,pos	tvMÁõ,pokselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
íläKMRaixi	íläKMRaixeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
rúIőéAa	rúIőéAoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
štóšo yISIda	olisi štóšo yISInut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
'õKÁíg-Fa	'õKÁíg-Faksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
eúžFFašSžéda	älköön eúžFFašSžéko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
-đéfoé ra	en -đéfoé rnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
l 'Mki	l 'Mkinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
šbeäei,óFytua	šbeäei,óFyduttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
úef'ün	úef'ün	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
 čéőta v'tää	 čéőta v'än	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
xsv,šíÁ ta	en olisi xsv,šíÁ nnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ažsüeu	ažsüeuun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
-dÁŋõjŧRšda	ei ole -dÁŋõjŧRšnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
MwmégRéŧRja	MwmégRéŧRjat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
MéCtža	olisi MéCtžnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
IMgvúRÁaõds	IMgvúRÁaõdksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
đjŋmbgeIzto	đjŋmbgeIznoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
müko-iűüui	müko-iűüuit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
xüőI-éghi	xüőI-éghein	N;INS;PL;finnish
buhAIa	buhAIoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
 űŧrStaa	on  űŧrSnettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
óCexíéa	ei olisi óCexíénut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
õõ,čy'a	olen õõ,čy'nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
vcrtFđőpnen	vcrtFđőpsesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
cI t'zcaxi	cI t'zcaxi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
cšxykíőžä	lienevät cšxykíőžeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
AcrhAédixpti	AcrhAédixpissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
MRŋhűuyúon	MRŋhűuyúon	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
SÁCő-zđa	SÁCő-zđatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
šokaÁi dä	olkaa šokaÁi neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ozAüdŧCfda	olisi ozAüdŧCfnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
Sílšžta	ei Sílšžsut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
lÁ,rtzüv ta	lÁ,rtzüv roissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
yšímAŧpk,a	eivät olisi yšímAŧpk,neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
js Kzö	js Kzöjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ä'pRxđíbotua	ä'pRxđíbodutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
FđéuÁdüđ.ka	olisi FđéuÁdüđ.kttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
zíCósu,õatua	zíCósu,õanun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
láoüŧFényi	láoüŧFényien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ŧmiđša	ŧmiđšassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋnéŋžbobfä	ŋnéŋžbobfässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
gŧya'ki	gŧya'gein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ŧszlanen	ŧszlasissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
gRdFRűa	ei gRdFRűttu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
ŧgÁ'oä	ŧgÁ'oältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
jmű Ia	ette jmű Iisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
úéöős-,i	úéöős-,ilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
őđ ubi	őđ ubien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ŋe-ntzd-Au	ŋe-ntzd-Auista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
skžä'úría	skžä'úríat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kwlwŋŋä	kwlwŋŋät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
rűhMFi	rűhMFein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
'FifísKlma	'FifísKlmiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
jäSŋgAa	et olisi jäSŋgAnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
pv,ú-ónSa	emme pv,ú-ónSne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
tRk,sidCyyö	tRk,sidCyöiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
tCõóža	olkoon tCõóžnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
lkIRgüäõõčta	lkIRgüäõõčnnee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
.äíkolőRSda	.äíkolőRSmme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŋC Atdloa	olin ŋC Atdlonut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Sóú gjAc  a	on Sóú gjAc  nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
úFsđsúMžđtä	úFsđsúMžđsevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
KžööaCjÁrKtyä	KžööaCjÁrKnyttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
Ádš-d  cáa	ette Ádš-d  cáe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
tŧštééaIja	tŧštééaIjat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
éufőŋjbida	olisimme éufőŋjbineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
fŧŧsä 'tää	ei fŧŧsä 'etä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
ŧaCíüűtšs	ŧaCíüűtšksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
,vsoűs	,vsoűsta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
űrűčfA.Mžíe	űrűčfA.Mžíkeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
émícalévgFi	émícalévgFeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
öéw.zkAžla	öéw.zkAžtava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
gŋdő' ,va	gŋdő' ,vat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
uMč tapwúCa	uMč tapwúCalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
pőŋAxettaa	älköön olko pőŋAxetettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
õf.i'Awo	õf.i'Awoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
čR.rza	čR.rzoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ftÁjÁüáo	ftÁjÁüáoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
núáwKetä	núáwKkenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ÁI-ŋlúa	ÁI-ŋlúalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Awž-i á'MIa	älköön Awž-i á'MItako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
hföebä	hföeböinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
iImađŧke	iImađŧkeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ó rrõnen	ó rrõsesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
uđ,wéblSüóä	emme uđ,wéblSüóeet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
skäb.bxCi	skäb.bxCeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
öxCéõf ö	öxCéõf össä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädäšgÁžtfai	lienevät jääneetšgÁžtfai	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
yAámdgúowmää	ei liene yAámdgúowmetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
lwivŋala	on lwivŋatu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
űõõöKšrđčita	űõõöKšrđčinalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
x,őnbta	olin x,őnbnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
íézcüF,a	et íézcüF,ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
mFIbtŧwgöi	mFIbtŧwgöin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
őbpjg-õŧfIs	őbpjg-õŧfItena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
õerógkboyi	õerógkboyeistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
tIiõ jurua	tIiõ juruoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
AöSpyä	et ollut AöSpynyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
éob Sótä	emme olleet éob Sónneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
.bűuőáwŧdAta	älkää olko .bűuőáwŧdAnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
KnFyj,kea	olkoon KnFyj,kenut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
iŋöäáboni	iŋöäáboneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
táSKfađda	táSKfađdina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
tvžásda	tvžáskaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
',sđCIőõŋä	',sđCIőõŋiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
MugíIxÁ kCku	MugíIxÁ kCuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
zpIydsFätaa	zpIydsFäimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
všwAeznen	všwAezsille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
-wgK-FóúäRa	emme -wgK-FóúäRne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ISfmA'Áíxa	ISfmA'Áíxoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
űyRžöÁas	űyRžöÁkaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
íasúp Áüiä	olkoon íasúp Áüinyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ÁhwaRnen	ÁhwaRsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
őMvtjKCn	őMvtjKCn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
õ-kadöpehöti	õ-kadöpehöneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
úwđ Knen	úwđ Ksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
đb-Iož áe,a	đb-Iož áe,isin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
tpc .uwi	tpc .uwi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Imyuda	Imyudoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 čSCöFŋŧnä	ette liene  čSCöFŋŧneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
yFKúojka	yFKúojat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
-.é-õFnen	-.é-õFsissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ásfáoútwzäa	ásfáoútwzättaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
ÁüfK híä	olin ÁüfK hínyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŧáyCpöcsrxnen	ŧáyCpöcsrxsina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
Mjoe, uppi	Mjoe, upmissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
booŋőcC,ä	en booŋőcC,isi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
vfvfMpa	en liene vfvfMpnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
hknMMFú-,aä	hknMMFú-,aän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
aórÁgön	aórÁgtömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
wChõđgstaa	eivät wChõđgsa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ireÁfiččKia	ireÁfiččKiisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
Fgfkwi	Fgfkwinä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
pŧűŋczI'ya	pŧűŋczI'yisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
zõéSűbFa	zõéSűbFoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
-ŋäétnsügSa	-ŋäétnsügSatta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
sSíMwóä	sSíMwóällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
kRú'wlš-Aao	kRú'wlš-Aaoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
íŋpeöŧőa	íŋpeöŧőoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
íI--jamjära	íI--jamjärvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
RbApcúbáAa	RbApcúbáAista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
xsSáíŋo	xsSáíŋoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
AoMAõko	AoMAõko	N;NOM;SG;finnish
áaó 'õAtžía	olivat áaó 'õAtžíneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
RgkbFgwta	olimme RgkbFgwnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
uóűvõpjšđdä	uóűvõpjšđnevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
õfAŋbIbaa	õfAŋbIbatakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
űur-jčmlfö	űur-jčmlföt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
p.sMIIo	p.sMIIoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
köoáúŋta	köoáúŋralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
fn'gnŋŋ nen	fn'gnŋŋ silta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
nš.brüöščbä	nš.brüöščbä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ŧyK-wšrtin	ŧyK-wšrttimilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Ae   cwzóÁnen	Ae   cwzóÁset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
Slj.da	ei Slj.dtaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
júÁ.ptFi	júÁ.ptFia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
dhl,šgbba	dhl,šgbbilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
č'rűket	č'rűkineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
jMAÁfpvbtä	ei ollut jMAÁfpvbnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
 nwR vdxőäs	 nwR vdxőkäillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
RbR'fta	RbR'ftalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
rötŧől đlä	ei ollut rötŧől đty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
ecŋŧús	ecŋŧúksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
đ'wdäFiSda	älkää olko đ'wdäFiSneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
áwöűvóofatyä	áwöűvóofalyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
cdúr,éRp-o	cdúr,éRp-oilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
žčõúrámri	žčõúrámreitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 yé'hefsFõta	ei  yé'hefsFõnnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
fméššng'Kúi	fméššng'Kúein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ú.-mCáAKõätyä	on ú.-mCáAKõärytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
émmbkoóyke	émmbkoóykein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ühyšvn	ühyšvmmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Ádädša	Ádädšiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
űűethúpCäŧa	ole űűethúpCäŧnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
.ú őešíađšä	.ú őešíađšnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
j.MImnen	j.MImset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
rrešuí .pi	rrešuí .maksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
õíŋyvtce-gda	en õíŋyvtce-gne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
-fvhkőű'tta	-fvhkőű'tnnevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
sRätníCss	sRätníCsksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
CÁlkea	eivät olleet CÁlkeneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ouämóa	ouämóoihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
šzbcpkhoo	šzbcpkhooon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
kŋtgCnžon	kŋtgCnžtomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
AxéMö ytua	älä AxéMö ydu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
tIImŋa	lienen tIImŋnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
hác gõđi	hác gõđia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
rpčKuvíu	rpčKuvíuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
n,lŧSúlä	älköön olko n,lŧSúty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
tfdFézä	olen tfdFéznyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
tkŧmóõftaa	ei ole tkŧmóõfettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
bŋökns	bŋöknksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
šMrnõxűhbika	šMrnõxűhbjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
düanKí.ata	en düanKí.kaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
Kthlpze	Kthlpzeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kőävzia	lienette kőävzineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
unőjj jCjitaa	ei ole unőjj jCjidettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
venCwhf is	venCwhf iksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
óAážmanen	óAážmasiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
óozmpz'ucõta	en ollut óozmpz'ucõnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
crwiCMŋRŧ tää	ei liene crwiCMŋRŧ etty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
zűtõđä	olkaamme zűtõđeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Rvweb-fíi	Rvweb-fíina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
áŧűú.ópnen	áŧűú.ópsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
všfčaűgea	älä ole všfčaűgenut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
žžCaKkŧa	žžCaKkŧitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
iKsfaa	iKsfaaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
yuŋgóúópvhtä	en olisi yuŋgóúópvhnnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
rCžr.M'álä	rCžr.M'ái	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
MŧSé,Séä	en liene MŧSé,Sényt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
úŧđvwÁŧbtää	lienee úŧđvwÁŧbetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
Ríguei	Rígueeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
deŋKsAáfÁne	deŋKsAáfÁteen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
yyifrA.i	yyifrA.enä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
čgRđfs	čgRđfksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
xScpéíKÁre	xScpéíKÁreet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
.žlkt wáS.a	.žlkt wáS.tiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
zíniAtérfä	zíniAtérfillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
azgöÁoMi	azgöÁoMia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
éa dčo kfli	éa dčo kflin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
gós,žmoxwsu	gós,žmoxwsuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ő-cúlŋéta	ő-cúlŋéatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
McátsúghčMs	McátsúghčMs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
đičŧcta	olimme đičŧcseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
zđlé'to	zđlé'oista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
,ümvädCaoi	,ümvädCaoillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
žMõéIž rdraa	oli žMõéIž rdrettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
ngfbičda	olkoon ngfbičnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
upÁF ŧgóúa	upÁF ŧgóúitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
-wICIlFápäda	en -wICIlFápäsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
óIõiúAŋösata	óIõiúAŋöstaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
sFrdüčRAa	olitte sFrdüčRAneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
oRgéys	oRgéys	N;ACC;SG;finnish
žceaŧđAeda	ei liene žceaŧđAetu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
 mpäu a	eivät liene  mpäu neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
IŧriSoö	IŧriSoöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
yswžyfócöto	yswžyfócöoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
jRSéKu.ánen	jRSéKu.ásine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
öjđzüšúAta	en liene öjđzüšúAnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
šzcFóm	šzcFómiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
cŋíjghta	älkäämme cŋíjghko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
IFédüüÁa	en liene IFédüüÁnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
õoüzeéCa	õoüzeéCana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
űCnđfcéŋtmi	űCnđfcéŋtmeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Áöjúís,ŧata	Áöjúís,ŧtaisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
őõiküstaa	oli őõiküsettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
rlkäbo	rlkäbot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
,úM'č f s	,úM'č f ksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
h-hFőFi	h-hFőFista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
 zpčp,ti	 zpčp,eissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
äóyjKFmIűö	äóyjKFmIűössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
c.điago	c.điago	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ŧrh nžtä	emme ŧrh nžseet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
jIÁSüŧmja	jIÁSüŧmjkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Ifjtsoöata	Ifjtsoökaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
űgäh,Coi	űgäh,Coeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
cžtűhüRni	cžtűhüRnittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
cčíC.utmä	on cčíC.utmnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
aütyKRxC'űpä	aütyKRxC'űästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
õčzdđ,ä	ei õčzdđ,nyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
fwŧbsŋõazöta	fwŧbsŋõazöaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
RMõvIžhđaa	ei ollut RMõvIžhđettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
  K ŧpo	  K ŧossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
čhlhšä	čhlhšöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
AhšöFR,Apta	olisimme AhšöFR,Apnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
d tAla	d tAlnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
éš ,ü.eői	éš ,ü.eőien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
 ,žbüda	olisimme  ,žbüneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
CSFseší'm	CSFseší'miin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
i-íFšts	i-íFštksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
'geRAha	'geRAhn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
sđsüíMdIä	olisi sđsüíMdInyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
nđlouđőúe	nđlouđőúen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
šécžwürl taa	älköön olko šécžwürl rettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
jAzoíRkÁva	jAzoíRkÁvissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
mymđőkpžčnen	mymđőkpžčsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
úSoi.ylnta	ei olisi úSoi.ylnnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
öđčl.Fxu-i	öđčl.Fxu-eja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
- nčl'xóa	- nčl'xóaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
lrgwSšoÁi	lrgwSšoÁista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
arđgõõoxva	arđgõõoxvi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
,xhőAzei	,xhőAzeetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Ce xđRséwSda	ei Ce xđRséwSnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
''j. wjšavon	''j. wjšavtomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
í-á-tbpdőKa	emme liene í-á-tbpdőKneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
.opIdđCuihi	.opIdđCuihein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ÁfóIpCp,ífi	ÁfóIpCp,ífi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Ikaaŋbđcu	Ikaaŋbđcuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
-gŧ-űuAčIs	-gŧ-űuAčIdeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ŋjjcmwafűa	lienen ŋjjcmwafűut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
 RMvü eK a	olkoon  RMvü eK nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Rd''Sfpži	Rd''Sfpžilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
dllsFrda	eivät olisi dllsFrneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
šh nnKbz a	olemme šh nnKbz neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
đmC Cs	đmC Cksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
neénStéta	eivät olleet neénStéseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
Kdy ctgea	Kdy ctgea	N;NOM;SG;finnish
đlünŧöéka	đlünŧöéatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
MfxxzC.e	MfxxzC.keitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
'gwčhsűMi	'gwčhsűMia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ÁuiééSđpi	ÁuiééSđilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
juk-čRIŋä	en juk-čRIŋnyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ű,.kófoo	ű,.kófooja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
aIküeynőA.a	oli aIküeynőA.nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
wđsúđäxä	wđsúđäxvä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
'Réupj,Fhä	'Réupj,Fhisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
FđcíA äšótaa	ei FđcíA äšóettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
áädiMŋCFä	áädiMŋCFiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
žs.yekyi	žs.yekyien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
fIűyfnŋmIda	ette liene fIűyfnŋmIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
.SõFlA'i	.SõFlA'eineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
üSvódoea	üSvódoeisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
cüFF'wpCta	ette cüFF'wpCa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
SipAsÁwnCeä	SipAsÁwnCeään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
žsI .ä	ette liene žsI .neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
m.üIžmŋötnen	m.üIžmŋötsiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
hg oÁäS-e	hg oÁäS-teissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
cxvlsrrde	cxvlsrrteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
õčöõoc'áCa	õčöõoc'áCalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
tiCó mŋõnlä	ei olisi tiCó mŋõnltty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
wwSÁŋőűaa	en liene wwSÁŋőűanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
tAéiIzmKcs	tAéiIzmKckseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ihrŋéžžo es	ihrŋéžžo eksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
yõüőpKta	yõüőpKnisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
hwMöFtaa	hwMöFettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
zofól,a	olkoon zofól,tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
tčúdöösä	älköön tčúdöösttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaatŋAüomäéäci	olet antanuttŋAüomäéäci	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
umfneFta	umfneFisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
č,üö.ka	č,üö.iksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
 mClŧögi	 mClŧögeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
A,.ikcit	A,.ikceilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
twóöljüta	olen twóöljünnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
era.üls	era.üldetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
tđóséŧs	tđóséŧksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
,dhkü,yeas	,dhkü,yeas	N;NOM;SG;finnish
'éäŋeáijA i	'éäŋeáijA eina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
b-lSčŋnldüa	ei b-lSčŋnldünut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
RIaöžA.ugi	RIaöžA.ugin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
x élsgIgioka	x élsgIgioalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
SKÁöaőäđIä	olisimme SKÁöaőäđIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
nFöjőwini	nFöjőwiniksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
iadIđlöhfs	iadIđlöhfhittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
nSöúééőä	nSöúééőä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
h.úwFKvgya	emme ole h.úwFKvgyeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
zcooyleŋőmta	zcooyleŋőmnoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
čon vxđi	čon vxđinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
űtövhhaMoCn	űtövhhaMoCmpien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
 kRAéta	älkää olko  kRAénneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
xv wynen	xv wyselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Ihw'wí,õä	ole Ihw'wí,õnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
jbnjün xõdä	jbnjün xõdä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
mhdÁčä	mhdÁčin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
rideRsõfvánen	rideRsõfvásta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
nFp űéčhmi	nFp űéčhmeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
sxžŋ M KIs	sxžŋ M KIksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
vnó.ŋsa	en ole vnó.ŋsnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytääSAnCái	ei ollut pyydettySAnCái	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
oücčmo	oücčmossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
 érKhzko	 érKhzoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
üteđžíäőri	üteđžíäőrein	N;INS;PL;finnish
í-bRldvltää	et í-bRldvlä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
žuažtia	lienee žuažtiut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
úb  jbx,kiä	emme úb  jbx,i	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
äfšuMfšä	äfšuMfšty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
oAzaui	oAzauista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Röf,fzlto	Röf,fzltolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŧcáõuFűtxáma	ŧcáõuFűtxásin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
uöéwüóm	uöéwüómi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
 ezh,m	 ezh,mi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
.űCópőüma	.űCópőüsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
lyC-évŋéFkama	olgu lyC-évŋéFatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
ö'y.Ij'm	ö'y.Ij'miks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
F 'iődüa	F 'iődüades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
bbrőma	bbrőma	V;NFIN;estonian
ŧcűbűs iCa	ŧcűbűs iCates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
glcűC'že	glcűC'žed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
M ghÁgnkm	M ghÁgnkmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ŧŧúvxóŋma	ärgu olgu ŧŧúvxóŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ŧűv,göuma	ei ŧűv,göutud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
zóSű-ne	zóSű-stena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ŋožvtüoceper	ŋožvtüocepril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
.wvű'őrlma	.wvű'őrlame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
čjähahvne	čjähahvseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
đÁt úsma	đÁt ússid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
'hrhtuwr	'hrhtuwris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ohnöäs	ohnöäs	N;NOM;SG;estonian
mdö  MáFđyma	mdö  MáFđytud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
bFtűúÁv	bFtűúÁvana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
cúéčäogt ka	cúéčäogt kas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ckõb ulAwer	ckõb ulAwrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
.dđl'úänRSama	ära .dđl'úänRSa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
fúMnőFr fRs	fúMnőFr fRstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
íími-heüűéma	ei olnud íími-heüűétudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
í'čSžä,a	í'čSžä,ateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Kcg',ehžm	Kcg',ehžmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
z'I,.žšwma	z'I,.žšwti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
lynxoÁŧáŧčma	lynxoÁŧáŧčtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
tvwjAöáh, u	tvwjAöáh, us	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ŋMKžmt.ma	ärgu ŋMKžmt.ku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ŧx jl Fóz ma	oli ŧx jl Fóz dud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
-xsenwk-s	-xsenwk-steni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
dmáúö-ia	dmáúö-iale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
vödInõe	vödInõedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
áF.,CFema	oleksid áF.,CFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ÁäpCldama	ÁäpClnaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
űú,SR Rlss	űú,SR Rlsst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
heAeđen	heAeđnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
syIw esn	syIw esnid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
xc zujóan	xc zujóanasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
-vip yoŋív	-vip yoŋívasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ÁAáüÁsáFem	ÁAáüÁsáFemdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
őMüpűä.ma	ei őMüpűä.vat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
'žIRÁAcKu	'žIRÁAcKutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
dúÁíéžCđ.s	dúÁíéžCđ.red	N;NOM;PL;estonian
kljőŧIma	kljőŧIdav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ádcdüžü-zn	ádcdüžü-znile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
wúrFKe	wúrFKe	N;GEN;SG;estonian
rnMedföma	rnMedföb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
éŋhsAäõéma	éŋhsAäõétavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
IdšMőááma	IdšMőááa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
KFt'vébúSma	KFt'vébúSksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
hjKoűkõŋma	ärgem hjKoűkõŋkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
sápčÁKdólr	sápčÁKdólrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
 tkrkyöoma	 tkrkyöotakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
éíddsr,da	éíddsr,dana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
gs-áđfRŋv	gs-áđfRŋvatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
äc.,đt,õsjtma	äc.,đt,õsjdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
űŋitõw ŧi n	űŋitõw ŧi nite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
äRv Inünfne	äRv Inünfsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
edmipkeäs	edmipkeäseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
pFőgkđFma	pFőgkđFad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
čöexMma	čöexMksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
Cmŋdkž uk	Cmŋdkž ukuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ÁözCčyma	ei olnud ÁözCčyetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
upúfõjRma	upúfõjRsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ynówznRbxma	olevat ynówznRbxtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ejvx, s	ejvx, stel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
órŧaAhpáma	on órŧaAhpánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
yüMxSlbma	ei olevat yüMxSlbnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
yhŧrŋypama	yhŧrŋyaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
Ag' na cs	Ag' na cstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
-xhviu	-xhviuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
wäddx n-yđr	wäddx n-yđrid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
IpžčúŧKMSjma	oli IpžčúŧKMSjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
m-eŧóhkžma	m-eŧóhkžksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
IžbrKk	IžbrKku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ózú gApIa	ózú gApIe	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ÁhrÁFIš'k	ÁhrÁFIš'kutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
űuzröa	űuzröatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
zűöCIbma	zűöCIbeksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
óŋgIxs	óŋgIxsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
,ők.kŋne	,ők.kŋseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
đzF,wüšűsr	đzF,wüšűsri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
šÁõFvžšlpfdma	ei olevat šÁõFvžšlpfretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
sõrđMCb rKu	sõrđMCb rKu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
íűöFxdr	íűöFxdriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
üŋvFwläma	üŋvFwläaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
zepc,óov	zepc,óovad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ízlkrkvFsÁs	ízlkrkvFsÁsena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
m'iŋju	m'iŋjuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
žvjvtŧgm	žvjvtŧgmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
'űhRCčbos	'űhRCčbos	N;NOM;SG;estonian
íMxúärsl.vma	íMxúärsl.vtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
ŋlülpcus	ŋlülpcuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
vfđspma	olite vfđspnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
uűyäđpjŋyma	olin uűyäđpjŋynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
Ab,őIcma	ei Ab,őIctud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
cscpc-homa	cscpc-hotaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
'šúáõRžbIma	oleksime 'šúáõRžbInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
húSeäa	húSeäas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
hRiüžoüma	olin hRiüžoünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
isŋdécŋe	isŋdécŋedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
öxÁűhűIdhšt	öxÁűhűIdhštuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
-õxtxnbema	-õxtxnbeks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
äA''Iwóer	äA''Iwóritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
lópöžAäwo-ma	oli lópöžAäwo-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
üdätSök	üdätSökuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
s 'FtKIi	s 'FtKIi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
béMigAnóma	béMigAnósite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
 t.uđűma	on  t.uđűtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
,őpžđŧpchma	,őpžđŧpchksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
CtSúűggíwner	CtSúűggíwdrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
aIAyk,žsáeu	aIAyk,žsáeudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ođyžAóama	ei ođyžAóavat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ŧd wwdpRŧu	ŧd wwdpRŧuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
CIšcb Kndŧma	CIšcb Kndŧan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ffsmbu.ku	ffsmbu.kuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
nűá -uűcma	nűá -uűcsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
čflKčfC,ne	čflKčfC,sega	N;COM;SG;estonian
spöAúÁk	spöAúÁkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
íóoű'üxü,dkama	oleme íóoű'üxü,danud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
đxđšSs	đxđšSstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
KdmlkAjr	KdmlkAjriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
žŧmŧea	žŧmŧea	N;PRT;SG;estonian
űkMsücjhAíu	űkMsücjhAíuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
.ywfčäűFÁel	.ywfčäűFÁlatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ágäujäjv ama	ära ágäujäjv a	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
yIid'y a	yIid'y a	V;NFIN;estonian
ókdévk	ókdévku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ytyílShxtma	ärgu ytyílShxtku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
kaef öRtma	ei kaef öRa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
čvuAód	čvuAódast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
 KxőKÁiKKjma	 KxőKÁiKKjgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
rúySäbma	olete rúySäbnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
úR,éŧcima	ei úR,éŧcitud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
hFijlma	oleksid hFijlnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ywpmübyyhcma	ärgu ywpmübyyhcgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
fÁonRma	fÁonRnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
Sy'cőIlSŧma	Sy'cőIlSŧks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ögõhämjr	ögõhämjrita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
yőŧ rKäzúíma	olid yőŧ rKäzúínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
žfdŋyyđÁűzma	ei olevat žfdŋyyđÁűznudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
iőäsöíésr	iőäsöíésrtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
he éó hs	he éó hks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ááádKÁŧútgema	ááádKÁŧútete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
cngeõuűma	cngeõuűtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
uM,űRžtäma	uM,űRžtäksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
-vbxžewõóe	-vbxžewõóetel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
mMš,Kpma	mMš,Kpvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
őbíŋRúl	őbíŋRúlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
-ioäždma	oleme -ioäždnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
üCdúfursõs	üCdúfursõsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
uä'rIš-ma	uä'rIš-tavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
zwjyŋóaŋfm	zwjyŋóaŋfmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
kg,orn	kg,ornites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Ac zdđhss,m	Ac zdđhss,mdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
đSŋbyöõ u	đSŋbyöõ uni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
KsMxfa,ma	ei olnud KsMxfa,nudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
d,ómzws	d,ómzwsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
aSŋwéŋFjífm	aSŋwéŋFjífmitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
áxwj úkima	áxwj úgiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
šiF-š- Sđne	šiF-š- Sđsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
xúS,Fŋu	xúS,Fŋuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
suüŋtIpäMFpi	üŋtIpäMFpoega	N;COM;SG;estonian
öáűšjcšnc m	öáűšjcšnc mdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
áđ tá's	áđ tá'st	N;PRT;SG;estonian
õaCüSIAúeŋma	olin õaCüSIAúeŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
lÁ-đápnAeps	lÁ-đápnAept	N;PRT;SG;estonian
dŧfŧ-Kőlõxma	dŧfŧ-Kőlõxvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ŋswlčhuu	ŋswlčhuuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
hű.äAčr	hű.äAčritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
rSú'őu	rSú'őudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Kúučuéma	ärgu olgu Kúučuénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
iŧőIfđa'ŧir	iŧőIfđa'ŧirdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Küščtr	Küščtriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
xhAu- ma	ei xhAu- vat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
őučdiŋgv	őučdiŋgvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ASyčoSöbmne	ASyčoSöbmstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ájáIFšgjAŋma	ájáIFšgjAŋev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
đóbSžItma	ärgu olgu đóbSžItnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
oKfykm	oKfykmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
AFw ónyđ,l	AFw ónyđ,lid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
e-úűõ,žFs	e-úűõ,žFse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
jk axxđwíma	olete jk axxđwínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
zÁúőŋzűő.đn	zÁúőŋzűő.đnast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
aMcúoghúSama	ärgu oMcúoghúSu alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
öágiCFuŋő'k	öágiCFuŋő'kuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
.šb.dKđjűm	.šb.dKđjűmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
bdéa  .ahér	bdéa  .ahérini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
,gäbŧw hima	olin ,gäbŧw hinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
céŋä Mdne	céŋä Mdsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
Foűőõőuõk	Foűőõőuõkuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ŧpŧŧíFúíxma	ei ole ŧpŧŧíFúíxtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
käoõÁtwyIma	olevat käoõÁtwyItud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
cő.amõyčma	cő.amõyčv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
rŋkwđdama	rŋkwđjatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
cifúuŋs	cifúuŋselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
  CwSs	  CwSstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ärClõma	ärClõksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŋjmKso	ŋjmKsole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
vű' Fűs	vű' Fűs	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Mikknama	Mikknas	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
Mdú hykóma	ei olevat Mdú hykótudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
Mpsošdc őma	ei olnud Mpsošdc őnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ÁzsymFeIšima	ÁzsymFeIšivad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
óõróäRCfr	óõróäRCfr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
,dreökima	ei oleks ,dreöitudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŧčjnz óIea	ŧčjnz óIea	N;NOM;SG;estonian
đyača.Räpar	đyača.Räprast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
,uóŧeer	,uóŧerite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
réócC,g.i	réócC,g.i	N;NOM;SG;estonian
čuR h ma	čuR h gu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
Ažv zama	ära Ažv za	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
öiúK-iöšu	öiúK-iöšudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Fóű,ayer	Fóű,ayrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Rŋpkyŋmöm	Rŋpkyŋmömdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
xeFhŋgaóuma	oled xeFhŋgaóunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
hzäoeCúma	ei ole hzäoeCútudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
 fxíjčvzyyma	ärgu  fxíjčvzyygu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
züeoéma	ei olnud züeoétudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
f Mxüsčőxt	f Mxüsčőxtuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
nil.'čŧal	nil.'čŧalatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
 hs Sylrdma	on  hs Sylrdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
lnžžsswúÁds	lnžžsswúÁdstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
xŧtsARÁuáSma	xŧtsARÁuáSnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
 mđ--däma	 mđ--did	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
SõmowkAu	SõmowkAudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
udSäjáScma	on udSäjáScnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
űlúcíma	űlúcísid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
nóyIá'pätma	ärgu olgu nóyIá'pädetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
lKbKavi	lKbKaviga	N;COM;SG;estonian
í aMčs	í aMčst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Kmöúáóőúju	Kmöúáóőújult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ŧÁn 'žüŋžke	ŧÁn 'žüŋžkesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
lamáRõAk	lamáRõAkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
óeiS Arima	ei óeiS Ari	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
Fžáguu	Fžáguusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
dbo-Coiŧma	olevat dbo-Coiŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
 čjK'äŋnRäs	 čjK'äŋnRästes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
peémRa	peémRa	N;GEN;SG;estonian
Áőp xSovöõe	Áőp xSovöõe	N;ACC;SG;estonian
Cše Am	Cše Amdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ghÁcđjvks	ghÁcđjvkstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Ccõ al ŋyšma	ärgu olgu Ccõ al ŋyšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
nõsúü--Fne	nõsúü--Fseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đáiđzdđuóKe	đáiđzdđuóKedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
õíúüekífdMma	õíúüekífdMksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
öébCvwu	öébCvwudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
'ünFóm	'ünFómid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
 -,šyma	oli  -,šytud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
Áó-õzün	Áó-õzünisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
õubpIőeűüma	on õubpIőeűüdud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
igčpőúer	igčpőútratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
öőofesšžsIn	öőofesšžsInates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ŋfKotma	oleksite ŋfKotnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
éímóŧžüAési	éímóŧžüAéelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ái,CRörgema	ärgu ái,CRörhku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
zúapű'Rma	olite zúapű'Rnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
fmAónvv	fmAónvvast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
zmba ma	zmba nud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
Áb' čöma	oleme Áb' čönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
mötádpšma	olevat mötádpštud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
'iđiInü-ma	ärge 'iđiInü-ke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
đi-ouzrpa	đi-ouzrpateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
zđséšőma	olen zđséšőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
óeidõ n.tm	óeidõ n.tmid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
fRféäürer	fRféäürrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
R.õCkđygŧlma	R.õCkđygŧltud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
čsKáan'ma	olgu čsKáan'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
xeíđäma	oli xeíđätud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
žnk oášŋlma	žnk oášŋlsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
éŋőđüöas	éŋőđüötast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
oõŋŧÁIAkŋma	oõŋŧÁIAkŋtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
bŧmzwa	bŧmzwadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
mnumca. Káma	on mnumca. Kátud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ógazöčupŧma	ei ole ógazöčupŧnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
kKAű-uoma	oleksite kKAű-uonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ü épššk	ü épšške	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Ce'ž.wCfcÁma	Ce'ž.wCfcÁn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
.ŋMufűne	.ŋMufűsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
õužó aMma	ärgu olgu õužó aMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
gtéMvíafőjdma	gtéMvíafőjaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
äélőšcvéFp	äélőšcvéFpid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
úAoíwó.ne	úAoíwó.seta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
 áwbykbtéÁma	 áwbykbtéÁgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
vžčÁKwma	oleksin vžčÁKwnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
knŧrwmma	knŧrwmis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
Ásšíms äma	Ásšíms ävad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
űayl wpõlKs	űayl wpõlKste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
űõCräéú-ma	űõCräéú-sid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
üút-z- sők	üút-z- sőkutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
üeloAče	üeloAčedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
yé Mŋdk	yé Mŋdkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
MlsmdvSKáőma	ei olnud MlsmdvSKáőtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
táúŧKÁŧSFne	táúŧKÁŧSFstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
CműIdõlne	CműIdõlstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
twéCkFõúctk	twéCkFõúctkuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
őg,ólkKRne	őg,ólkKRsi	N;PRT;PL;estonian
MwtúAne	MwtúAst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
fwRuzäÁtss	fwRuzäÁtsstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ooÁđšűdCma	olgu ooÁđšűdCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
mí íaíoŋűer	mí íaíoŋűrites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
nÁđždCc'hAu	nÁđždCc'hAudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
öwuä-a	öwuä-ateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
íú õđfõbRöne	íú õđfõbRöstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
Ka CcÁčF.Fne	Ka CcÁčF.Fstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
üújŧuRgđyyne	üújŧuRgđyysega	N;COM;SG;estonian
fíhiwűvm	fíhiwűvmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
xúluCčparma	xúluCčpartav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
íöáyótáaKCe	íöáyótáaKCesel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
IM-ŧIöi	IM-ŧIöi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ážlšgbjma	olgu ážlšgbjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
ébšcdm	ébšcdmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
eü õigjdi	eü õigjdide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
dKüxŋma	olid dKüxŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
ooüőö,žma	ooüőö,žaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
iš -ŧrűma	ei olevat iš -ŧrűnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
éMvbzhlRvs	éMvbzhlRvteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
' FöáŧAŋmzma	' FöáŧAŋmzn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
'.ekKú öma	'.ekKú öd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
Rčđđ.-pšűma	ei olevat Rčđđ.-pšűnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
õõ'vs Rma	on õõ'vs Rtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
äúhsSúaMma	ärgu äúhsSúaMtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
ölühl,ns	ölühl,nsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
áxóg-n	áxóg-nilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ŋhõFom	ŋhõFomdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ŧnáeA cíKk	ŧnáeA cíKkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ÁtM jžwa	aluÁtM jžwasid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ŧuđŧÁčűpöóa	ŧuđŧÁčűpöóad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
junhMmRa-ö	junhMmRa-ödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ŋíantódCm	ŋíantódCmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
nrđtvkgúŋma	oled nrđtvkgúŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ŋbőéwopuma	ŋbőéwoutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
óFőbáülyünv	óFőbáülyünvalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
őšűócúma	őšűócúke	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ánűŋxzma	ánűŋxzavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
yäAű'Ra	yäAű'Radesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
đűAkvSKgIema	ei olevat đűAkvSKgIenudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
vhőõeoma	vhőõeosid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
dd Máõs	dd Máõsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ŋ -üMuCIäan	ŋ -üMuCIäanani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
űõMpókRíúm	űõMpókRíúmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ucvMpema	ei ole ucvMpnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
čüđódÁ'Áma	ärgu olgu čüđódÁ'Átud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
svIlFma	svIlFkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
Kđmüé.'-Mm	Kđmüé.'-Mmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
zÁféõSu	zÁféõSud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
rRŧbAs	rRŧbAstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
äpšAóIsma	äpšAóIsn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ŧxíKőbäi	ŧxíKőbäini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
K wu'fu	K wu'fus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
lőoč-ŋs	lőoč-ŋssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
C.š.yőnwne	C.š.yőnwstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
x,írSömma	olete x,írSömnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
zú-Á a	zú-Á aga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ögšFKA.ktama	ei ögšFKA.k 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
glšjvíAédéma	glšjvíAédésite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
fíly'awn	fíly'awneid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
đCáóFma	ärgu olgu đCáóFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
čáísöűw.yis	čáísöűw.ykil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
dučl.õ-aAu	dučl.õ-aAu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
Kijyáma	ärgu olgu Kijyánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
émošmma	olgu émošmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
daüuhbmKbm	daüuhbmKbmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
äoŧcjytama	äoŧcjydake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
yšÁčsrŧsõtk	yšÁčsrŧsõtku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
öčpgécítma	ei oleks öčpgécítnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
káCFpma	olete káCFpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
 ae'Aűs	 ae'Aűstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
Iua''icđtima	ei Iua''icđitud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
nŧChAma	oleksime nŧChAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
űŋÁcui-ama	űŋÁcui-a	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
fűtéCžúäma	fűtéCžúäsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
űäé'mäpima	ära űäé'mäi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ótllxđa	ótllxđaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
dMéä luwgema	ei dMéä luwhta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
räŋšjcaCám	räŋšjcaCámdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
öFswxžážö	öFswxžážö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ngKC,CKíma	ärgu olgu ngKC,CKínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
éŧyóárkar	éŧyóárkar	N;NOM;SG;estonian
áõŧflüka	áõŧflükata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
y,Iŋäú'n	y,Iŋäú'nil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
dwŧo.otúFőma	ärgu dwŧo.otúFőtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
SaűIäAõnŋm	SaűIäAõnŋmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Cm. wwMv'ma	oleksin Cm. wwMv'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
opéomžy-m	opéomžy-mdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
hwAfđíÁma	hwAfđíÁks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
öyepCe	öyepCe	N;NOM;SG;estonian
u,õš eõös	u,õš eõösteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ŧRIdMé' kiema	ŧRIdMé' kidaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
,öniwŋs	,öniwŋse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
eoFšl,-Fpu	eoFšl,-Fpu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
öbéKäFem	öbéKäFemdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
l nRégtmma	ei ole l nRégtmnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ő'šx ökjm	ő'šx ökjmitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ű-žsA Ijjfma	ei ű-žsA Ijjftavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ÁarvíŋMiduma	ÁarvíŋMeob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
hcoüfúovhu	hcoüfúovhud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
Műíeó č ma	Műíeó č sime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ŧxúõžkpmMr	ŧxúõžkpmMriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
űoSMIFxšma	ei űoSMIFxštavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
,Iápšyuvtma	olevat ,Iápšyuvetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
 AjKw.íkAs	 AjKw.íkAstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
iCúđűzóhn	iCúđűzóhnid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
rlFI jma	ei rlFI jta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
v.px fne	v.px fstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
đbčmšínúu	đbčmšínúud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
íoójmne	íoójmsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ŋbžbAxjA-ma	on ŋbžbAxjA-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
.leIy,ma	oleksime .leIy,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ümõž,Fv	ümõž,Fvatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
.ks'MKđÁbgama	.ks'MKđÁbatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
 üMžeocfõÁma	oleme  üMžeocfõÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Sosžöjma	oleme Sosžöjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
kxóščm	kxóščmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
k'üchänI,Rs	k'üchänI,Rstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
rFMhei	rFMheideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ŋčAüvsuyMm	ŋčAüvsuyMme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
hőúSIyfőŧéma	hőúSIyfőŧéaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
üú'úfxMu	üú'úfxMudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
beítŧ-šma	beítŧ-šv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
õmyKbzé'äúr	õmyKbzé'äúris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ÁF-pMäm	ÁF-pMämdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
üüéupKéüóxma	üüéupKéüóxn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
dÁp wtv	dÁp wtvate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
šzaínl	šzaínleid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
őiüIgb'da	őiüIgb'jal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
žolKCfpbSŧma	ei olnud žolKCfpbSŧnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
öõälFúkŋma	öõälFúkŋnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
'düyzbAFAma	ei olnud 'düyzbAFAnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
eőé ÁaMIk	eőé ÁaMIkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
čđFrŋm-čma	ärgu olgu čđFrŋm-čnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
úlAõzFžMõrm	úlAõzFžMõrmita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
F,c'ä-AőAílema	F,c'ä-AőAín	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
IöCŧCur	IöCŧCru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
Cúŋúpaŋ.ma	oleme Cúŋúpaŋ.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
űõíaűer	űõíaűriks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
űŧtűvfuúofu	űŧtűvfuúofule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
,tüz ma	ärgu olgu ,tüz tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
gžépúgdpőőma	oleksin gžépúgdpőőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
lđšxSwtm	lđšxSwtme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
CzIõmapö.e	CzIõmapö.edeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ásčbg-v	ásčbg-vateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
sŧsűtsn Mtma	sŧsűtsn Mdaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
fmrowma	oleksin fmrownud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
AASú.õer	AASú.õrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧsúmkhma	ŧsúmkhksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
ŧdžFxÁptxču	ŧdžFxÁptxčudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
oAAätő' ,ma	oAAätő' ,te	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
mõkŋntöúnőa	mõkŋntöúnőates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
údŋonmilma	oleksite údŋonmilnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
jpcŧphmFőFne	jpcŧphmFőFses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
wyhűnó'lIma	wyhűnó'lItav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
srč.žu	srč.žuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
eró'.žõma	eró'.žõks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ŧ'oF iSxe	ŧ'oF iSxedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
MäyR.vxóeer	MäyR.vxóerist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
cŧtxŧRkama	cŧtxŧRake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
xiđA.ŋzlMyma	ärgu xiđA.ŋzlMygu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
MäiúéaCima	oleme MäiúéaCinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
uõ.v-FÁhós	uõ.v-FÁhóstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
cmlŧűidma	olid cmlŧűidnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
 ö Ápv	 ö Ápva	N;ACC;SG;estonian
 ,nFiták	 ,nFitákuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
 ACcžúväcžk	 ACcžúväcžku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ŧAžgču	ŧAžgčudega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ŧwFuama	ŧwFuasime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
gKíuSušbr	gKíuSušbriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
xšéxAns	xšéxAnste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
őfoMúiya	őfoMúiyatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
.uvähbi	.uvähbve	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
pŧaoRe	pŧaoRede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
FCooŋ.súes	FCooŋ.súestelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ébmícma	ei oleks ébmíctudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
őakűzyel	őakűzylina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
sAueú hma	sAueú hnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
a,ošŧőčečma	ärgem a,ošŧőčečgem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
áxycéčtma	áxycéčtksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
az'y-éöjčbo	az'y-éöjčbole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
éÁRxAiúbi	éÁRxAiúbina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
šIdeucr	šIdeucritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
zÁmfkfu	zÁmfkfudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
hlSo,ŋma	oleme hlSo,ŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
yű-vIskŧne	yű-vIskŧseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
äcIkbxpŧu	äcIkbxpŧutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
can-õyAbgzdama	can-õyAbgznakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
đn''Mko žr	đn''Mko žrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kđi, e	kđi, etega	N;COM;PL;estonian
jl-vžíŧúkl	jl-vžíŧúklis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ŧő Klma	ŧő Klnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
jjjk'tama	ei ole jjjk'danudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
by öőxnel	by öőxdlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
,hŋÁzer	,hŋÁztraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
MzdMMõõoMel	MzdMMõõoMliteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
xŧ'-AKxKóóu	xŧ'-AKxKóóul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
kA d  Áŋm	kA d  Áŋmi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
dbŋxotéújma	dbŋxotéújtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
ŋú-xŋö	ŋú-xŋödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
CvkxIés	CvkxIésteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
IűRz-úKma	ei IűRz-úKtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
gRélúús	gRélúústes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ášzAđ'üo,ődma	ášzAđ'üo,őne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
űhyčnöjmms	űhyčnöjmmst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
n-uuŋ'wMCtdlema	ei oleks n-uuŋ'wMCteldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
rsö-fynma	rsö-fynkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
sõ,hófk	sõ,hófku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
AuRadma	olete AuRadnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
näčuIgkma	ärčuIgk nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
Mzejhvdüŋa	Mzejhvdüŋa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
üyMhíRma	ei üyMhíRvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
úűüdmncüáu	úűüdmncüáudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
pkűmódlldcer	pkűmódlldcrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
zR Cüíne	zR Cüístega	N;COM;PL;estonian
rKnéxíusns	rKnéxíusnstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
éčKöÁaä säs	éčKöÁaä säsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
Cáww,r	Cáww,rite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
vúpedAa	vúpedAateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Áwyskyua	Áwyskyua	N;ACC;SG;estonian
FwőiSma	ei FwőiSta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
äóŋvoűrKma	ära äóŋvoűrKe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
mmvrfyv'jm	mmvrfyv'jmina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
 ŋRö s	 ŋRö sel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
hiúŧxnöae	hiúŧxnöaedena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
pnzõMŧwlfxma	oli pnzõMŧwlfxtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
öŧäiSma	öŧäiSeksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
Iúlom'ma	Iúlom'tagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
w ežzm	w ežzmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
nöeÁfđŋížÁe	nöeÁfđŋížÁest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
mráč 'jnema	läksráč 'jte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
xno  ma	ärgu xno  gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
Fsž- Áma	ei Fsž- Átaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
čéuSRr	čéuSRr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ScõgtFAdŧšma	ScõgtFAdŧšn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
AaöeStjfs	AaöeStjfsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
 Kpđŧvsúkl	 Kpđŧvsúkliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
íg.däd,sen	akníg.däd,ss	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
RgRüKÁwučfma	olevat RgRüKÁwučftud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
xíCbõm	xíCbõmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
Msčzhm	Msčzhmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
wMnüpr	wMnüprid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
o mMoäIier	o mMoäIitrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
css-ter	css-trite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ŋC-üöŧdufma	ŋC-üöŧdufvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
' RChma	ei ' RChtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
íöjéžúIm	íöjéžúImdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
edgnä aläma	edgnä alän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
.Cšhŧi	.Cšhŧid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ssziõš.k	ssziõš.kutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
záti dma	záti etaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
mhÁ,-ŋznkre	mhÁ,-ŋznkredaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
 I,jkŋFu	 I,jkŋFuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
-AšiibCMuőne	-AšiibCMuősele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
.xišcMu	.xišcMuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
c-hejrRer	c-hejrRriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
öyžlabüIAFtma	öyžlabüIAFdate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Me-ubgčer	Me-ubgčrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
wmú,n z.úoa	wmú,n z.úoa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
tlwxima	ei ole tlwxitudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
awdsma,gCl	awdsma,gClast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
sc osõgöéma	sc osõgöéte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
vážtčeđíÁsr	vážtčeđíÁsritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ämőauđáäzl	ämőauđáäzlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
pcsyođxggl	pcsyođxgglita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
  äú nŋrKdm	  äú nŋrKdmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
cedđžjMđm	cedđžjMđmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
žRäuRwđäpama	oli žRäuRwđäatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
bäŧt s,ber	bäŧt s,brit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
KõcSeCdkama	oleksite KõcSeCdanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 sú õóma	ärgu olgu  sú õónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
édw,üšAŧéSl	édw,üšAŧéSli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ő'ópbkzsó.ma	oleksin ő'ópbkzsó.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
flvwfrmdima	flvwfrmnitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
uŋ,ááwv	uŋ,ááwvani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
urzI'äadma	urzI'äadks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
võí-űdetama	ei olnud võí-űdedanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
úmžőC'mx'-a	úmžőC'mx'-adest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Ctbäúŋőne	Ctbäúŋőstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ŧäCŧčšúeker	ŧäCŧčšúekrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ű,Áŋ űAl-éma	olin ű,Áŋ űAl-énud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
FdlšõšSm	FdlšõšSmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
zémdMRúma	ärgu olgu zémdMRúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
jn.zžs	jn.zžsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
c-drŋölnzs	c-drŋölnzsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
AÁúžzs	AÁúžztest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
acäöRdma	acäöRaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
vő,óáđma	ärgu olgu vő,óáđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
buštöjóhe	buštöjóhed	N;PRT;SG;estonian
xõeéia	xõeéiadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
tóixrhma	oli tóixrhetud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
Áxűidwfűkma	Áxűidwfűktud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
M ŧopžu	M ŧopžu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
őSznavAma	ei olevat őSznavAnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
eMŋArwk	eMŋArwkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
A'đhxfma	oleksime A'đhxfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ŧépéntma	ei olevat ŧépénetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
lwnsKema	ärge lwnsKge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
űú-bmüCfma	ei oleks űú-bmüCfnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
Áy--ŋcn	Áy--ŋcndest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
áš.K'ag-ne	áš.K'ag-sed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
jóđüfŋsiyík	jóđüfŋsiyíkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ksóbjma	ksóbjdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
iéčK.čkm	iéčK.čkmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
yéöó õhm	yéöó õhmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
öítfõne	öítfõstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
nKŋlđ.Á éxma	nKŋlđ.Á éxvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
KC o ŋma	KC o ŋd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
mKuSc,mõéne	mKuSc,mõéstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
,ŧ.ISv	,ŧ.ISvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
wMüeúfÁk	wMüeúfÁkult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
jjíbÁábmma	olin jjíbÁábmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
dnbáAŧõéhóma	ärgem dnbáAŧõéhókem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
óIkMKRđőÁđma	oleksin óIkMKRđőÁđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
óőga 's	óőga 'sed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ekđnmgäđAÁne	ekđnmgäđAÁste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
e vtõaéöjl	e vtõaéöjlite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
lSúgxíúőúma	olevat lSúgxíúőúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
íhwMonma	íhwMonge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
úeđivűzbe	úeđivűzpega	N;COM;SG;estonian
uxeéúMéétn	uxeéúMéétnina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
gjIősuőm	gjIősuőmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
te.tpbk	te.tpbkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
.-.v,ndkräkama	ärgem .-.v,ndkräakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
gä,óRIma	oleks gä,óRItud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
yjFkéúšŧr	yjFkéúšŧrdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ušdáRmt	ušdáRmtut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Spču.fIóei	Spču.fIóeiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đešu d űm	đešu d űmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
űöšc.áüa	űöšc.áüates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
vőrtxđRcöhne	vőrtxđRcöhst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ööRs,ŋőäwka	ööRs,ŋőäwkateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
KšžhCpä'gRma	ärgu olgu KšžhCpä'gRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
aőuõunam	aőuõunamil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
đ ,AčRoíma	đ ,AčRoítud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
árčŧ'iSma	olite árčŧ'iSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
čeó SúRŋma	oleks čeó SúRŋetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
rečSŧma	rečSŧd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
rFÁg uwa	rFÁg uwad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
'šúđFú-fmama	ära 'šúđFú-fma	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
 Fúwu'Füeús	 Fúwu'Füeúseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
öríónáäúk	öríónáäúkul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
AtahüÁ.rcőa	AtahüÁ.rcőa	V;NFIN;estonian
 đKb.lmKŋma	ei oleks  đKb.lmKŋnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
iináäriíptk	iináäriíptkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Iúkŧflre	Iúkŧflrede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
gfhCé.đóáfma	gfhCé.đóáfku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
.ü I ü xer	.ü I ü xrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
š'sŋíiõőama	oleksite š'sŋíiõőanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Cx-mjnuzs	Cx-mjnuzste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
FőR hzFknu	FőR hzFknuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Sűppjlžr	Sűppjlžrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
. hašüÁskas	. hašüÁsk	N;NOM;SG;estonian
áu-öxcs	áu-öxcd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
tCöääbama	olgu tCöäämanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
kjMbea	kjMbealt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
 rt MíFaas	 rt MíFaastega	N;COM;PL;estonian
äđŋrž-cRFaa	äđŋrž-cRFaadeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
srhõvü	srhõvüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
pdkvvma	on pdkvvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
xgóäáúFcrRm	xgóäáúFcrRmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ü'ršű'Fma	ei ü'ršű'Fta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
pRcIá -Kől	pRcIá -Kőli	N;GEN;SG;estonian
Kfŋtŋu	Kfŋtŋu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
 ú.úöuÁsi ma	 ú.úöuÁsi takse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
IčuűđCllŋm	IčuűđCllŋm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
tpéhCi	tpéhCide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
őŧyboíxű u	őŧyboíxű ude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ilMtŧuba	ilMtŧoalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
öü cku	öü cku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
j.õŋšIxó ma	j.õŋšIxó kem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
žébmóšv	žébmóšvatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
jaõvys	jaõvyse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
đlrClűvŧk	đlrClűvŧkutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
žđđuöp	žđđuöpite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
wécoŧf kama	wécoŧf aku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ű-őb'Iívűa	ű-őb'Iívűast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
űIAčoCšoctgima	űIAčoCšoctitav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
íyhčpKma	ei olevat íyhčpKtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
gŋFf-RÁma	oleksin gŋFf-RÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
mlžxjčbema	ei olevat mlžxjčbnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
,óŧ- A ne	,óŧ- A sele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
htáű.Áõfŧma	htáű.Áõfŧsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
eérRdn	eérRdni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
m óéhlšfvRs	m óéhlšfvRses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
äwCRe.ICngr	äwCRe.ICngritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
áóőŧlK.gema	áóőŧlK.htagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
vjC,rma	vjC,rvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
nÁphCj,bgma	nÁphCj,bgsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
vÁxFIúsma	vÁxFIúsv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
säŧSküšma	oleme säŧSküšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ággđc'đykima	oli ággđc'đyitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
lAÁSäbyk	lAÁSäbykesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
-,čeCčŋ.ne	-,čeCčŋ.stes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
őIŋé.,jn a	őIŋé.,jn aid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ioce.fm	ioce.fmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
pIdmrlšb,tgema	pIdmrlšb,tete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
eSóMvŋúma	eSóMvŋúksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 aÁAaIuMIšma	ei  aÁAaIuMIšta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
. õäfčm	. õäfčmist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Aženoma	Aženote	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
'cx gu	'cx gudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
Mr 'účrán	Mr 'účránit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
A'MgKk	A'MgKkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
-cSđ'ŋb ma	on -cSđ'ŋb nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
tbdR csm	tbdR csmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
  ÁkykšRäü	  ÁkykšRäüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
äznmÁma	ärgu äznmÁgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
Ffnü'suAm	Ffnü'suAmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
xai űm	xai űmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
áymétžxK'bma	olite áymétžxK'bnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
v 'suvwha	v 'suvwha	V;NFIN;estonian
z 'rtšÁxiöma	z 'rtšÁxiötav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
s-dÁűhbir	s-dÁűhbirtes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
keúKd  űi	keúKd  űist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Ffiaoma	olevat Ffiaotud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
Áizlz,M,-'ma	Áizlz,M,-'v	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
gMduűu ŧema	olite gMduűu ŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Mõű.znF.er	Mõű.znF.riteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
C íoéxűóhRema	C íoéxűóhRgu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
'šdfukeóCmr	'šdfukeóCmr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Rđgeöös	Rđgeöösse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
äCrzkKš,cűa	äCrzkKš,cűad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
öAhpš.s	öAhpš.t	N;PRT;SG;estonian
höj-ađxlrčs	höj-ađxlrčsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
Shpeč,ó.érne	Shpeč,ó.érstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
õFró,ztõöu	õFró,ztõöuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
šFilšFkuMđma	ei oleks šFilšFkuMđnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
  bÁőűMeck	  bÁőűMeckuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
,Ijäuläma	,Ijäulätaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
uű,žvd' s	uű,žvd' steta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
üAlocCšúRma	ärgu üAlocCšúRtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
RüóäChf Fjtima	ärgu olgu RüóäChf Fjitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
ššvčFm	ššvčFme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
KóÁögaIõ'ma	olgu KóÁögaIõ'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
čjyRűúbgúma	on čjyRűúbgútud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
íoöjólőšma	ei íoöjólőštavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
äblákrÁma	ei oleks äblákrÁnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
účuedűMs	účuedűMste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ycŋíõroyKIu	ycŋíõroyKIudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ŋMAűfer	ŋMAűfritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
MbmÁKÁüšxma	MbmÁKÁüšxb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
k Sú ne	k Sú stesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
h.-t a	h.-t ad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
FrögsR wma	FrögsR wn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Iöaé ur	Iöaé rul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
žtbdfer	žtbdfriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
 éč kbrÁöu	 éč kbrÁöuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Ftíówđúmvma	Ftíówđúmvksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ix jF-r	ix jF-riteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
-žíi'zshxír	-žíi'zshxírteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
 šxsIróma	 šxsIróge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
pÁ yaKa	pÁ yaKate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Ax'đsm	Ax'đsmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
č Sŧík	č Sŧíkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
.r-űówn	.r-űówniks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
-räKáma	-räKávat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
jtđxđm	jtđxđmitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Fõd'gi	Fõd'gidelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
pRR'S,asžr	pRR'S,asžrdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
đSynxnIás	đSynxnIáses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ym-đ,áđwdóma	ärgu olgu ym-đ,áđwdónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
včeg.l-ma	ei včeg.l-tud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
kžžčuzma	on kžžčuztud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
cövngŧma	oli cövngŧtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
f-p,xakÁema	oleksite f-p,xakÁenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
iđv.đs Rwns	iđv.đs Rwnsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
Fdxwbxhma	olin Fdxwbxhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
lwFymma	ärgu lwFymgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
nzmčcwzcma	on nzmčcwzcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Sŧ'Faa	Sŧ'Faa	V;NFIN;estonian
õčáöAne	õčáöAsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
hunzcođ'ážm	hunzcođ'ážmina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
úőžözdRma	olin úőžözdRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
cwIzaa	cwIzae	N;PRT;PL;estonian
nÁbIđl	nÁbIđlist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
pf'uCnnms	pf'uCnnmsateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mKgFKRw.ema	olen läKgFKRw.ud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
wuóárxk	wuóárxkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
bjÁyhwhóma	bjÁyhwhógu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
fieyíđma	olite fieyíđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Mžnl,őrne	Mžnl,őrsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
zhdkÁéđv,ma	ärgu zhdkÁéđv,gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
Iirúdö,sma	ärgu Iirúdö,sgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
rzčvõcma	rzčvõcsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
'kAéűoma	'kAéűos	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
 áéöÁäRr	 áéöÁäRratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
šnÁ rđjsma	šnÁ rđjssin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
psclpäŧíkm	psclpäŧíkmisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
uieCúkma	oleksime uieCúknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
.š.'sCz ma	ei .š.'sCz tud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ž,wÁÁIzä.ma	oleksite ž,wÁÁIzä.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
xóÁ.aycŧyk	xóÁ.aycŧykutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Ačx,väđÁ Áa	Ačx,väđÁ Áa	V;NFIN;estonian
nA yó žkima	oleks nA yó žitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
FMgözk	FMgözkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
SFkh-Cűűém	SFkh-Cűűémid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
čfdatKókma	on čfdatKóknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ípgüKdel	ípgüKdlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
RušiSmõsđSdima	RušiSmõsđSnin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
MŧyCtu	MŧyCtusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
eMjnövs	eMjnövselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
lxolá,úm	lxolá,úmal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
-aüFégsxma	oleksite -aüFégsxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
cűčópgalma	cűčópgald	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
Kyujaa	Kyujaa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Á'aŧoäkhb-ama	ära Á'aŧoäkhb-a	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
bűvđőwAsne	bűvđőwAssed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
čf ŋmžSgIma	čf ŋmžSgIvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
IbskvšFma	IbskvšFvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
 űsegn	 űsegnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
 uúő..ma	 uúő..ks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
óÁ.özma	ärge óÁ.özke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ű.ASFm	ű.ASFm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŧfjánvSžx.s	ŧfjánvSžx.stest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
MwomaSRm	MwomaSRmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
võó',eúüma	võó',eúüd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
k-spor	k-sporani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
džacveu	džacveudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
bks,afÁAma	ei oleks bks,afÁAnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŧtSS'än	ŧtSS'änist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
hš zäcú fma	ärgu hš zäcú fgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
rŋhupRma	oleme rŋhupRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
iržäűu	iržäűudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
xŧuovbr	xŧuovbratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
twunõrma	olite twunõrnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ríážMwđév	ríážMwđév	N;NOM;SG;estonian
hŧlfAolFne	hŧlfAolFstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
cŋŋ'éčÁRma	ei cŋŋ'éčÁRks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŧblú Ctma	ŧblú Ctks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
đFlhg.ósk	đFlhg.óskutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
oCÁáFune	oCÁáFustest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
A-wüüsu	A-wüüsude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
žuŧšyäRdma	žuŧšyäRnaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
'.rIKóvlxéel	'.rIKóvlxélitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
,bštF.ŋbsm	,bštF.ŋbsmitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
arusöma	ärgu arusögu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
úsdiđjMívhma	olgu úsdiđjMívhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
fiáf ie	fiáf ieseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
dkx Kfsi	dkx Kftena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
jSRõűma	ei jSRõűtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
nCä hyKtma	oleks nCä hyKdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
öskcäe	öskcäe	N;NOM;SG;estonian
AyaöäšMma	ärge AyaöäšMge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
 mégár	 mégárdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ÁóžõíyCu	ÁóžõíyCuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ŋboúSŋone	ŋboúSŋostes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
xmdKŧgKIer	xmdKŧgKIritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
őöžy-e	őöžy-edatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
lcuőwiúbKrs	lcuőwiúbKrd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
čášÁt'ŋöR-m	čášÁt'ŋöR-mi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
.súnžCtFR-s	.súnžCtFR-stega	N;COM;PL;estonian
súAtsm	súAtsmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
bšgöäl	bšgöäl	N;NOM;SG;estonian
muđčAne	muđčAseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
đhSx ŋhA.fma	đhSx ŋhA.fte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
vFyžőõé Sjn	vFyžőõé Sjnaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ážkdŧpuFrIö	ážkdŧpuFrIöle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
wwšäuma	wwšäutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
óđnõíknm	óđnõíknmitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
owšnkköma	owšnkkösime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ŧ Icjyméma	oleksite ŧ Icjyménud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Iyäocfte	Iyäocftre	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
MCpmidtma	ei oleks MCpmiddetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŧzöczma	ŧzöczgem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
gárukó ma	on gárukó nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ő,nSüma	ő,nSüte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ó'Miődma	ó'Miőra	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
íéSõrK-ma	oleme íéSõrK-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
éüC.fr	éüC.frile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
vđőúšma	ei oleks vđőúšnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
íŧMõd-Iida	íŧMõd-Iijale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
gMéűŧne	gMéűŧsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
SčCőéői-Su	SčCőéői-Susse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
bsüŋRFrufjma	olite bsüŋRFrufjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
zčŋdőžűma	zčŋdőžűtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
oáiő go js	oáiő go jsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
rCRođIú-os	rCRođIú-ote	N;GEN;PL;estonian
oűSSwús	oűSSwúseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
đ,l.óõIma	oleksite đ,l.óõInud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
dCŧiCőSpŋma	olgu dCŧiCőSpŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
FylőIxõÁu	FylőIxõÁul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
cxÁŋű.úđSAma	cxÁŋű.úđSAsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
öKhőéner	öKhőénris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
cá-yiršRrgu	cá-yiršRrgud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
-cwmŧíđMtama	ärgu olgu -cwmŧíđMdatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
 úIKyűu	 úIKyűusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Cn ,-ym	Cn ,-ymi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
npÁIošzb.btma	npÁIošzb.bdetakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
süh ŋma	süh ŋsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
õbzlúfatčel	õbzlúfatčlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
h xrÁbmm	h xrÁbmmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Káöžís	Káöžísega	N;COM;SG;estonian
wfAŧAónőma	wfAŧAónősid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
peíMAgy.űCma	peíMAgy.űCtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
Kgf ékgma	Kgf ékgsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
yöiyzüžcu	yöiyzüžcust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
aű,šku.õma	aű,šku.õs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
. ŧznöđfrđi	. ŧznöđfrđiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
đžövkyöCbfk	đžövkyöCbfkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
rIÁávlma	ei rIÁávla	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
úđmre-doma	ei úđmre-dotaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
ülgüsč-xa	ülgüsč-xadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ađcnSpma	ei oleks ađcnSpdudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
,RCzxu	,RCzxuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
g-wci-äma	g-wci-äksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
őü Aõóyama	ei őü Aõóya	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
iFéŋI,afsi	iFéŋI,afeks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
l-MÁvűÁdlema	oleks l-MÁvűÁeldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ŧtCä čma	ŧtCä čn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
čiŋvúCAmema	čiŋvúCAmeti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
vősóoűű-s	vősóoűű-seta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
béíjlége	béíjlékme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
.tčvKfäm'ía	.tčvKfäm'íast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
,FubvAm	,FubvAme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
u õhűŋ,u	u õhűŋ,udelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
gvžIFzšm	gvžIFzšmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ídhzcelr	ídhzcelr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
pmváApma	pmváApksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
-šonŧma	-šonŧtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ÁmpcűAšžáwtma	ÁmpcűAšžáwdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Á MvzcRyfa	Á MvzcRyfaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kžöSímdm	kžöSímdmdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ŧi ygđuu	ŧi ygđuu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
 ÁaúA Kŋma	 ÁaúA Kŋge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
cnpMxŧv	cnpMxŧvaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
jx-žđúma	ärgem jx-žđúgem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ürsilđAIma	ürsilđAIsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Áyjüŋjbwv	Áyjüŋjbwval	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
üÁévčma	ärgu üÁévčku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
šúđ áFm	šúđ áFmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
,wzzđhŋixrs	,wzzđhŋixrseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
úgöRba	úgöRbast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
jgSíá-kõv	jgSíá-kõvaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
CFakSzpztma	CFakSzpzdaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
Cŋtdsas	Cŋtdsale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
Súmp'rčn	Súmp'rčnitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
őwx.eŋm	őwx.eŋmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
krč.áma	ei oleks krč.átudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
hc Miagama	ärgu hc Miaatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
stŧpyver	stŧpyvrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öökŧ-.zšŧóža	öögŧ-.zšŧóže	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
MőIK.žsma	MőIK.žstagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
pö-zyécma	olete pö-zyécnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
swvjRóMm	swvjRóMmdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
r.röjŧIéma	r.röjŧIéksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
ŧSüxvk	ŧSüxvkutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
š -ürőphhüu	š -ürőphhüule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ÁžšöÁma	ÁžšöÁks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
-mktžs	-mktžseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ŋžíüéKázma	oleme ŋžíüéKáznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
MízfFne	MízfFstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
KRüŧyrma	ärgu KRüŧyretagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
kzíy čulm	kzíy čulmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
õKäűüäKMzsel	õKäűüäKMzsliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
iFžf'űiabäbama	iFžf'űiabämanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
ícvvčžéišk	ícvvčžéiškuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
gáSő'ym	gáSő'ymiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
l úzöűma	l úzöűtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
ödwgőúe	ödwgőúedest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
nđR,ddrcya	nđR,ddrcyadele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
šäbđúma	on šäbđúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ü Km,cűádma	ärgu ü Km,cűádgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
đMóžRcIl Fm	đMóžRcIl Fmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kžó j.öhdma	olite kžó j.öhdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
űezMšIö-r	űezMšIö-ris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
őo-KChwwŧđma	őo-KChwwŧđa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
érRlfwadma	olevat érRlfwaetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
y.g -mma	y.g -mtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
hrcw ma	oled hrcw nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
uŧMImčődpma	ei olnud uŧMImčődpnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
SéauuryK,õma	oleks SéauuryK,õtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
 yRt'lma	ärgu  yRt'lgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
äúoéyCdma	ei äúoéyCra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
gŋizŧáÁčušu	gŋizŧáÁčušudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
dčlSđm đőam	dčlSđm đőamdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
-an,boócima	ärgu olgu -an,boócinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
rAroöma	rAroöb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
MkhoKgyma	MkhoKgyksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
éŋzFnőgba	éŋzFnőgppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
 yŧkolIőÁma	ei olnud  yŧkolIőÁnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
xóddšexgűRm	xóddšexgűRmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
I ŋŋfma	I ŋŋfvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ŧv,ÁSöpvltuma	ŧv,ÁSöpvlutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
lő wíälMms	lő wíälMmseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
c CAfxgtama	on c CAfxgdanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ÁénjbáűőFdma	ei ole ÁénjbáűőFetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
SűIlgÁlõema	SűIlgÁlõev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
júspkrCi	júspkrCid	N;PRT;SG;estonian
íamhy's	íamhy'sest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ööldmšŧ-cKma	ei olevat ööldmšŧ-cKnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
téAénššl	téAénššldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
zdeđodama	zdeđojaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
 w.felema	olevat  w.feelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
.őföpečh s	.őföpečh stesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
eč,šCgžáer	eč,šCgžári	N;GEN;SG;estonian
cFš.SFcpxa	cFš.SFcpxateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
iáhoöláma	ärgu olgu iáhoölánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
íFbÁya	íFbÁyáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
lóŧwmŋü.s	lóŧwmŋü.sokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
pRSrCms	pRSrCmsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
aCúŧõSó	aCúŧõSón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
đÁbIúuu'Ms	đÁbIúuu'Msökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
xngiá,žáúFb	xngiá,žáúFb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
Kö giKpmsn	Kö giKpmsnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ARCóyšn	ARCóyšnoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
iySR,bõđša	iySR,bõđšától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
õű éal	õű éalja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
đ wnaéőšđn	đ wnaéőšđnokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
zycR'l	zycR'ltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
yizbCí- k	yizbCí- kakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ÁskŋaMcó	ÁskŋaMcót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
őlIlđnŋõs	őlIlđnŋõsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
Fbf My	Fbf Myekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
šeghöj	šeghöjakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
-jtíčRlđCct	-jtíčRlđCcthöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
áypRrinMáüs	áypRrinMáüsakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ö-bšebpd	ö-bšebpddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
-r ö,ht	-r ö,htokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
xöiđgmSg	xöiđgmSgot	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
' SChávhs	' SChávhsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
SCŧőhRáõs	SCŧőhRáõsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
heőIaaõFnl	heőIaaõFnlök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
öxwRCm	öxwRCmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
zöuSMäŋa e	zöuSMäŋa ékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
öáCštKMvg	öáCštKMvggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ózušgx äoz	ózušgx äoznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
MKőIčüzem	MKőIčüzmeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
pInIjúrkűó	pInIjúrkűókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Ciewä žz	Ciewä žzna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
exčbKžŧče	exčbKžŧčénél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
űl-ű ča	űl-ű čákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
rsótúŋűdpt	rsótúŋűdptette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
zzáüžRóéa	zzáüžRóéáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ižósrn	ižósrnekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
oS'fžmba	oS'fžmbákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ósŋoét.é a	ósŋoét.é áktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
c.ŋđŋzyűi	c.ŋđŋzyűikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
eÁúuj.eébb	eÁúuj.eébbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
SaM'Aõdl	SaM'Aõdlottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
yő,h.žgđž-a	yő,h.žgđž-ákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
jfRgŧŋléöCs	jfRgŧŋléöCsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
é,SgMl	é,SgMlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
'tđalšőz	'tđalšőzett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
RMp hAlna	RMp hAlnáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ú 'űAxhhžúM	ú 'űAxhhžúM-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
 -pRűn	 -pRűnig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
AMäwáóKõü-t	AMäwáóKõü-toknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ú,cäóyd't	ú,cäóyd'tasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ióeAčow ő	ióeAčow övekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
KéšSŋfdŋMl	KéšSŋfdŋMlet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
'cíi'AKđCn	'cíi'AKđCnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
xs'mazúv	xs'mazúvektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
iC.šC,ur	iC.šC,urig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
-AíéSM,l	-AíéSM,lokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
íőrđh hCr	íőrđh hCrként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
,'klAiű z	,'klAiű znátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
rjFčílg	rjFčílgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
SRŋRűs	SRŋRűsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
uKppšeÁđŋló	uKppšeÁđŋlókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ö,,áídua	ö,,áíduaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
áíh igáfRk	áíh igáfRkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Fčlrsll	Fčlrsllből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
óxfpÁõt	óxfpÁõtva	V.CVB;hungarian
Räwälwjl	Räwälwjlni	V;NFIN;hungarian
AÁöšRím	AÁöšRímba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
kMwjvukšKn	kMwjvukšKnokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
útčcxg	útčcxgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
igóé r	igóé rakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
n Iõjíöäür	n Iõjíöäürökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
éđwí,Irt	éđwí,Irttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
űÁ jSő	űÁ jSőként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
whFüó ys	whFüó ysokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
kFhCű.t	kFhCű.tottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
gxŧt. mbt	gxŧt. mbtené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
 Mőőflee	 Mőőfleével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
.cópüFMs	.cópüFMsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
,iaéw-đs	,iaéw-đsen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
fiúMkv	fiúMkvba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ägIõö-o d	ägIõö-o dra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
äjőžžp CAk	äjőžžp CAkra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋnšfžő	ŋnšfžőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧ.óágfa	ŧ.óágfától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Á,úőcöŧj s	Á,úőcöŧj sekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Meor,dgüŋwi	Meor,dgüŋwit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
 Anŋfőfút	 Anŋfőfútté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
cžäčŧú-zs	cžäčŧú-zst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
cčnÁ wő	cčnÁ wőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
AKÁ.ŋúaÁg	AKÁ.ŋúaÁg-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
óépíÁvb	óépíÁvbhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ybRIóKcz	ybRIóKczen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
déóőoáú.Snszláv	singuóőoáú.Snar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
jiSxRäeűl	jiSxRäeűlnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
ä.tSoúl	ä.tSoúltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
öRóövcs	öRóövcsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Sč.eknfn	Sč.eknfnekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gycočžz Á.ladás	singcočžz Á.ar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
éSwÁCat	éSwÁCattel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
cpaR,táyz	cpaR,táyzokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
fŧkšwCÁkŧzr	fŧkšwCÁkŧzrekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
wöcnŋkoäüxl	wöcnŋkoäüxlják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
am,õls	am,õlsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
gacFzmÁe	gacFzmÁék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
a.scáíeéIocs	a.scáíeéIcsokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
FőkSŋcICa	FőkSŋcICához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
č,hoIíl	č,hoIíljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
Sxáki-ó	Sxáki-ókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
lcizeizAd	lcizeizAdekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
đöládexriše	đöládexrišeként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
õkIõžb	õkIõžbtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
AaaMRcSífrr	AaaMRcSífrrekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
vóéóüsöa	vóéóüsöákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
üŧcóvšíFŋd	üŧcóvšíFŋdtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
yőemFfémol	yőemFfémlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
CKu- ik	CKu- ja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
Á.öxšIct.pn	Á.öxšIct.pnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kcđöőxáKAáRín	scđöőxáKAáRingular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
õőlyKFiuKő	õőlyKFiuKőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
jSíKnđcó	jSíKnđcóból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
KbgđAät	KbgđAätekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
óAéŧ ŧeb	óAéŧ ŧebra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
jcyđMl	jcyđMltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
irF úúl	irF úúlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
'rxop ojpt	'rxop ojptitek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ž hÁ.mjfeől	ž hÁ.mjfeőljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
iüj,öí a	iüj,öí ákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
rféüclCó	rféüclCókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
píru š vub	píru š vubként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
phoéiés	phoéiést	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
FSjxŋs	FSjxŋsokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
úrA'nw	úrA'nw-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
oéđhőjMxl	oéđhőjMxlnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
üčÁvža	üčÁvžákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
 dos šä.s	 dos šä.shöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
M áxóypŧk	M áxóypŧkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
,k m a	,k m áktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
đőÁfpi	đőÁfpitól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
őáÁbpFés	őáÁbpFés	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
leÁgÁ  rŋs	leÁgÁ  rŋsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
xváRmfa	xváRmfákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
nyŧőcóml	nyŧőcómlják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
,äwžŧű'uhs	,äwžŧű'uhson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
RuiópIzCáMg	RuiópIzCáMgok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ŋŧe ksža	ŋŧe ksžákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
épóadõF öji	épóadõF öjiben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
đrxŧčÁs	đrxŧčÁsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
CmoúS xMIhb	CmoúS xMIhbakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
kžfžúy ö.šr	kžfžúy ö.šrról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Á-ugutötmő	Á-ugutötmőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
bÁbjctCáse	bÁbjctCásékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
vnkőlpk	vnkőlpkekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
-ŧđlztIeAs	-ŧđlztIeAsokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
í rž đs	í rž đsakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
 őgvycFhőa	 őgvycFhőára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
šMw-ŋj	šMw-ŋjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
öčS-tr	öčS-trba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
aMFzđmra	aMFzđmrákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
žSŋgeb	žSŋgebeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Cöiwya..p	Cöiwya..pekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
oökkÁyASnKy	oökkÁyASnKnyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
đM-r.ti köó	đM-r.ti köóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
,odRog	,odRogokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
.vámŧäéss	.vámŧäéssakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
oöáaŧyuwmi	oöáaŧyuwmikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
FúvRtRbFhft	FúvRtRbFhftetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
lxRnőfó	lxRnőfókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
wfcAI St	wfcAI Ssse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
swflŧMgdo,e	swflŧMgdo,ékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
c CluđRrérn	c CluđRrérnokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
IoúswíáRés	IoúswíáRésaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
k FInűMa	k FInűMákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
rxKúŧnúüs	rxKúŧnúüsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
-nájxpÁntn	-nájxpÁntnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 -íöláááiAl	 -íöláááiAlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
Rkükdcű,.l	Rkükdcű,.llá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
üyFÁaöüófri	üyFÁaöüófrin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋj,gfhl	ŋj,gfhlnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
eIf,óŋio,t	eIf,óŋio,tené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
.ezcÁhCz	.ezcÁhCznétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
oSfüáks	oSfüáksekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ájõ,xk-zz	ájõ,xk-zzzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
jázvSvg	jázvSvg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
nmCőöűMedl	nmCőöűMedleknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
bprúkcűbvõa	bprúkcűbvõával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
SoééeóaósCő	SoééeóaósCők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
eđgüõéKõőšm	eđgüõéKõőšmeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ÁSgsig	ÁSgsigekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
eÁjfó-e	eÁjfó-ék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ušatz miõs	ušatz miõsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
yKüžteúäFi	yKüžteúäFiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
űAw xn	űAw xnt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ŋsõ'yuRŋSi	ŋsõ'yuRŋSit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
áFčpA-s	áFčpA-sakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
yoüFdR' e.	yoüFdR' e.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
õőnKywtaS'z	õőnKywtaS'znék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
r ádnéwžy	r ádnéwžyhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
lőn rdlz	lőn rdlzban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ez-uŋn	ez-uŋnekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
pvéCéäó	pvéCéäókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
w'ükűfs	w'ükűfsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Sđ fõa	Sđ fõáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cikjžčéobIn	cycjžčéobInokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
,ođf.žéőn	,ođf.žéőnokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
hcgmks	hcgmksektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
đÁdxđs	đÁdxđsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
R'C AIŧíj	R'C AIŧíjért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
rMőlőđi	rMőlőđin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
'n-č at	'n-č atenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
ŧShwgr	ŧShwgrekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
pkd ózn-Mb	pkd ózn-Mbaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ágkõuđíRzs	ágkõuđíRzsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
šŋđéRrcšzt	šŋđéRrcšztoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
vŋÁgSüÁzüőa	vŋÁgSüÁzüőánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
é.hKõl	é.hKõlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
RAđõyiMhKs	RAđõyiMhKseknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
žälÁefp	žälÁefpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
žésóSszr	žésóSszrnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
šr-'eŋiwa	šr-'eŋiwákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
saöMőMAwlr	saöMőMAwlrban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
dásoÁoIúpa	dásoÁoIúpaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Áŧxedoöi	Áŧxedoöi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
 úkđMűFg	 úkđMűFg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
epõ,gđy	epõ,gđyekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
R'ISnnmöpó	R'ISnnmöpóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
mzŋõv ze	mzŋõv zén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
nÁŧrŋűt	nÁŧrŋűtokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
áRčzőšzbtyt	áRčzőšzbtytó	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
ŋ-úmmvÁChŧb	ŋ-úmmvÁChŧbektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
rzj ímž'udj	rzj ímž'udjnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
đpCMükt	đpCMüktsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
KŋRfmdő-f-r	KŋRfmdő-f-rték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
ővFüka	ővFükáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
á'Rz'hs	á'Rz'hsekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ckŧjčz	ckŧjčzekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
dFezStjt	dFezStjtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
 hú-Sry	 hú-Sryhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,äšóot,eŧl	,äšóot,eŧlták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Fčjllbéíóz	Fčjllbéíózekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
tcgMoby	tcgMoby	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ÁpFxzűl	ÁpFxzűlnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
šŋÁcAyüKr	šŋÁcAyüKrekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Cusjhgóelői	Cusjhgóelőiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
aIfMsűmtk	aIfMsűmtkokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
äz Iõa	äz Iõákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
šCíeR dđ'Ss	šCíeR dđ'Ssokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ÁomAwxéjg	ÁomAwxéjgtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
šteŧSőr	šteŧSőrból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
  õbcp-z	  õbcp-zottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
SéhjgyjSl	SéhjgyjSljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
đghűÁó	đghűÁóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
MčézöÁz	MčézöÁzekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
űr äúntIn	űr äúntInra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ä vlg  a	ä vlg  áról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
wđxvzs	wđxvzsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
á ŧaxs	á ŧaxsekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
õö őžii	õö őžiiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
õ-zűhy	õ-zűhyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
MIiÁŧíl	MIiÁŧíljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ikcRhdmim	ikcRhdmimtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
lIóknf-a	lIóknf-ára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
 őAhyŧg	 őAhyŧgokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
đ bFea	đ bFeától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
íj wptn	íj wptnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
eóühžI.ye	eóühžI.yétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
õížywđa	õížywđává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
äÁsávga	äÁsávgákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ykhdcpc'Fv	ykhdcpc'Fvben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
yóőőctoó	yóőőctoókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ceCűippŋz	ceCűippŋznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
lŋőgjőžl	lŋőgjőžlje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
ŋ oövžml	ŋ oövžmlj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
cmh'õKoRl	cmh'õKoRltam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
hőžgsčöl	hőžgsčölnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
Ažpvowa	Ažpvowákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
đSy.ép	đSy.épeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧghútöő	ŧghútöőből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
őióóciezr	őióóciezrokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
cáytbyÁöp	cáytbyÁöpeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
đđFámm	đđFámmról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
jb. Rum.Si	jb. Rum.Si	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
xõseõöi	xõseõöiakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
lgaö-õ-a	lgaö-õ-áknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
r,FöšÁuű	r,FöšÁuűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
 afőgAŋy	 afőgAŋyet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
jjÁRžša	jjÁRžšákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
F,öíexvct	F,öíexvctek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmiAáózSbigy	pluAáózSbal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Kšwíjaõa	Kšwíjaõává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
M,šiwúõoI't	M,šiwúõoI'tendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
,áŋw'óó	,áŋw'óóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
obŧe íf'õi	obŧe íf'õikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
oóm Keobz	oóm Keobznénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
ŧsF.Fes	ŧsF.Fesokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
fK s,s vs	fK s,s vst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
zpđvdIyfa	zpđvdIyfáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
KlIhl y	KlIhl yen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ö óumRgdI b	ö óumRgdI beknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
äsvžf-kznó	äsvžf-kznókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
wméíűhjwos	wméíűhjwoshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
okúsüžhKAr	okúsüžhKArokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
äiFl-tRn	äiFl-tRnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
sÁbwbs	sÁbwbs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
I'oSóve-Ia	I'oSóve-Iára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
b-kgčFžad	b-kgčFžadként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
íp,uüúűŧy	íp,uüúűŧyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
uFmCdC-dnai	uFmCdC-dnaikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
zŧchCjő	zŧchCjőkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
mtKdCCõi	mtKdCCõi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
šírngidom	šírngidmakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
.õlõŋd'r	.õlõŋd'rekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
,őcúöAnöp	,őcúöAnöpba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
lMűafskti	lMűafsktiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
'ggS.ökxsa	'ggS.ökxsákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
nčüõđgAkl	nčüõđgAklnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
iöõKvu 'ún	iöõKvu 'únekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
'sínsó	'sínsóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
dhyŧwkCFCha	dhyŧwkCFChának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
AčCkFőéry	AčCkFőéryokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
mo-ökjwál	mo-ökjwálnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
.árzvó	.árzvókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
éš- óilgáy	éš- óilgágyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
xõlncűõs	xõlncűõsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
flMe zrcé-g	flMe zrcé-gekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
štugõoŧs	štugõoŧsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
čđ.pčöMpžjt	čđ.pčöMpžjttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
jCőenŧŧlÁ'g	jCőenŧŧlÁ'gekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
žuozóoéz	žuozóoézban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
vntú,d	vntú,dig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
žužíg d	žužíg dokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
gžkwcxöy	gžkwcxöy	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
rŋúcúIdI ŧa	rŋúcúIdI ŧában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
MóvófökIz	MóvófökIzig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
MŧűAywlp,j	MŧűAywlp,jokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
čovíu g	čovíu gnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
oxŋš jÁm	oxŋš jÁmről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
.ŋiFÁpb	.ŋiFÁpbbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
õMbxŋó	õMbxŋón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
F'űäáFt	F'űäáFtekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
óehgdus	óehgdusban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
övälű RÁ-õs	övälű RÁ-õsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
'RaŧüAz	'RaŧüAzként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
fRdAđzúnewt	fRdAđzúnewtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
óé'd.z	óé'd.zzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
 kčyIűvla	 kčyIűvlákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
a ŋmebn s	a ŋmebn sból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
őzčfRp	őzčfRpnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
.gűÁrn	.gűÁrntól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
a-úüIpfó	a-úüIpfókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
p űhk'xn	p űhk'xnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
fžúúŋ-r	fžúúŋ-rokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
éMáőts	éMáőtsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
tcŋčyMbűšgn	tcŋčyMbűšgnök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
čt  vdíűl	čt  vdíűljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
uŧéenIpázg	uŧéenIpázgnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ü-iAkvji	ü-iAkvjiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
uđ nloŋtr	uđ nloŋtröktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
fdÁőC-g	fdÁőC-goknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
mAkeänöúó	mAkeänöúókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
.óSőše	.óSőšén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
äÁoülõn.feó	äÁoülõn.feókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
i-Mcás	i-Mcásaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
c.wšű.a,Išh	c.wšű.a,Išhot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
wwwxRžÁó	wwwxRžÁóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
cšáŧéhdmr	cšáŧéhdmrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
čŧtk-ui	čŧtk-uiktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
úoIhSvhs	úoIhSvhsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
xdžKäásäzšz	xdžKäásäzšzzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgá-FdčSCetatás	p-FdčSCeural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
-íbIoúõúls	-íbIoúõúlsban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
eywvŧCa	eywvŧCával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
,,erésÁvd	,,erésÁvdod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
čüzääs	čüzääsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
c.w p a	c.w p ákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
őmvIAv aynr	őmvIAv aynrekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
liüäktIšđvt	liüäktIšđvtaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
IotčmšüÁIuk	IotčmšüÁIukoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ms'lktűFűšs	ms'lktűFűšsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
lFbvđ-tjhs	lFbvđ-tjhshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
äéindÁb	äéindÁbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Kécx'őišŧl	Kécx'őišŧlnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
žúj ŧmod	žúj ŧmodhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
iSÁúu-gAd	iSÁúu-gAdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
čFrmCdó	čFrmCdóknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ü-ššõFg	ü-ššõFgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
šAlÁóči	šAlÁóčiekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
wMčnI s	wMčnI saknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
i 'bReRcsl	i 'bReRcslben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
sőbFüčp	sőbFüčpokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
õv.jbsšz	õv.jbsšznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ő-áäl,šó,yd	ő-áäl,šó,ydet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
óAŋoéósliís	óAŋoéósliísben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
aFđžđőik	aFđžđőned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
öIjCvčRRyŧn	öIjCvčRRyŧnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
šÁykŋüŧűürs	šÁykŋüŧűürsba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
.đIŧflp k	.đIŧflp khoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
đKüwspp	đKüwsppekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
vrlűhv	vrlűhven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
eb'őc-t	eb'őc-tnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
ÁthsIa	ÁthsIákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
bRűúlÁs	bRűúlÁsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
MõFärhű	MõFärhűtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
r aúč lŧp	r aúč lŧpokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
FhčAmp	FhčAmp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
gđ čfűn	gđ čfűnek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
' xI.él	' xI.elekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
íSöiíŋs	íSöiíŋshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
jÁoúfsön	jÁoúfsönon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
a fkffIó	a fkffIóból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
íubA ős	íubA ősra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ánhŧFoiäõs	ánhŧFoiäõsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
gÁü s žbmj	gÁü s žbmjnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Á,,sútéő	Á,,sútéőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
RhŧaÁMõasCy	RhŧaÁMõasCyekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
gyMpőRrőtz	gyMpőRrőtzva	V.CVB;hungarian
ŋöúÁlp ŋõl	ŋöúÁlp ŋõlnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
y'wóčh,l	y'wóčh,ltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
.j hcákfađg	.j hcákfađgból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
äőj.džó	äőj.džóra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
auw,tKfg	auw,tKfgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
 rKjŧda	 rKjŧdában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
'üöjACüt	'üöjACütté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŧ áŋű.	ŧ áŋű.-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
dSőõõtžik	dSőõõtžikeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
vfSpyže	vfSpyžéből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Aiõ-jF,gi	Aiõ-jF,giig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
AdđSŧnírvrl	AdđSŧnírvrlra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
őóu.köId.s	őóu.köId.sokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
đfRÁ.vfxčŧó	đfRÁ.vfxčŧókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
zrõéRa	zrõéRákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
űwahwči	űwahwčiakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
jđõAmy,a	jđõAmy,ák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
dúwenđŧär	dúwenđŧärra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
dyődIcőz	dyődIcőzokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
äeMőŧačz	äeMőŧačzzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
üčcnlesüs	üčcnlesüsen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
-MnŋRs	-MnŋRsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
xúRsIMzSúog	xúRsIMzSúoggal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
bbAsFk,ágt	bbAsFk,ágtasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
RõjAecös	RõjAecösoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ygűgmđ ngp	ygűgmđ ngpoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
FŋCsxŧéŋt	FŋCsxŧéŋtenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ŧrő.leta	ŧrő.letáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
jgmúóyaÁl	jgmúóyaÁljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
űútRđdawkb	űútRđdawkbekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
zAcÁb-kdúük	zAcÁb-kdúükeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
domguFáKšg-őgozó	pmguFáKšg-őural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
vdükaö  üt	vdükaö  ütanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
dítfít	dítfítekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
.jÁKglášmžr	.jÁKglášmžron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
gRns-xk	gRns-xk	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
xžFhmlIóšt	xžFhmlIóštja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
šIaÁ-wSíyt	šIaÁ-wSíytban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ffžbwMxšAs	ffžbwMxšAsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
űgAaäkk	űgAaäkkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
őŋáágó	őŋáágókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ővcAMlÁlAxv	ővcAMlÁlAxvról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
örRtAáyt	örRtAáytért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ptyüűšp	ptyüűšpokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ngaúuéöSpők	ngaúuéöSpőkoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
nyčohs	nyčohsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
cKvlRMjKMChely	cKvlRMjKMClyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Mfnílr	Mfnílrig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
fđbgóojs	fđbgóojsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
íl, čgšžt	íl, čgšžtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ŋzvšđs	ŋzvšđsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
bhoxkg	bhoxkghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
MKoűõost	MKoűõostbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
xS-pxšya	xS-pxšyában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
sbithRb	sbithRbre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
zRbőKcMz	zRbőKcMznél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
Ađsuzm	Ađsuzmhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
éer wf,moa	éer wf,moák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
lrá,pklSi	lrá,pklSiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
znaCís	znaCísből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
FFbRtđőžđík	FFbRtđőžđíkké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
lobC,gít	lobC,gíss	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ädIlóŧjg.g	ädIlóŧjg.gnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
tSbafuú	tSbafuúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
'ztwwüđšõy	'ztwwüđšõyben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
žzőíCdi	žzőíCdiakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
.eünÁžú	.eünÁžúig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
óöéuiúf m	óöéuiúf mnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
cC Affo ŋéer	cC Affo ŋéreknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
mKSd bCbt	mKSd bCbtnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
bmáRuRCpm	bmáRuRCpmokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Mtú áo,ös	Mtú áo,össá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ú'mSnúü'bjy	ú'mSnúü'bjlyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ÁFeízRažs	ÁFeízRažsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
RőxgKKžŧjó	RőxgKKžŧjókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
twújbžđ'owi	twújbžđ'owiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
fíÁérz	fíÁérszel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
đđóúgčxt	đđóúgčxtsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
,-õ óIr	,-õ óIr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ldöeKx,p	ldöeKx,pokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
töewvySs	töewvySsokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Álkk-üt	Álkk-ütban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
üÁíxüó	üÁíxüóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ökéúžó	ökéúžótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
šöjpŋlSr	šöjpŋlSrakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Ré,efyAjg	Ré,efyAjggel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
  bđKIfja	  bđKIfjáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
süKwő vs	süKwő vs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
nhtŧ-xt	nhtŧ-xtték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
nFdküwAt	nFdküwAtnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ojävusÁ.äut	ojävusÁ.äutsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
lrwŋ-m'dtl	lrwŋ-m'dtljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
KKSrjg	KKSrjgként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Coxmõoó	Coxmõoóknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ő.ggRnFvnda	ő.ggRnFvndán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
fAöpđŧiuőSy	fAöpđŧiuőSyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,Ruõöuđjwr	,Ruõöuđjwrokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŧSíüva	ŧSíüvákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
zőAMehn	zőAMehnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
yčodea	yčodeából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
óõleđ-KgSär	óõleđ-KgSärokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
 uFzMŧőnc	 uFzMŧőncnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
üüűfomxÁji	üüűfomxÁjikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
SSSaMhnlv	SSSaMhnlvsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
cjõŧFóxb	cjõŧFóxbeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
gh'-lčwa	gh'-lčwákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
đúä. obűl s	đúä. obűl stól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
yhmnxá cŧ t	yhmnxá cŧ tekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
eáázhvr	eáázhvren	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 öKžmg	 öKžmgakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
xúÁcŋfeža	xúÁcŋfežákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
nktx.õy	nktx.õyekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
úšhcméFtđz	úšhcméFtđzokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
zs xkFiw.zl	zs xkFiw.zlnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
CöAégaudyl	CöAégaudyltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
šRüő,dz	šRüő,dztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
ÁűÁcb,zRz b	ÁűÁcb,zRz bért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ržllI eóSy	ržllI eóSyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧmRejs	ŧmRejsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
đŧžđdŧRá'l	đŧžđdŧRá'ljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ŧbŋCőe	ŧbŋCőékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
säocMé''i	säocMé''ivé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ä-Ivgčó	ä-Ivgčókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ežjéCCštn	ežjéCCštneket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
 MéjóíCik	 MéjóíCjanak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
sõstiűoMvjs	sõstiűoMvjsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
 AuŋhšAzűe	 AuŋhšAzűéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ížőóžIdöa	ížőóžIdöákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
AAbcMk	AAbcMkokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
l.gFđtkxFÁa	l.gFđtkxFÁától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Kv óápbgFty	Kv óápbgFtyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
űđ.spgmláfi	űđ.spgmláfikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
jükűós	jükűósért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
mämiäSIz	mämiäSIznétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
Cwátáíton	Cwátáítonok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
wgčnAluMs	wgčnAluMsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
cn,z'RKSé	cn,z'RKSé	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
,zuõá.ečb	,zuõá.ečbnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
MKtyŧűk	MKtyŧűkokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
RMőxaoa	RMőxaoákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
jsiomgzp	jsiomgzp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
sAót ööíCs	sAót ööíCssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
đeAbcbüAz	đeAbcbüAzzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
öíé',éduCžt	öíé',éduCžtakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
öä'anőólcr	öä'anőólcrből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
keád-rŋs	keád-rŋsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
e rdrpöhÁRi	e rdrpöhÁRiekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
wofö ó	wofö ótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
bi,éŧIC-eys	plu,éŧIC-eyal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
náRsváűeik	náRsváűeandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
uämK'íäjäl	uämK'íäjäljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
čŋAozis	čŋAozisig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
äp žmt	äp žmtba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
mzŋrd söik	mzŋrd sözon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
RIŧfkFó	RIŧfkFókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ömhčrš,xct	ömhčrš,xctbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
aűfxázvžg	aűfxázvžgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
čőyévó	čőyévókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
 g'xFz	 g'xFzből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
üpCčžFečnb	üpCčžFečnbakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
K esoxt	K esoxtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
aj Au vÁum	aj Au vÁum-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
MsxhKel	MsxhKlem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
emlásvt	emlásvteknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
,đabpid	,đabpidekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
g'-xúvwmpy	g'-xúvwmpyként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
drw,lxK It	drw,lxK Iten	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 akõusó	 akõusókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
iÁgcxlúa	iÁgcxlúánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
SeŧKjr	SeŧKjrt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
rIMŋxökFíó	rIMŋxökFíóig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Afúówõtínad	Afúówõtínadet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Rah,krdhga	Rah,krdhgákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
  udx fos	  udx foseknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
 rzhí'õy	 rzhí'õyakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
Cfŋűbm	Cfŋűbmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
-öMűä d-švb	-öMűä d-švb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
õmdčcl	õmdčclted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
boIűuxSly	bolyIűuxSknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
jmíigő	jmíigőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
e-Fxđkŋő	e-Fxđkŋőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
öÁõuásy	öÁõuásnyé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Aášŋtkm	Aášŋtkmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
jbõč-rŋzc-k	jbõč-rŋzc-któl	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
CŋóÁsõyöžt	CŋóÁsõyöžtből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
j'mõ ó	j'mõ ót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
rdmuls	rdmulsak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
tjeFmtxe társ	tjeFmtxe atársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
,õbhRó'a	,õbhRó'ákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
đóríxxŋz	đóríxxŋzra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
õäesőéí.dŧt	õäesőéí.dŧtakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
wíŧnäŧs	wíŧnäŧssel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
yíúoő öđés	yíúoő öđésokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
faKvsueácft	faKvsueácftekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
íŧrojkŧű	íŧrojkŧűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
hngžášó	hngžášókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ä,stpđeŋáub	ä,stpđeŋáubért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
vCŧvSec,šFg	vCŧvSec,šFghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
űídõsl	űídõsl	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
aodešymvŋó	aodešymvŋóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
đžRIx,öl	đžRIx,öló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
ŋoräCd	ŋoräCdról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
 óÁeõnAouz	 óÁeõnAouzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
šsäRđt	šsäRđtsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
,iűutzöpt	,iűutzöptból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
épKInõt	épKInõtenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
vyžújájl	vyžújájlbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
,mb'wčašg	,mb'wčašgnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
'tAx y	'tAx yhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
goõrnštpsz	goõrnštpszhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
IKž,-önówűi	IKž,-önówűikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ršn-pzšMfs	ršn-pzšMfsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
zvnšjm	zvnšjmot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
đm Céí űr	đm Céí űrjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
đosbyd	đosbydoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
,lvgaíza	,lvgaízán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŧúccpđ C .z	ŧúccpđ C .zról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
wkCđiwIúeks	wkCđiwIúeksre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
FeAűõhlttz	FeAűõhlttzről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
rdi,uŧé,bg	rdi,uŧé,bgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
pőžArm	pőžArmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
hhpdálMéáej	hhpdálMéáejokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
 éürdy ti	 éürdy tin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
eő jis	eő jisről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ttKgsõ,Agöűz	ttKgsõ,Agöüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
éhšCfő	éhšCfőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
kóCtü vIAő	kóCtü vIAővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
dhRőđAFbl	dhRőđAFbltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
 nSÁá'.õa	 nSÁá'.õákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
lőüš éFl	lőüš éFlni	V;NFIN;hungarian
eugüdít	eugüdítként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Iocöűmžs	Iocöűmžsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ccIüóSžcŋós	ccIüóSžcŋóseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
nFtž 'hwvs	nFtž 'hwvsekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
,õőFöl	,õőFölokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
yŋ.ŋf.kwRua	yŋ.ŋf.kwRuák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ÁzIžwájÁ s	ÁzIžwájÁ soknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
t,kŧrom	t,kŧrmakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
lõugbžFó	lõugbžFónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
úCAkbj	úCAkbjekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Ref,Ma	Ref,Mához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
'ríoü,éűeŋz	'ríoü,éűeŋzba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
sKI'al	sKI'alnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
.AK,ŧAÁőe	.AK,ŧAÁőétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
 fóFwép kms	 fóFwép kmstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
'jűcsi	'jűcsinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
yAűűéžS,šn	yAűűéžS,šnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
c.kšCtÁtđK	c.kšCtÁtđK-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋAzmsyIwSi	ŋAzmsyIwSinak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
kS.úh,Fs	kS.úh,Fsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
oóõov zm	oóõov zmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋ'gcsóAKt	ŋ'gcsóAKtokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
óžfxts	óžfxtsokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ddvočg	ddvočgekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
-üčy uoFiht	-üčy uoFihtott	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
CyÁúüwŧta	CyÁúüwŧtaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Á'üáõžl	Á'üáõžlnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
íCw FMg	íCw FMggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
dűžkiR n	dűžkiR njék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
äemmMtcrši	äemmMtcršiekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kkvőj,n	kkvőj,nhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
lÁt-óAjv	lÁt-óAjvon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
mKapw-fml	mKapw-fmlom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
öMépžŋlx.b	öMépžŋlx.big	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
zõR Ap'öpt	zõR Ap'öptsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
RázKssíča	RázKssíčához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
óővgsáRpoms	óővgsáRpomsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
nkRtyk	nkRtyk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
õđpÁ'ŧt	õđpÁ'ŧttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
óöŧCđe	óöŧCđéhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
 Kesürrmpt	 Kesürrmptotok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
páAävl	páAävlták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
ofüjozRűgAt	ofüjozRűgAtba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
gS yIüsRr	gS yIüsRrhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ivŋäõ ő	ivŋäõ őkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
užMhšŧhűFi	užMhšŧhűFikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
yíMcgfr	yíMcgfrtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
Ijx,A y	Ijx,A yekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
žxmvŋžg	žxmvŋžgról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
á'ísry,čjt	á'ísry,čjtok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
S uuFt	S uuFtokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
wšo ekn	wšo eknból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kšnexéFl	kšnexéFlok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ŧčCmž-Aörór	ŧčCmž-Aöróroknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ébűöMŧri	ébűöMŧriból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
lšúluiCxŋt	lšúluiCxŋtá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
űIőöhmSt	űIőöhmStve	V.CVB;hungarian
e.žšséaó	e.žšséaók	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ijigIgb	ijigIgbhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
FlogőbFmspl	FlogőbFmspltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
b.RIetóFMCs	b.RIetóFMCssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bSŧgöó	bSŧgöót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ónchŧőj	ónchŧőjon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
biju'jAđe	biju'jAđéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
äúáRgs	äúáRgsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
.yüAwÁt	.yüAwÁtokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ükdwhuy	ükdwhuyért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
éúwđ aŋSi	éúwđ aŋSiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
šíieíKb	šíieíKben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
 Mé.,Mž,g	 Mé.,Mž,gokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
dg-nas	dg-nasokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
š f.éa	š f.éába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ÁzžčFŋl	ÁzžčFŋlt	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
žxMatčSMŧár	žxMatčSMŧárok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
CtxrKFots	CtxrKFotsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
C đAwbÁa	C đAwbÁává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ž.kwmŧmól	ž.kwmŧmóltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
yúb fér'Kűl	yúb fér'Kűltuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
õúMxšay	õúMxšayek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
hjűcŋäó	hjűcŋäót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
dänlozmé	dänlozméknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
 ŧMŧAdt	 ŧMŧAdtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
őA, Cäs	őA, Cäsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
dÁvžzodkűne	dÁvžzodkűnét	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ÁkFõaőösxon	ÁkFõaőösxnakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
k.ŋóawi	k.ŋóawiktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
úőczčóS,ŧa	úőczčóS,ŧa	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
pCrFűkC.a	pCrFűkC.ára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
rjsruđMFSRa	rjsruđMFSRából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
jčcúzááő	jčcúzááőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Ij'őiS.a	Ij'őiS.ákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
pmérlepa	pmérlepákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
šõsznk	šõsznk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
pÁe eu  áws	pÁe eu  áwsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
wSyo-íKg	wSyo-íKgek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
űđwIŧšn	űđwIŧšnné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ünjűMFyAl-l	ünjűMFyAl-ltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
űőMyđőšíčhd	űőMyđőšíčhdről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
űjíđuSíőča	űjíđuSíőčáknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Sc  tÁ- vcs	Sc  tÁ- vcsokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
'ädčűpg	'ädčűpgektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ú-õõA'g	ú-õõA'gekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
lcáAce-hxk	lcáAce-hxkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧčuašús	ŧčuašúsakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
é,õúxb	é,õúxbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
wížúzíCsáy	wížúzíCsáyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋSbčóMđóSdő	ŋSbčóMđóSdőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kénŧhdčy-r,átő	köveŧhdčy-r,átre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
 ú'õđyk	 ú'õđykekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Miűän-Fđ r	Miűän-Fđ rnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
v'aeŋbt	v'aeŋbt	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
j fíilkdžz	j fíilkdžznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
áútoäÁíÁst	áútoäÁíÁstanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
MMdvj,t	MMdvj,takká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
 űfAŋAá vő	 űfAŋAá vőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
yoRphŧov	yoRphŧovvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŧyősgüí t	ŧyősgüí tetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
űuúüü,üőŧőó	űuúüü,üőŧőókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
uMgúcc,Cl	uMgúcc,Clta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
yg'-šd	yg'-šdak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
jkdoAbdšő	jkdoAbdšővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
yd ŧöRs	yd ŧöRsokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
IvyFAnpgs	IvyFAnpgsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ziIA,ži	ziIA,žikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
töRčlót	töRčlótök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
o,pá,Söpsus	o,pá,Söpsussé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
jxxáRvt	jxxáRvtsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
jxvuís	jxvuísokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
mčm gó	mčm gókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŋŋvrzKűMfeem	ŋŋvrzKűMfemen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 tbp ro'õt	 tbp ro'õtsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
fačyhwesCás	fačyhwesCást	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
iőcmđjKry	iőcmđjKryokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
bžCíb-a	bžCíb-ába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
vŋRäznađnís	vŋRäznađnísokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
eb-wöäõs	eb-wöäõsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ŋíCeö oCpúő	ŋíCeö oCpúővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
đACSbA ,ó.	đACSbA ,ó.-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
óčyz,ávaŧéa	óčyz,ávaŧéákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
uétaní ŋkla	uétaní ŋkláról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
jnŋIrA-'zb	jnŋIrA-'zbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
sIvsnŋt	sIvsnŋtok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
xsžhRta	xsžhRtákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
čAűähÁkó	čAűähÁkónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
p h,vd	p h,vdat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
péađblŋkšarazita	singuléađblŋkšar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
žyűškFcz	žyűškFczzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
FdŧeäüCűís	FdŧeäüCűísnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Cäz őyäKs	Cäz őyäKsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
CxüöCa	CxüöCát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
fžäóÁi,xos	fžäóÁi,xosnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
účáwpe	účáwpére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,őõKdmFs	,őõKdmFsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ökebAMF a	ökebAMF ától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
üjSköáCőoör	üjSköáCőoörban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ödáűzššcűl	ödáűzššcűlnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
j.väKéfy	j.väKéfyekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
üdfK,Mŋ SÁt	üdfK,Mŋ SÁtekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
óöéúzóma	óöéúzómákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ü đRzyöács	ü đRzyöácsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
mgŧűeiöáa	mgŧűeiöáákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
õáđp-t	õáđp-tekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
äMcFaSädő	äMcFaSädövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
iIajy,foäne	iIajy,foänével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bolyp'ížžó	sinp'ížžular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
gFyKIl	gFyKIljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
gRkŋäos	gRkŋäosre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
c SkÁđš, t	c SkÁđš, tanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
. mž'účs	. mž'účsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Iđ őnfähgxb	Iđ őnfähgxbeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
SvMer.dk	SvMer.dkért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ŧšAöűóögfó	ŧšAöűóögfóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
écaéR' jmtn	écaéR' jmtnig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Kčdxwoŧäe.s	Kčdxwoŧäe.sokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
IrcvCwžSem	IrcvCwžSemokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
é .IA.đAõi	é .IA.đAõiekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
fčbüjpK Ar	fčbüjpK Arökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ühprAyv  Aá	ühprAyv  Aával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
wüFkŋuos	wüFkŋuosök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
j,õđKjwöCCs	j,õđKjwöCCsakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
cpsogFós	cpsogFósoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
uMtüűIs	uMtüűIsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
Rfí'ts	Rfí'tsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
vf.S'űdó	vf.S'űdón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
fMzíRil	fMzíRiltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
 dcSvmk. g	 dcSvmk. get	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
úkdäčdgšyót	úkdäčdgšyótról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ázŋö-ő	ázŋö-őn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
,nseIűdtxRó	,nseIűdtxRókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
üšälđr	üšälđrokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
gŋzi a	gŋzi ákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
K-möMt	K-möMtöttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
óđSőtg	óđSőtggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
lFpguFór	lFpguFórjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
űűpgSõia	űűpgSõiának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
séuSőóžzs	séuSőóžzshoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
zéS bsn	zéS bsntél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ynjnMnŧAAv	ynjnMnŧAAven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
täiSpšőődab	täiSpšőődabekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ACKíc ,úf,m	ACKíc ,úf,m	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
äa gíxiFd	äa gíxiFddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
hMczfRhaŧ-s	hMczfRhaŧ-ssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
FbFlns	FbFlnson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
üzoŧšíl	üzoŧšílekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
 vúő-pv	 vúő-pvban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
 kg,vSbüKxő	 kg,vSbüKxőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
wnnuRCzwéža	wnnuRCzwéžáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
đtx-gm	đtx-gmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋlazcsgj	ŋlazcsgj	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ečúxKnőchrik	ečúxKnőchrzen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
kkRÁđvég	kkRÁđvégok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŧRčkows	ŧRčkowsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csil'ŧ.panfwgfény	singu'ŧ.panfwr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
wóšccgg	wóšccggtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
đdzvo Á.yk	đdzvo Á.ykben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
sőmÁšRápžb	sőmÁšRápžbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
óúđbh-g	óúđbh-ghez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
yzxxÁsŧbšud	yzxxÁsŧbšudtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Réašávn	Réašávnek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
AFKShs	AFKShssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
vKiöűz-Mba	vKiöűz-Mbává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
göomwxks	göomwxksektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ás,KRAhgz	ás,KRAhgzták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
RđŋtCáKkCŋn	RđŋtCáKkCŋnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
rFoao  a	rFoao  ákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
őü  lgáwhs	őü  lgáwhsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ä.ŋéŋbkÁIwl	ä.ŋéŋbkÁIwlja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
RčC.lítFi	RčC.lítFiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
õđabđsr	õđabđsrökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Ktŋfű éht	Ktŋfű éhssen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
űrp'fgkhkg	űrp'fgkhkgért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
,üäčdág	,üäčdágokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
AlSčŧ,xk	AlSčŧ,xkig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
n,ShKÁjf	n,ShKÁjfről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
u õFfíaőIl	u õFfíaőIlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
xőKäaewtKSűz	xőKäaewtKSüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
žhžÁ-gnc	žhžÁ-gncokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
íF'đopta	íF'đoptáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
A-Fáű'.jcy	A-Fáű'.jcyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
hkúohőtgüa	hkúohőtgüát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ánúošRwia	ánúošRwiák	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
n ŋõžúAyt	n ŋõžúAytokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
MgšAsáxwl	MgšAsáxwljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
xSS.míõõže	xSS.míõõžén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 -xxŧSŧxt	 -xxŧSŧxtakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
rűibCi	rűibCikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
FüdíÁcCéő	FüdíÁcCéőkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kõtkeiCKüő	kõtkeiCKüőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
öI.äšs	öI.äšsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
iSbuõt.w.l	iSbuõt.w.lekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
uínčkŧRKŋús	uínčkŧRKŋúsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Kvđ Cfkaxú	Kvđ Cfkaxúknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
rõftcú	rõftcúakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
hŧđrkõjŋn	hŧđrkõjŋnokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
yKbfvjly'i	yKbfvjly'iekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
xsCŧšüS,l	xsCŧšüS,ljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
bKhőžiMpő	bKhőžiMpőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
.šMRkšŋ-Süt	.šMRkšŋ-Sütő	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
úznŋűKf Fl	úznŋűKf Flnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
góülsAhi	góülsAhiről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
zlg wa	zlg wává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
K kcŋžäđŋs	K kcŋžäđŋsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧáő hšct	ŧáő hšctokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
svúŋ.Cyl	svúŋ.Cylna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ŋvell,aŋŋji	ŋvell,aŋŋjiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
K äÁpžRrsik	K äÁpžRrsták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
đntny.iócő	đntny.iócőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
KRóxIm	KRóxImen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
l öŧŋxötxm	l öŧŋxötxmokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kMmž i	kMmž inek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
cjtétčxoz	cjtétčxozen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
hahđkRó-űen	hahđkRó-űenban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
Mmzŋ'jíz	Mmzŋ'jízni	V;NFIN;hungarian
,C-,yhó	,C-,yhóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ÁRpg.Ág	ÁRpg.Ágokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Á-Aüdút	Á-Aüdúttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
CtŧŋRor	CtŧŋRrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
oKöfärwyfős	oKöfärwyfősokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
,Cóc'čbwxa	,Cóc'čbwxákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Cppjhbusó	Cppjhbusótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
õuäüäöŧízúm	õuäüäöŧízúmra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
üöC.fzl	üöC.fzlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
.pgÁCđt	.pgÁCđtökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gK uFšdnő	gK uFšdnőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
sŧanšgznwoa	sŧanšgznwoához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
íŧ,Ssü-pt	íŧ,Ssü-ptenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ű.ž ,äfg	ű.ž ,äfgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
eüi-oopčKs	eüi-oopčKst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
cAõŧögälvzó	cAõŧögälvzókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
õ.bsčhmzfa	õ.bsčhmzfák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
u,-Mwlró	u,-Mwlrókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
-ó,zIúSt	-ó,zIúStaniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
wtxSáŋM k	wtxSáŋM kokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
abáoű.že	abáoű.žéig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
- RőFóa	- RőFóába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ciköcpF xn	cycöcpF xnokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
đ.-štot-z	đ.-štot-znák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
kA'ížI	kA'ížI-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
õyžšö'monő	õyžšö'monőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
őőuSIn gl	őőuSIn gltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
Coj éwsKbSi	Coj éwsKbSival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
úyúrtäea	úyúrtäeán	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
i.üsKžli	i.üsKžliaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
IšRyMwúil	IšRyMwúilbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
eŧoCxíIiás	eŧoCxíIiásekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ÁudMxőőbwú	ÁudMxőőbwúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Rhz. üRmíúd	Rhz. üRmíúden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
jSiMííŧiäúr	jSiMííŧiäúrral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
,Áld'vmpzs	,Áld'vmpzsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
uImeés	uImeésoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
-d Iđűsčõm	-d Iđűsčõmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Mlšwáb	Mlšwáb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
dgŋiõla	dgŋiõlából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
őnŋipÁrsdl	őnŋipÁrsdltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
yh xwg	yh xwget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
aeíúúl	aeíúúlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
RlüiRMóm	RlüiRMómokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
őzMSvcKšlpt	őzMSvcKšlptokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
lMõAFktäz	lMõAFktäznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
c'éy e.cjwó	c'éy e.cjwókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
uúx tčréos	uúx tčréosért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
dCwwšKua	dCwwšKuából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
,hSSv My	,hSSv Myra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
azm'äp	azm'äpeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
nŋ'šdl	nŋ'šdlnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
kzö.tuiwwt	kzö.tuiwwttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
űnõfaa	űnõfaákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ÁõAüSdáxt	ÁõAüSdáxtre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
cõööscz	cõööscz	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
mKÁ'S'űéús	mKÁ'S'űéúsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
őföügg	őföüggekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
mäőjxAu üáz	mäőjxAu üáznetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
uí ó-s	uí ó-sben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
é sl ó	é sl ókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
nõ'dwhv.s	nõ'dwhv.sokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
yüŧgŧk	yüŧgŧkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
käAic,-ny	käAic,-nybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
mgáöšvm	mgáöšvmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
õA näsécAÁz	õA näsécAÁztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
zŧŋygfg	zŧŋygfgből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
sAäŋmepw án	sAäŋmepw ánned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
čŋ'Cf-Kaáwg	čŋ'Cf-Kaáwgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
féfzCségik	féfzCségne	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
xl '.näz	xl '.näzze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
crncőRs	crncőRsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
euuyKűrđk e	euuyKűrđk ékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
rádw' -ur	rádw' -urokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
viőpxg	viőpxgjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ö' M-g s	ö' M-g sekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
űxööűes	űxööűesért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
tr nnMoa	tr nnMoánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
KöžrFk	KöžrFkokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
éó iőbó	éó iőbóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
zÁrcapäús	zÁrcapäúsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
KrŧItđat	KrŧItale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gccxdt	gccxdt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
yäõíiRt	yäõíiRba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
úađkčcmat	úađkčcmkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ysIF shčit	ysIF sžežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Kó udkábat	Kó udkábsašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
,eždKőíhta	,eždKőíđaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
öóCőzdšbzhkat	öóCőzdšbzgaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
nčkúáRt	nčkúáRi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
őéxú.žúIa	őéxú.žúIa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
djzvőflat	djzvőf'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
F áéMIuhkat	F áéMIugan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
FfpCnjC'đőpat	FfpCnjC'đőažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
õäMunäat	õäMunäat	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
okŋeuwlžŧžšat	okŋeuwlžŧžašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
őíu,đéI-ugit	őíu,đéI-ugot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dAKsŧikrdrt	dAKsŧikrdrjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
-õ atää,ut	-õ atää,ot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ađ-kit	ađ-kibui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuo.šCs'ówhb,it	ču.šCs'ówhb,e	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
xwoŧljőit	xwoŧljődášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
đdöžŧut	đdöžŧu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
bjúáű'ku	bjúáű'uid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
öbtűMekti	öbtűMvttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
amMfazŋu	amMfazŋui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
iókg-rúđt	iókg-rúđda	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ffpoŧíeŋwt	ffpoŧíeŋwšeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŧéđtóžžat	ŧéđtóččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őlmiddju	őlmiddju	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
xägí'Kđat	xägí'Kažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
eádlwűFöit	eádlwűFötiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋrtzÁ it	ŋrtzÁ táleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bfugsut	bfugsgošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
űjűbnt	űjűbnba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
žKdRRuIa	žKdRRuIan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ésőŋdyjnat	ésőŋdyjašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
hohŧKzza	hohŧKccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
đr,SždAhtat	đr,SždAđa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
d üiSla	d üiSas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
áÁSAőit	áÁSAőehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oapewbg.ut	opewbg.on	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
.KIőAxőI'zza	.KIőAxőI'cca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
RyÁőtdhkat	RyÁőtdga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
lfíõfgrŋoat	lfíõfgrŋoot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dáprÁIúđíj,kÁt	dárÁIúđíj,kÁšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
 ógpokku	 ógpoggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
beadFprASkeóFit	bedFprASkeóFtežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
''bđät	''bđälit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.iägüR .at	.iägüR .oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
vsM,-at	vsM,-os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
eFtuíjívit	eFtuíjívtáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 SRíeéšgIggat	 SRíeéšgIkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuowŧIrSčit	čuwŧIrSčen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
iÁđ'šmüMIt	iÁđ'šmüMIvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
űúCMÁŋAhIzhcut	űúCMÁŋAhIzzut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jokn'dw.t	jovsn'dw.t	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
,Cgyks	,Cgykssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Fg-swwnŋu	Fg-swwnŋui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
űSCmiúpöla	űSCmiúpöas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
MkCj,dáš	MkCj,dážiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ŧbcnntcMa	ŧbcnntcMas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
Mo'gžwh t	Mo'gžwh le	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bu zM'esat	bu zM'ealeidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,šöpäRhkat	,šöpäRgašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
íždS.íđgrwt	íždS.íđgrwt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
-unbmt	-unbmlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,oŧozldžöut	,oŧozldžövoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
 vc  , IMőt	 vc  , IMővččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ú.úúbt	ú.úúbbiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
SfõRlšđwšKhkat	SfõRlšđwšKgašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
gššréyv'Fsut	gššréyv'Fscožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
űfŋóst	űfŋósjetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
čočlKa	čočlKan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
a-IdéIjiolgut	a-IdéIjilggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ődMAgvSžobis	ődMAgvSžoásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoasaochjótxcut	čosaochjótxcot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
õõkhéiööt	õõkhéiöövččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
eIóőpõüit	eIóőpõütii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 yMm bu a	 yMm bu an	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
rudsőlŋka	rudsőlŋa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
žmoűlat	žmoűltaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sealáõb.šSat	seláõb.šSo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
vüMrSprmmhpi	vüMrSprmmbiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
á.iŧűpzeú t	á.iŧűpzeú beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
AäeKIčőfota	AäeKIčőfoat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
í üacmösiat	í üacmösiá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
öfžIüiét	öfžIüiéjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
űI-w'đp üjallat	űI-w'đp üjllos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
tlouűu-.amos	tlouűu-.pmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reapssežut	repssežo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
nóčtkűargŋut	nóčtkűrkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Muŋyő,I'wit	Muŋyő,I'weigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 äéAjbmat	 äéAjpmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Siöxrtit	Siöxrtehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
 oišKöSovídnut	 oišKöSovínnošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
đbuíCđjžat	đbuíCđjžkaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nŧíáűÁđi	nŧíáűÁđin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Mxánŧóxč'rit	Mxánŧóxč'rkášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
jéötkFrŋkčat	jéötkFrŋvččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
iovhtžžat	iovhtččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
üggeAčit	üggeAčišeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
bsytsíuüát	bsytsíuüá	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
c.cF'hci	c.cF'zi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
wäđj-ät	wäđj-äda	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
őéčMűIwmhÁt	őéčMűIwmhÁbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
űósÁcõt	űósÁcõleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rl.öSóva	rl.öSóvtaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
íáč'wmüűčet	íáč'wmüűče	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ŧt,caé-aóit	ŧt,caé-aóiše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goaeCgFxöíut	goeCgFxöíkole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đvcCFžéd-rat	đvcCFžéd-aide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
gwtg apmat	gwtg amaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
wmššwóMággat	wmššwóMákkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čS'zpwKhcut	čS'zpwKzošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ónnšAAwčűŧa	ónnšAAwčűŧtaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
hfaúűhčit	hfaúűžášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
käűõRt	käűõRžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuofdž,nõžit	vufdž,nõždiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
óhxžp  Cúmt	óhxžp  Cúmdiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
číeetná -t	číeetná -but	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
kxíSMKoaeat	kxíSMKoaekaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
K-hjíhšõáóžžut	K-hjíhšõáóččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
dymwödrsat	dymwödra	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
nxűóIžyhcit	nxűóIžyzežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
xcaŋsđy i	xcaŋsđy diid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
átiRáfgwIfit	átiRáfgwIfe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
jŧšÁ'ús	jŧšÁ'úsain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
lIáőKxut	lIáőKxu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
rfujprcđt	rfujprcđbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dMhj'KjMagt	dMhj'KjMagba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
'náx,bFn,ut	'náx,bFn,oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
őCdwAavkit	őCdwAvkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
őSMRä đR't	őSMRä đR'ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ö'dčŧtóchpat	ö'dčŧtócbašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
dieCüfRAhonat	diCüfRAhonot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ŋdűc' öSrpat	ŋdűc' öSražeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
Sbs őRFat	Sbs őRFdaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
S óčs-ft	S óčs-fšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
'tupšeit	'tupšee	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Ázv'Kthtat	Ázv'Ktđažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
hea -AAčen Cut	he -AAčen Cgošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
bőč éit	bőč éeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
yaRäkat	yaRäkdašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
 üRCISžrat	 üRCISžažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suodxxsälsođúat	sudxxsälsođúet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
áóCčŋwđÁätat	áđažeaóCčŋwđÁäppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
.fjoőA zóŋat	.fjoőA zóŋtalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
swžž.čőőt	swžž.čőővččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goaK,-Alzuut	goK,-Alzuos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
.űAdh t	.űAdh šii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
mItá-bõbAlat	mItá-bõbAaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Mčúnaŋrs	Mčúnaŋrsaid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Iüáláíkku	Iüáláíggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
 lk.wjdíit	 lk.wjdíehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
veađxpImut	veđxpImgole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
RlúőžFt	RlúőžFt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Rmõhõűmuksit	Rmõhõűmuvssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋóípút	ŋóípúi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
w.CuSKdja	w.CuSKjain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
IúaöMRüđhggat	IúaöMRüđhkkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đawCtscsxbmat	đawCtscsxmmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bövõChÁÁbdat	bövõChÁÁbdoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
t v.yvat	t v.yašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ó Ktívŋűa	ó Ktívŋűvaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
sädc'kú,i	sädc'kú,ái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
đhlúgg-amos	đhlúgg-pmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
pgzgIuŋl t	pgzgIuŋl včče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bealá'Iiđi	beá'Iiđiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
 nzodlávt	 nzodlávt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
oöjyft	oöjyfbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
úMxÁöamos	úMxÁöpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
AűgíCéÁáläđat	AűgíCéÁáläan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
-lškáéõäi	-lškáéõäi	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
'švŋäõúŧűCggit	'švŋäõúŧűCkkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŋkích'ŋyšednit	ŋkích'ŋyšennášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
AlFf-s	AlFf-sa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ujä-šKkt	ujä-šKkleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čieúj,vnat	čiúj,vnoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oeűnđšúAí,s	oeűnđšúAí,s	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
č,.I'ut	č,.I'dožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
uüxwFáž-pt	uüxwFáž-pleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
neagzixxnoŋbi	negzixxnoŋbgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duopCkFv s,úat	dupCkFv s,úet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
 eóúobŋđõõa	 eóúobŋđõõsas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
aMoKpAt	aMoKpAvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
žjsŋägat	žjsŋäge	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
rÁywhohki	rÁywhgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
j-elfad hđit	j-elfad hđeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
fnS,S iebbut	fnS,S ieppo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
úäőÁ,uu	úäőÁ,uuid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ÁõhtÁat	ÁõhtÁe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
bónzdõ naFat	bónzdõ naFbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Áy ReFŧFut	Áy ReFŧFdošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧ.bM,rčpit	ŧ.bM,rčáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CAűä.gčhkat	CAűä.gčga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
hoRIđyAl,ht	hoRIđyAl,hdiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
xšjéŧiRRmdnit	xšjéŧiRRmnnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Áőŧil at	Áőŧil en	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
tõkžRüo,argut	tõkžRüo,rggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
puARegŋat	puARekŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
gdlzc-vat	gdlzc-ašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
RAs-űaft	RAs-űafjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fx-g óŋkíhit	fx-g óŋkíhežže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
cičúhK Iűxt	cičúhK Iűxžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ú hšzüpzkt	ú hšzüpzkjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
bžyy.íelát	bžyy.íe'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
''ŋc pűit	''ŋc pűde	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
üÁ gó.yä,t	üÁ gó.yä,ža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
.daz'btwt	.daz'btwlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
oygf-ž. ddit	oygf-ž. ddan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋAčűűcit	ŋAčűűášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
űuté-aÁlat	űuté-aÁašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧnnčőéŧs  t	ŧnnčőéŧs  ide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ű-Áõwzúsžt	ű-Áõwzúsžbun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
shđKegöcat	shđKegöci	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
wCk Auat	wCk Augalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áő.,gptäFlát	áő.,gptäF'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
i'õRyűnknhkat	i'õRyűnkngašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
űMIšúat	űMIšúe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
űb,vöArrva	űb,vöArrat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
xčűäxáeúrit	xčűäxáeúrtášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
RlfžIclat	RlfžIcaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
žbuđržKnjat	žbuđržKndji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vát fo-őt	vá fo-őt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Fŋvgŋ'Ažit	Fŋvgŋ'Ažbáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ybsõbpkl	ybsõbpkliin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
.sSšÁxbkat	.sSšÁxbaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őeyá avvit	őeyá vežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
Céđfxŋžvhr	Céđfxŋžvhr	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
cRfđčit	cRfđčtášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
Mõóčŋéét	Mõóčŋééidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
wzA ív-oa	wzA ív-oain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
éAiõtoba	éAiõtohpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
úiAőA,wea	úiAőA,wecain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dmIüRÁdt	dmIüRÁdt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dőšzheávhčit	dőšzheávžiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
mMyAčüyőŧat	mMyAčüyőŧot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loaÁmFjgnat	loÁmFjgnet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Kl.ščat	Kl.ščkažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
üdŋáűtIöonas	üdŋáűtIöotnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
R-KáoAat	R-KáoAen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
yd'pŋCd'wCt	yd'pŋCd'wCvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
jneűnt	jneűnlin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geatrjKzav'it	getrjKzav'diide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
bfez-őCcÁvat	bfez-őCcÁažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
CIuRRSüjt	CIuRRSüjbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
nevfäčCK'.dna	nevfäčCK'.nnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
đir'-t	đir'-jehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rádaoäüx,wčut	ráaoäüx,wčužat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuoAfemau dč'it	vuAfemau dč'giimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
mršrköohčut	mršrköžuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
geazkK vRoAűcit	gezkK vRoAűcdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gieijhRštóõit	giijhRštóõdiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
kžoŧčüut	kžoŧčücoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ímmä.sdnut	ímmä.stnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoxaoIKggat	čuxaoIKggen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játčíöõžhyt	jáčíöõžhyleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nRd uSŋ f-sat	nRd uSŋ f-alit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 .mŋs',žut	 .mŋs',žrožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
I,ot-Mjŋsat	I,ot-Mjŋset	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuogäCxukit	šugäCxuežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šFówŋ''đat	šFówŋ''ašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
zúR,,wžúrut	zúR,,wžúuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
zímFlIat	zímFlIaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
-űrfzMexa	-űrfzMexaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
đnd'óeAkt	đnd'óeAkžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
 éáfvRSšđúit	 éáfvRSšđútežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧjgđoäxöit	ŧjgđoäxöetne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
xžŧmsj.vat	xžŧmsj.vzaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
iiäžümúfdamos	iiäžümúfdpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
í KFuut	í KFuon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čat. zoa,eu.t	ča. zoa,eu.lii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öÁslđtfsat	öÁslđtfažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čieSéoküRKIhiat	čiSéoküRKIhiet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
büŧnoh Áit	büŧnoh Áeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
iü-dóuyš ka	iü-dóuyš ain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Á'álj šat	Á'álj šcalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Aŋk'Aat	Aŋk'Aet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
aíähsit	aíähseaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ö.pKCvlit	ö.pKCvlvežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
úšđaő-fit	úšđaő-fdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧb'slő'Áotit	ŧb'slő'Áoáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
llfäAtlážöt	llfäAtlážöbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
hxd,yÁat	hxd,yÁe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
áű-.helcmut	áű-.helcmgošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
Aiuseyepma	Aiuseyemat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
beacöu srjiit	becöu srjios	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
vh,pF,ršn	vh,pF,ršsan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
g-ózsÁpFÁlit	lág-ózsÁpFÁe	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űéjiMíaét	űéjiMíaéi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
vwwálFóota	vwwálFóotaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
öÁŧű,čft	öÁŧű,čfšit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
.ŧ yőčhit	.ŧ yőčhoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
s kúki	s kúkriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
,ÁK,Snyt	,ÁK,Snyt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
 äéceat	 äéceoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
óKw áđRfh,đi	óKw áđRfh,iin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
õđezruÁúgät	õđezruÁúgät	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
üžőžyKat	üžőžyKá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
'g'uäwít	'g'uäwíhiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
rea'í íš zi	re'í íš zriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ri.R tdmt	ri.R tdmt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
äkšífŋmoggut	äkšífŋmkkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ae őfhšžt	ae őfhšžt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
őóKdčuŧsŋit	őóKdčuŧsŋe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
äKúu  ün	äKúu  ümiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ŋ-č'đgŧát	ŋ-č'đgŧát	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
šxzRčvfdnu	šxzRčvfnnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
őäkŧšxüvlat	őäkŧšxüvašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čkvCClšüna	čkvCClšüna	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
míécSšamfit	míécSšamfeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
jžaeuieeatit	jžaeuieeatdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
Cžó đpáot	Cžó đpáodin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
yCniSpMit	yCniSpMeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
kšMmčit	kšMmčan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
éAđiiüŋ it	éAđiiüŋ eš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
y bóbrasat	y bóbraašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
tcwhKvgát	tcwhKvgáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dpsrc- võat	dpsrc- võgažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋnűFäđi	ŋnűFäđi	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ft ö éCet	ft ö éCii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
S,äa,u.i	S,äa,u.liiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
xMüđűl	xMüđűl	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
jüđihfŧcnvrat	jüđihfŧcnvažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
w mfia	w mfiain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
rnéüűwdna	rnéüűwnnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
r.ecŋűj-äđat	r.ecŋűj-äan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jieõSõd-at	jiõSõd-e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čgjkhxblat	čgjkhxbat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Mwnuwxkyt	Mwnuwxkyjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
pŋűpmčit	pŋűpmčeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuoúajM'uoit	vuúajM'uoet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
mw-üŧMIha	mw-üŧMIhii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Ksuxbčšdäabbut	Ksuxbčšdäppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
.őe.ŋjtárs	.őe.ŋjtárssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ÁdewÁdcívut	ÁdewÁdcívrut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
I -őKMi	I -őKMiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
älgf.vm'eut	älgf.vm'egožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
füypőeüűgthtat	füypőeüűgtđažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
Rõmdš-eéa	Rõmdš-eésain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
öuóhwüt	öuóhwün	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
bynAeúzt	bynAeúzbu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
. óKnözut	. óKnözu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šeaõxjAeeuut	šeõxjAeeugožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
tb ŋwM pmi	tb ŋwM mi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
íjébúC mfat	íjébúC ma	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goarušóőaut	gorušóőavožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
oClugRšt	oClugRšbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
xüKcízhCš	xüKcízhCččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ÁeüüžAbnüt	ÁeüüžAbnübeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
oj-gŧŋit	oj-gŧŋá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
KhIzusŋjižt	KhIzusŋjižbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ážfIetkdű'at	ážfIetkdű'oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doaeoncŋ,ŧ.ut	doeoncŋ,ŧ.vui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŋkõgIwŋit	ŋkõgIwŋtále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
üÁgöíw wetvat	üÁgöíw wetašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
íõúhéamos	íõúhépmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
üzíwuyÁ äme	üzíwuyÁ ämet	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
üm.yxat	üm.yxe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
  somait	  somagii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
-spRálzsŧšat	-spRálzsŧale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
izFüŋnu	izFüŋuide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
hhuüöá-šÁit	hhuüöá-šÁon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
őtRÁs.čdna	őtRÁs.čnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
íŧw'fÁ't	íŧw'fÁ'ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
-jn'gsjSrát	-jn'gsjS'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
únõwö.avvi	únõwö.viid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ékúvõiAüat	ékúvõiAücan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
iéFjzsuMkit	iéFjzsuMáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
céló.RÁiÁMs	céló.RÁiÁMsain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
trhx,čy-án	trhx,čy-án	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
KuéFóxsat	KuéFóxse	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
úyiCdűküwi	úyiCdűküwri	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
xüäéÁpüŧia	xüäéÁpüŧiii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
f-óyúpúÁCs	f-óyúpúÁCsiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
űšäóülfčukut	űšäóülfčukgošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
MŧuRéšczbmi	MŧuRéšczmmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
drjyäöSbsuit	drjyäöSbsue	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
kpđFoat	kpđFogaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Fh.zlüat	Fh.zlüá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
b-őuŧ-t	b-őuŧ-t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
rzAžužxahcut	rzAžužxzošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
cäő.yueđđi	cäő.yuđiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
vdxeocjcdi	vdxeocjcdái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
caícéšMmFit	caícéšMmFeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
čámhpeõ ta	čámhpeõ aide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuoõ nűujMut	vuõ nűujMot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧmbvopRfeűit	ŧmbvopRfeűdežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
ö'džüMf .sa	ö'džüMf .ain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
.-sfwt	.-sfwbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
cdfđrúdnut	cdfđrúnnoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ródoŧReláMat	ródoŧReláMkašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
čtRoúróxpmi	imčtRoúróxin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuoxyRč,'mo,zit	vuxyRč,'mo,zet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
,úuáKozMžt	,úuáKozMžžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
éFAKjCúMM't	éFAKjCúMM'ime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gádűIőugj,át	gáűIőugj,ái	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođ rtM't	gu rtM'iga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
désü fhta	désü fđain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
x űuvla	x űuvaga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
dieäőäücŧoÁlgut	diäőäücŧoÁlggošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
kž,zđműŋsKit	kž,zđműŋsKeimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
xRivRaé-at	xRivRaé-važat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
š'upzöa	š'upzögat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
yvzléFnwrŋvit	yvzléFnwrŋežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
,fžuü.fwut	,fžuü.fwdoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
MM.čőClat	MM.čőCašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
Crwkš.ođđut	Crwkš.đoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
č'ÁCsbm-bis	č'ÁCsbm-ásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oaSmfšaIut	oSmfšaIot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
lAádtőÁeat	lAádtőÁegašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
hor-búFat	hor-búFbaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
pvhŧnit	pvhŧnet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
xohđaamóba	xohđaamóba	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
áéyCgFsjät	áéyCgFsjäide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ymo z S it	ymo z S eidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
óörtbjóyi	óörtbjóyin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
 kdfd'wzr akčut	 kdfd'wzr vččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
.äŋŧŧnő,bnat	.äŋŧŧnő,bnet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
aivSőđyegat	aivSőđyegtu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
áúf űnyvxtt	áúf űnyvxtjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
veaK-žAűsyit	veK-žAűsytežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buoRüjčgat	buRüjčget	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
dyöfeođđit	dyöfeđežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šeaCiÁw fMut	šeCiÁw fMgožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
jgü.tžnkzut	jgü.tžnkzos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
CcIjSäđIiit	CcIjSäđIigále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žőe.g-t	žőe.g-šeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
üačRüohki	üačRügiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Idáŋ.ŋŧuordnut	Idáŋ.ŋŧurtnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oaáäKpFgit	oáäKpFgoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
kzffđht	kzffđhi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
yjÁ,xkŋz.it	yjÁ,xkŋz.eappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
zaüctõefCäit	zaüctõefCävát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ijzkaówhpat	ijzkaówbaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
KtŋŋŋđCIat	KtŋŋŋđCIo	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
seaFäsSCeat	seFäsSCeo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
isiűwéAwsäat	isiűwéAwsäot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
žeaKŧusa	žeaKŧuaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
čh'íógit	čh'íóga	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
,Sx'giat	,Sx'giet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
clobKa	clobKvain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
tAüw bdni	tAüw bnniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
-ŧKäowoóat	-ŧKäowoódaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Khé-KhRhpat	Khé-KhRbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
õmčŋxceõčt	õmčŋxceõčžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋ'žfMsiőaäit	ŋ'žfMsiőaäe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
r sŧp-nfvöhpat	r sŧp-nfvöbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ovCölMplitorus	ovCölMplitrrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
zréhűamos	zréhűpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
MőhÁíež'äűut	MőhÁíež'äűon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
écFKM lühit	écFKM lühdášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
,-vF Fút	,-vF Fúžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goafŧöáőóut	gofŧöáőóo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
hoyúIKat	hoyúIKos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
F žÁyma	F žÁyman	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
 óynélüjlu	 óynélüjlui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ykdégúpmSrát	ykdégúpmS'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
joku.jCxéSmt	jovsu.jCxéSmle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-.žűst	-.žűsžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
t-IIMríyFxit	t-IIMríyFxet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
mž-I ÁAmŧKt	mž-I ÁAmŧKžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
xIűrF-irhpt	xIűrF-irhple	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rüF-.Á-wlyat	rüF-.Á-wlykaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
flpIRpđ ggat	flpIRpđ kkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SIőü t	SIőü t	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
đmyáóAžMet	đmyáóAžMiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
lt đróÁ-i	lt đróÁ-siide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goartó-S.Ft	gotó-S.Fidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧeaüšit	ŧeaüštálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yŋä,bguAut	yŋä,bguAgoleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
kétás ovat	kétás oaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧFlšxFt	ŧFlšxFdiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
cfddyit	cfddyeažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
Cőnuzűuéat	Cőnuzűuée	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ázőčnCa	ázőčnClain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
čgÁe őat	čgÁe őagiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
eáKő-űbk'Mžu	eáKő-űbk'Mhččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
xówRRKi	xówRRKdis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
lomíChcut	lomíCzožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
cmõ-žŋüt	cmõ-žŋübuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
ufüđn,vŧómt	ufüđn,vŧómjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
,ádCcrát	,ádCc'ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CcSmmšhpat	CcSmmšbaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zákIeönFit	zákIeönFtášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
CŋöŋgjAá-t	CŋöŋgjAá-jehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
íőC,čiűjat	íőC,čiűjkaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cgipéÁt	cgipéÁba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
gSyž.eiot	gSyž.eiobuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
žjéyudpđ-hka	žjéyudpđ-ga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
pszsuŋgsvat	pszsuŋgsažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Cxíéfjđa	Cxíéfjđtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
'õyügFõäxkit	'õyügFõäxke	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
múozÁcat	múozÁcet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧRđŧžCđat	ŧRđŧžCašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ó.CSMMaat	ó.CSMMaos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
õŧixűikgŧat	õŧixűikgŧet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
neAysuyCit	neAysuyCot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
äđIŧdagtat	äđIŧdagtu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
o,Mcru	o,Mcrui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
hšgižőKat	hšgižőKet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
iők,bŋRÁőt	iők,bŋRÁőžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
-mCđjjt	-mCđjjba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Rogg-'it	Rogg-'tášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ó-šwovcüMt	ó-šwovcüMbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ée'óeőŧúŧt	ée'óeőŧúŧbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
MšRŧet	MšRŧebeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
műétSit	műétSkát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuovžŋšeit	fuvžŋšee	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
zűMhgskčat	zűMhgsvččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
iűpűõi	iűpűõtiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
tlxjgčžSűlit	tlxjgčžSűášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
mag ísűAdnu	mag ísűAnnuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
uÁpčškgbitnat	uÁpčškgbina	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
w l,gyc,al	w l,gyc,raliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dálcnpm zza	dálcnpm ccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
cíFhõmöúRarrut	cíFhõmöúRrošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
-fžőóeőät	-fžőóeőäše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
üŧdxKit	üŧdxKtežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
rKtvRčMđdt	rKtvRčMđdt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
leayčóApuéCit	leyčóApuéCdiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
wndRkzFFcRt	wndRkzFFcRleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fÁjŧR, éyöat	fÁjŧR, éyöot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
eFáščSAp'wahkit	eFáščSAp'wgežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
 AűIŋMÁšt	 AűIŋMÁšžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
,u üÁgFu	,u üÁgFui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
AoyäuöI dőit	AoyäuöI dőášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Mgä'xt	Mgä'xvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
MõaCäuffat	MõaCäuffu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
bŧ äélŧ at	bŧ äélŧ tažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
udšáasat	udšáa'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
geatrf cõÁit	getrf cõÁet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ebiü.,ódnat	ebiü.,ótnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
botóöŧMht	boóöŧMhlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Fđe ű,óht	Fđe ű,óhbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goayüébmmŋhut	goyüébmmŋhvuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
eoójhzmat	eoójhzmgaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mžFFđt	mžFFđdiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
kkelauAáSddut	kkelauAáSttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
RgrÁjs	RgrÁjsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
tujŧíšitt	tujŧíšitjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bieCh őbúit	biCh őbúot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
Iičp Kúsu	Iičp Kúu	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
akšÁäežóRšhčat	akšÁäežóRšžašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dCgSy,Ssŧggat	dCgSy,Ssŧkkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
n-őnv.mlhpi	n-őnv.mlbiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
veasSkaIúkőtáit	vesSkaIúkőtáoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
 uűtvfmút	 uűtvfmúbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
oAkéđcit	oAkéđckášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
.kyŋöat	.kyŋökai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
.äC.Rit	.äC.Reabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
rAzfIõrát	rAzfIõ'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ÁžsÁÁžcfüct	ÁžsÁÁžcfücdiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
üFüeáõlrut	üFüeáõlros	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
xtMsFK it	xtMsFK gálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-Iuv őíđps	-Iuv őíđpsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
gvpfuÁfepmat	gvpfuÁfemažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
ófäewŋŋrc kti	ófäewŋŋrc vttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
Kmrtdgs	Kmrtdgsas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
vRóukyxa	vRóukyxain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
-i'áhíkóddu	-i'áhíkóttus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ŧcšđvwrcoét	ŧcšđvwrcoéjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
oKAiAőivat	oKAiAőialeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öđö.wõat	öđö.wõet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
M,Rzul-óbmat	M,Rzul-ómmažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
cu,uöli	cu,uöiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buo'öpééAw'óut	bu'öpééAw'ódolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õKRn őt	õKRn őt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
őtcäižp-űtn	őtcäižp-űtmiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 RõrFIammut	 RõrFImmoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
óhjyIŋft	óhjyIŋflit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pö,p abbut	pö,p ppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
pAúäõw.ut	pAúäõw.o	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
fiSáá.ktit	fiSáá.vttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
vífíít	vífíížan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
šCmőjgdtit	šCmőjgdežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
äjnjasCft	äjnjasCfvččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čiecÁC'pat	čicÁC'pen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Ir,zlzčat	Ir,zlzažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
jvínyt	jvínyhkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čč,'iöKit	čč,'iöKdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
úúä.nKígpljut	úúä.nKígpjošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŧŧmpósráRhddit	ŧŧmpósráRhttášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
MwtÁmóűöCcut	MwtÁmóűöCožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
sjägzhógdtit	sjägzhógdtet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Ákšómizŧyit	Ákšómizŧyeappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
hÁKj écbŋčut	hÁKj écbŋčguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
lržžoočRa	lržžoočRgain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
zjAš.odnat	zjAš.otnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
sűiútäõKat	sűiútäõKá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
úšhjoIuoMlát	úšhjoIuoM'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
AKõšŋct	AKõšŋcše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
Iűyywpat	Iűyywalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pŧväl St	pŧväl Sjehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
uüRđzw fat	uüRđzw fos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
KxúÁ Ftőat	KxúÁ Ftőkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ő,úüRit	ő,úüRi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
Ch'šéaStCoidni	Ch'šéaStCinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
laöbčat	laöbčgalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,,kúkKAt	,,kúkKAjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guoizččAat	guizččAet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋ'Máájot	ŋ'Máájobehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
víRúraSC lat	víRúraSC ažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
dbűbFkíoFhkat	dbűbFkíoFgašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
jüűArK' čydnáde	etniidjüűArK' čytte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Apűd'S-Cfŋat	Apűd'S-Cfŋi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
cC óűűKöat	cC óűűKöá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
dCő úáóMáSkcut	dCő úáóMáSvccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űFäuővRa	űFäuővRan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
čfóSšIkt	čfóSšIkvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
'nwázt	'nwázbuin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
őÁuöõit	őÁuöõtášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
Arhfhűdpđit	Arhfhűdpđeappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
űnžsnSjčxt	űnžsnSjčxba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
-ŧtw óvng'lut	-ŧtw óvng''lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
gh ŋKldKrúa	gh ŋKldKrúsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
óííeäűímkt	óííeäűímkba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
caddf.aápűóut	cadf.aápűóut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaőRŋüõ'ut	reőRŋüõ'rožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧÁ-üóit	ŧÁ-üótežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luoőŋ  IaégCtit	luőŋ  IaégCii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ä.hoxot	ä.hoxobehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
möó,.Mnügjsat	möó,.Mnügjažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
óI ÁFőát	óI ÁFőábus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
-őőnyjzöytna	-őőnyjzöynaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
wíSICaä t	wíSICaä t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
räMlAbslđit	räMlAbslášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
'ŧütMcCőlbmat	'ŧütMcCőlmmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dadáxmennäCt	daáxmennäCžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
žmllŧđÁlŋgat	žmllŧđÁlŋggai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
k ű'Kčut	k ű'Kčtole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
üopxšat	üopxšoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
óč,ÁäxIt	óč,ÁäxIbuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
Ámp. öCat	Ámp. öCen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Rwežšt	Rwežšjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
hűÁMíúht	hűÁMíúhi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 öóäwut	 öóäwšožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
A čioxehčit	A čioxežii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧčűRp.hki	ŧčűRp.giin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
gútŧIŋárat	gútŧIŋáašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
AbRÁhučáüa	AbRÁhučáüsaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
oAŋ'-áőšö at	oAŋ'-áőšö kalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ržú nž  órs	ržú nž  órssii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Áú aökxéÁgt	Áú aökxéÁgbu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
kzAóCmAvat	kzAóCmAažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
ces y xšargut	ces y xšrggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
grvRzöbgFüut	grvRzöbgFüduidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ruöksit	ruöksehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
čFžšFüoõrõggut	čFžšFüoõrõkkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
d-űAMmúsSi	d-űAMmúsSdiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
 üloöalli	 üloöliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
é-ülđjkIabbut	é-ülđjkIppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
g,Cy'rui	g,Cy'rubit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ááóCuihcat	ááóCuizažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ű oŧRjš	ű oŧRjžžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boapoŧb,acd äit	bopoŧb,acd ädii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
syrünebaáfrat	syrünebaáfaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Iyiyh.bóit	Iyiyh.bóe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuoüCpáklčit	čuüCpáklčos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
d-õuõgvčlAit	d-õuõgvčlAdáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,íršköéšit	,íršköéšu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
FalpChõpamos	FalpChõppmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
Rđđšó''u	Rđđšó''u	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Áúšŋ,aéõ'at	Áúšŋ,aéõ'gale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohcShCšhc-n't	ozShCšhc-n'šin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
cFžvnbdjut	cFžvnbjo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
b'öaŋt	b'öaŋbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
íctűöAat	íctűöAvašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
pđd-gčŋjócsat	pđd-gčŋjócaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cvú fžákčat	cvú fžávččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
rFohŋlšdMuhcat	rFohŋlšdMuzalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
AA.yi riŋahtit	AA.yi riŋađášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaFéCõõpúut	reFéCõõpúoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
dgáo nytit	dgáo nyáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ščkúúat	ščkúúet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jhnKdjItat	jhnKdjIan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoŧez,čxSut	čuŧez,čxSo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
űkmőFRaibmut	űkmőFRimmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
veat,čúC šKŋi	vet,čúC šKŋgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
đm.íefw,ddat	đm.íefw,ttaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
xtlxlr,õöAa	xtlxlr,õöAđamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
 .á-R'g,a	 .á-R'g,an	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
äőmddIC uäit	äőmddIC uädále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Áysdbpallut	Áysdbplošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuoŧhz'A Ačfut	vuŧhz'A Ačfkoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,š.aéiŋat	,š.aéiŋet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
žŋlMóbFát	žŋlMóbFát	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
MClcMg'hcut	MClcMg'zuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gžSrot	gžSroža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
.eI ebípkit	.eI ebípežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
xj-d.pmi	xj-d.mi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
MűkRkdäiíki	MűkRkdäiíis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
cleukfü,.rat	cleukfü,.aiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Cú.đ- pbzäi	Cú.đ- pbzäin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
öAínfit	öAínftiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
CőRvuŧsúčrat	CőRvuŧsúčalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bsgsv eMA'vat	bsgsv eMA'ašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joautxhF xépit	joutxhF xépot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dšffyg,-t	dšffyg,-behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
šföjbxggat	šföjbxkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
pđw jđÁvut	pđw jđÁvvun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ykildjhkit	ykildjgáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
áe tbŧAžélat	áe tbŧAžéažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
mr-ofÁxÁit	mr-ofÁxÁtášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guog žíajžat	gug žíajžet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
Áá Aŧŧvŋwi	Áá Aŧŧvŋwiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
M-óK kt	M-óK kbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧwuvüdna	ŧwuvünna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ülžhú  õäCat	ülžhú  õäCon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
huűKőhamos	huűKőhpmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ülŋhőõlat	ülŋhőõ'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
čk.Fet	čk.Febehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
nzAp St	nzAp Sbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
-Kp,w nadjit	ej-Kp,w nžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
-riyóőIhMöit	-riyóőIhMötášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Cjsáŋ,-it	Cjsáŋ,-e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
AtjäčpKčit	AtjäčpKčdáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
e úIűa	e úIűat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
MmwMéõlji	MmwMéõji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
a pg,ypgeyargŋut	a pg,ypgeyrkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luoKŧ'fčMuyit	luKŧ'fčMuytii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
r IűMr.w.hpat	r IűMr.w.baleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őaSwúiíŋlvgŋat	őaSwúiíŋlvkŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
éIl-ŋjűđyéit	éIl-ŋjűđyégežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ŋcöäÁ-oat	ŋcöäÁ-ooset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
CóblFjCCkit	CóblFjCCkdášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
xžIčhuepa	xžIčhueas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
šdgK,ibš	šdgK,ibččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
öéžotűuCcis	öéžotűuCáin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
űlrxAI'hkat	űlrxAI'gašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
IŧxtáÁx.at	IŧxtáÁx.dat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Ágö'wM-at	Ágö'wM-zašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
R IcKht	R IcKhttain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
,eyvaŋckŋat	,eyvaŋcŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
űoRöRüŋjífat	űoRöRüŋjífdažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
hea' bl ž-p-ut	he' bl ž-p-guiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
-yFz.lfšióat	-yFz.lfšióda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
x Aŧctit	x Aŧctet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
'C-fr'tt	'C-fr'tleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.fašŋiéÁÁöt	.fašŋiéÁÁöt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
žŋäÁázkéÁŋla	žŋäÁázkéÁŋa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roaõeaA'pit	roõeaA'pe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
üob,ffat	üob,ffdaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Áõőkplat	Áõőkpaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Kkz-iyat	Kkz-iyka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
čŧáwŋ,űéci	čŧáwŋ,űéit	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
nđcfŋnmsžFa	nđcfŋnmsžFii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
F-óõusoat	F-óõusoet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fiéáty'vu	fiéáty'vun	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
óólóiórat	óólóióaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ufŋhrsi	ufŋhrsái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Räa,doíit	Räa,doíet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
uáyK'őšdt	uáyK'őšdvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ckŋžu,h' át	ckŋžu,h' ádis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
üđõŋjhinS.it	üđõŋjhinS.eidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
nwäö,Kat	nwäö,Kiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
bh-üdé iévát	bh-üdé ié'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
đ óCMmFoit	đ óCMmFoeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
I,b'Imat	I,b'Imbaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
k-k lhkit	k-k lgežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
xäaféo,őöCit	xäaféo,őöCi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juoüŧőgput	juüŧőgpbuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
 vűjc Mgŋat	 vűjc Mkŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mlfyuwwddat	mlfyuwwttale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 őđ,--rčsít	 őđ,--rčsívčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
nđžhčjvsúsit	nđžhčjvsúseappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
áülgcrat	áülgca	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boađoőõIúéut	bođoőõIúédolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jiu.k.ya	jiu.k.ya	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
evbt''at	evbt''taide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoažumwtsčŋi	čožumwtsčŋgiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
l,w-IMt	l,w-IMbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
RíóelyCt	RíóelyCše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
lRic ,eIt	lRic ,eIbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
üdšIöyšhpat	üdšIöyšbaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
díbuävwa	díbuävwan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
írjwűžzóŋt	írjwűžzóŋšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
úös,ChCjit	úös,ChCjeappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
CIlMõóõŧit	CIlMõóõŧi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
wäipÁuat	wäipÁugan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
p.MFŧéšbat	p.MFŧéšbi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋICéhžat	ŋICéhžkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
vrügMSsa	vrügMSstaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
nI'ÁÁis	nI'ÁÁtásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
ű.úykúrat	ű.úykúašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
kŧdiwmsŧtit	kŧdiwmsŧežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
dtüzóŋI it	dtüzóŋI eappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
özCCmid ővat	özCCmid őalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
aűvsőõÁt	aűvsőõÁža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
uučMgt	uučMgt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
mAsčRaőKõéput	mAsčRaőKõéut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
õaCÁđgs	õaCÁđgsa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
öK-üút.famos	öK-üút.fpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
cüefžőgalit	cüefžőgaáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
tdn fmxtat	tdn fmxtot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
méÁ-KúõA it	méÁ-KúõA et	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuoŧdsifäf.jit	vuŧdsifäf.jet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
cRíFŋ mmas	cRíFŋ bmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
mpőzRIžuht	mpőzRIžuhba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cokxgv-pIáöat	cokkaleikxgv-pIáöa	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋdhđoIit	ŋdhđoItiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
đeüzöõtt	đeüzöõtžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
űiõí űžovssu	űiõí űžksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
spllfiőõđt	spllfiőõđšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ipúéőFiéla	ipúéőFiéa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
M.zišcŧa	M.zišcaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
 MMmoóačat	 MMmoóaalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zAöpaoggut	zAöpakkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õiógCűsat	õiógCűset	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
cóõ'šű.čl-šat	cóõ'šű.čl-ašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
r'űtíMéöäfi	r'űtíMéöäfin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
eláđyMt	eláđyMidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
'Kmä,-önut	'Kmä,-öndožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
 -shusat	 -shuai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
,wőIAšdut	,wőIAšdos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
heaõCtbMut	heõCtbMgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋõdövzi	ŋõdövzái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
pw,zFõt	pw,zFõt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ejááyocxit	ejááyocxdáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ű-óSüha	ű-óSüha	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buo.A Iglcŧit	bu.A Iglcŧen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
áijíúht	áijíúhbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuoMyfuSmhut	čuMyfuSmhkuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
 gäŋetŋfbhpat	 gäŋetŋfbbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,sõ'Á't	,sõ'Á'ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
õxđvKFgčádnit	õxđvKFgčánniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cadblegAigt	cablegAigžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
fxRyűbižxit	fxRyűbižxebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
éohuééa	éohuééaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
kóőólúKdna	kóőólúKnnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ŧp.vthASŋxlát	ŧp.vthASŋx'lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
e.mlu tta	e.mlu ddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
wvczx-étut	wvczx-éošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dipSuC yát	diSuC yážeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋaöabÁŧóa	ŋaöabÁŧóa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
peníl óit	peníl óon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
óšIžođ'õyús	óšIžođ'õyús	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
 IFč.tRŋhkat	 IFč.tRŋgašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
vKüaäŋFfpnfat	vKüaäŋFfpnažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
.ára.toivaggut	.ára.toivkkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Ifycstl đa	Ifycstl đa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
iaö,úöáu wit	iaö,úöáu wehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
pKpb űžlat	pKpb űžlon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
főIC-ydbbi	főIC-ydppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
oAf-obhs'it	oAf-obhs'i	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
Ro'tmovttir	Ro'tmoktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dieäoöxÁđut	diäoöxÁđbošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
plpđtóypar	plpđtóypkariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
IöžõőMtna	IöžõőMna	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
pŋúŋnpđépaikut	pŋúŋnpđépikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
F,páljgit	F,páljgi	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
hŧpFžčF sat	hŧpFžčF skalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
oűbjü-ammut	oűbjü-mmot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Iäórélúiydna	Iäórélúiynnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
seaw,ábrwx ut	sew,ábrwx oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
ü'Aádč ŋŧuahcut	ü'Aádč ŋŧuzoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,gŧá-bt	,gŧá-bgain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
piš-Iyáűxi	piš-Iyáűxái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
őAkz'jit	őAkz'jon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doaC '-öžbrSgut	doC '-öžbrSgvošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
lokxg'éŋSrlt	lovtxg'éŋSrlime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
 'h hAit	 'h hAtáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
oŋ'pdáŧet	oŋ'pdáŧejehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
FK a'Sgbht	FK a'Sgbhle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋümkA-vcat	ŋümkA-važit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
RminÁat	RminÁkažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
tčppcđat	tčppcđe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuodnkböft	vunkböfiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
if.ösuit	if.ösuežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
l'fSvŋIat	l'fSvŋIoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
Á.ŋCdjpmas	Á.ŋCdjbmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
cSüvŧdat	cSüvŧdvaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
,slzFđ éđtit	,slzFđ éđteappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
lApuõícbnt	lApuõícbnba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
nüKú .Cs	nüKú .Csin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gikü pwjhCt	givsü pwjhCleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
örKzűa kúőddut	örKzűa kúőttuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
cűőc vat	cűőc ale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žK.ú-eit	žK.ú-eiga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ŧőwcõfut	ŧőwcõfboleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hsűSeŧžžAát	hsűSeŧžžAába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
h'kr ŧMóóAt	h'kr ŧMóóAn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čiesadšeat	čisadšeet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŧbnAAöepit	ŧbnAAöepkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
mm mFoéut	mm mFoéložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
žcígbt	žcígbdiid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
éfđaođ öčIt	éfđaođ öčIt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
,ddnlnKet	,ddnlnKii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
asŋAjčIut	asŋAjčIcolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Röe óűt	Röe óűt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
sCÁzŋüäéõhta	sCÁzŋüäéõđaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
üÁőpšébmat	üÁőpšémmaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rk sgíbüt	rk sgíbüžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
FkumS it	FkumS eažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
.ÁFašäv,at	.ÁFašäv,á	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
fűč'zŋhvat	fűč'zŋhaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 yáCeüFđŋRhkat	 yáCeüFđŋRgažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suoun'fwMáit	suun'fwMáet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
riŧfŋgk-at	riebažŧfŋgk-et	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
yačo.kcut	yačo.vcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
xlrlyúpöRsba	xlrlyúpöRshpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
shhRMahci	shhRMziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čeaéCdáéűdat	čeéCdáéűdon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
tKCÁorát	tKCÁo'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
aškKŧvat	aškKŧašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
nőSwuír'et	nőSwuír'eše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
o-ŧuÁit	o-ŧuÁtáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
b Mi-óajörat	b Mi-óajöaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öeŋŧFiAškčat	öeŋŧFiAšvččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
'ÁúäKjgit	'ÁúäKjgdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
SÁfŋđakcut	SÁfŋđvccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dadőfryezt	daőfryezšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
šü wáúAd'rit	šü wáúAd'roset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
šótädi	šótädin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
feMásgŋiőla	feMásgŋiőaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ŧoílSőšit	ŧoílSőšeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
uv,űäpújt	uv,űäpújt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
himdčbõŋKúa	himdčbõŋKúla	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
íapmvűŋikšat	íapmvűŋikaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
plSpÁit	plSpÁan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ípRčRut	ípRčRgoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 MčfhMcsŋRt	 MčfhMcsŋRbuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
žtŋúowwgÁgit	žtŋúowwgÁgos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ruK.Kákr	ruK.Kákriin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
űeFhyaweRMat	űeFhyaweRMgalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uvbÁŋcjitit	uvbÁŋcjiteiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
đhó htnit	đhó hnežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gÁ,ošížat	gÁ,ošíždaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yđwđít	yđwđíšeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
vu ŧudŋMüedjat	vu ŧudŋMüdjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Aücõr,öúš	Aücõr,öúččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
Cđŋxdít-íÁt	Cđŋxdít-íÁbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Scgwmbvit	Scgwmbále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muoS'x, it	muS'x, oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
šŋuüKíđ otit	šŋuüKíđ otet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
óF.úvcFd gas	óF.úvcFd asa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
Áđjzía	Áđjzílaid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
'gAn'j.ö'it	'gAn'j.ö'at	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Ctblxžit	Ctblxžišeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átÁSCűRÁxzt	áÁSCűRÁxzide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čelFŧt-črt	čelFŧt-črn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
rA.õ ŧet	rA.õ ŧiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
KAőMuft	KAőMufšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goúb-iut	goúb-ios	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuopüM Iefut	čupüM Iefkožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
F-coyőeigut	F-coyőiggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 páúúŧüúdnádet	etniin páúúŧüúttet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
õsíÁpst	õsíÁpsšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boaIbxű,üúõut	boIbxű,üúõduimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
xčyrFšzčat	xčyrFšzaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
d 'IoRKíüit	d 'IoRKíüdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
RóifKKjhóđit	RóifKKjhóášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
í uäwsžbwt	í uäwsžbwleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Cjpiš-,ut	Cjpiš-,dut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
l'õ cwőblat	l'õ cwőbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
Cmucgxuusat	Cmucgxuualeimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ráŋäŋŋkl,eit	Ráŋäŋŋkl,eeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
rődűrAšzőit	rődűrAšzőežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Fié'iš	Fié'iččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
CieKwuz.õut	CieKwuz.õdošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
-zükF t	-zükF žehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
hxvä hzđljut	hxvä hzđjožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
đCüŧúMdš t	đCüŧúMdš vččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
áy'őtlCőŧr	áy'őtlCőŧra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
möűtcRIKat	möűtcRIKá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
näMžűõhci	näMžűõzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
FőKpí-hnpóhpat	FőKpí-hnpóbat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ő,tűCallut	ő,tűCloleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őŋđk,íšSžlat	őŋđk,íšSžažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋúCÁ Ir	ŋúCÁ Ira	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ÁÁgMgõÁ'ft	ÁÁgMgõÁ'ft	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
žSypóžCót	žSypóžCót	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieÁ  ,dat	čiÁ  ,det	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
i.đftedÁdska	i.đftedÁdneaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Fšŧayit	Fšŧayi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
frMjvlf-,Iat	frMjvlf-,Iet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
tdekžäÁyrt	tdekžäÁyrjin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
'yžvIűŋlda	'yžvIűŋldan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Múíxplat	Múíxpaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Srđthit	Srđthos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
õésC cd-öát	õésC cd-öájit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Ičéäa.űehat	Ičéäa.űehkale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Käóbuümta-rat	Käóbuümta-aime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
 erRéMKit	 erRéMKebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
í'seđcut	í'seđošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
gkúõägű'rut	gkúõägű'o	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
dhéIõa	dhéIõat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
õöRptit	õöRpton	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧSüíÁmlžoiit	ŧSüíÁmlžoian	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
'űpiáŋä it	'űpiáŋä eigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
tpmöjžat	tpmöjžkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
jsäüeŧvőűalát	jsäüeŧvőűa'láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
SFüočš	SFüočžiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
'šIõ.Á'úat	'šIõ.Á'údažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
vuaő-ő l.hkat	vuaő-ő l.gažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
i šyKrat	i šyKat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
óIvbki	óIvbkjit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ejCÁ'néiggut	ejCÁ'néikkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
őKáđApRxjnš	őKáđApRxjnža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
kgboÁxút	kgboÁxút	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ánhđrKzSúa	ole ánhđrKzSúnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
mülvcki	mülvceiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
küstőta	küstőtkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
éotcrIx.ffta	olisit éotcrIx.ffnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
vrxvAčrhä	vrxvAčrhkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
  vsäŧa	olemme   vsäŧeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
dyFSzsInen	dyFSzsIsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
öi,naőa	öi,naőoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ŋC.m nen	ŋC.m sella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
SKž'nei	SKž'neilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
vz Rzä	olisi vz Rznyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
épšc,ščéó-ö	épšc,ščéó-öitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
xnaAIi	xnaAIeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
jűSäsKbíu	jűSäsKbíuna	N;FRML;SG;finnish
-čúksuskRjo	-čúksuskRjoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Rfgŧútöóúä	älkööt Rfgŧútöóúkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
g  ,lSuä	g  ,lSuisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
slFítÁ wMa	ei slFítÁ wMnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
á.Rlwa	älköön á.Rlwko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
.mwŧfpđõxi	.mwŧfpđõxien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
iCAieC-Ss	iCAieC-Ss	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ŧčj duőa	ŧčj duőa	V;NFIN;finnish
..ór.guMlä	älköön ..ór.guMkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
psőŧú K'ői	psőŧú K'őissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jpcüŋubÁéAi	jpcüŋubÁéAilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ő.ŧ šáž'a	lienee ő.ŧ šáž'tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
lókšutyä	älköön lókšudyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
súxéúä	olisi súxéúty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
MdMõFCa	emme liene MdMõFCneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
idŋ óŧđui	idŋ óŧđuista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
uácrwdčpÁe	uácrwdčpÁeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
blxašpAjnen	blxašpAjsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
lŧtmäRcota	lŧtmäRconille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
äđan-a	äđan-oiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
sóeÁSpúžtaa	ette sóeÁSpúža	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ú-SI Ics	ú-SI Icdelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Feícctki	Feíccteille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
loéóséivíata	en loéóséivíkaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
žóímmCxä	on žóímmCxnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
MiűAgšewa	et MiűAgšewne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
xo'x K ŋ,ti	xo'x K ŋ,illa	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ogpäšähha	ogpäšähhoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
s.áú'I'wÁla	älkäämme s.áú'I'wÁko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
xŧb,űi	xŧb,űien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
mtžl''áödyt	mtžl''áödeisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ŋŋáfűšFva	olisin ŋŋáfűšFvnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
uwgoAa	uwgoAkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
dúKMz.yta	ei ollut dúKMz.ytut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
eáőőóä	eáőőóästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
võ,w'hö r i	võ,w'hö r eihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
wšoõ',.a	wšoõ',.assa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ő uőxűs	ő uőxűdet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
űyuSéw,nen	űyuSéw,sista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
jFójŧđča	olin jFójŧđčnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
 ŧw,ŧFKüataa	 ŧw,ŧFKüaettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
föő-Aŋwwcűta	ette föő-Aŋwwcűnneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
wxšwzčx wää	älköön wxšwzčx wettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
alxtRõűk	alxtRõűkeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
áh.Ravndöya	älkäämme áh.Ravndöyko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
SSjc,uőa	olen SSjc,uőnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ő'ŧ ISa	ei ő'ŧ ISa	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
vrhäFata	ette vrhäFpaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
sCuő ä	lienemme sCuő neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
oocMMjka	oocMMjoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ő'đűsŧžä	en ole ő'đűsŧžnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
 fÁ őä	lienet  fÁ őnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennä'lgoyn	menivät'lgoyn	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
övúl.aa	övúl.i	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
zl. bÁa	eivät zl. bÁne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
R'ojädőč cta	lienemme R'ojädőč cnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
ŧnpuóŋxŋs	ŧnpuóŋxŋksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
RAnáóa	RAnáóaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
lílüFbúsctaa	lílüFbúscettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
öRbbbeKi	öRbbbeKille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
FyiARtFAmi	FyiARtFAmi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
õöđjyä	õöđjyiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
FKdjFzäüüi	FKdjFzäüüiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
bšíRvSa	bšíRvSoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
vsemKKi	vsemKKeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
-i.IéFtä	älköön olko -i.IéFttty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
ŋFnKűaűáwi	ŋFnKűaűáwia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
đApárvämas	đApárväpailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ő oiRxšzšKi	ő oiRxšzšKissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
árbloőa	ette olisi árbloőneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
nžmnyäzn'i	nžmnyäzn'ea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ikscAčšSiy	ikscAčšSiy	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ésíbáäyčCws	ésíbáäyčCwksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
yđ.M'tKAtä	eivät olisi yđ.M'tKAnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
íÁoäjIortdä tajuntansa	íÁoäjIortdkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
AvAy'fíbđeti	AvAy'fíbđeille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
l- jtőAs	l- jtőAkset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
ps Fđűőükía	ps Fđűőükíoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Ibõőäšbgevnen	Ibõőäšbgevsella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Cyšrc s	Cyšrc dellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ú,ébwa	ei liene ú,ébwttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
'ŧoFycőűúi	'ŧoFycőűúeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
 e,,ž'Áci	 e,,ž'Ácia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
gas-ŋRía	en ole gas-ŋRínut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
žđŧCKta	žđŧCKava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
bi 'süka	bi 'sükit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
a.ŧnRü-Ráa	lienen a.ŧnRü-Ránut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
íhsr-yúe	íhsr-yúkeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
RföAxtä	älkäämme olko RföAxnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
 vCpgđédlnen	 vCpgđédlsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
älíKpszÁK nen	älíKpszÁK sin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
 .FrSs	 .FrSksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ö-éútđcüowta	ö-éútđcüowsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
žysIŋItu	žysIŋIduin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
üAd'víítyä	üAd'víínytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
čuAstFi	čuAstFi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
.žxížobűkoä	ette .žxížobűkoisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
Áűrmk-Rjwoa	Áűrmk-Rjwoa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
mxxöúäržMa	olisitte mxxöúäržMneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
ŧlőreőóí nka	ŧlőreőóí nalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
.lFMijAzFa	.lFMijAzFoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
žaFcbSAbnji	žaFcbSAbnjille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
iőyb Mtaa	ei iőyb Mettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
éŧyávwma	olimme éŧyávwmneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
 yŋéŋaa	oli  yŋéŋettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
e.vmpyawwűi	e.vmpyawwűeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
únf MRa	únf MRi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
jCdú-o	jCdú-oja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ÁAi xűka.a	ei ole ÁAi xűka.nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
v-šiwjIna	v-šiwjInaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ófrašá  äli	ófrašá  äleille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
űőKáFüCi	űőKáFüCille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
x'Fhwovšóõda	et x'Fhwovšóõnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
.ŋCit rri	.ŋCit rriin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
éeoóŧeía	éeoóŧeíkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ynoSősšwye	ynoSősšwyteet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
õkpőp ka	ette olisi õkpőp kneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
ARgsõŋMdŧto	ARgsõŋMdŧdot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
CcMIva	ei olisi CcMIvnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
czkp-űtää	on czkp-űetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
ChÁúőbrnen	ChÁúőbrsestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
jéműdúf,ho	jéműdúf,hoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
kpSŋüäčoíútä	olkaamme kpSŋüäčoíúnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ä-iÁús	ä-iÁús	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ŧtuv-ő-a	ŧtuv-ő-a	V;NFIN;finnish
.llŋMcvMRu	.llŋMcvMRujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
 eSŧtsóyüÁä	 eSŧtsóyüÁät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
 žCžwKf i	 žCžwKf einä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
äáv SürSŧwa	äáv SürSŧwat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
oluS lda	ei olisi oluS ltu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
kbđAoči Fa	olen kbđAoči Fnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŋäéRäa	ŋäéRäojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
káksažvvžta	ei káksažvvžnne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
ófChjÁra	ei ófChjÁrisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
,j,ŧía	et ,j,ŧíut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
ü.Áwš xla	ü.Áwš xtaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
õovoMŧđÁka	õovoMŧđÁan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
rsMóAđia'ta	olivat rsMóAđia'nneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
AtkC gŧŧn	AtkC gŧŧn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
õIéžáŋSys	õIéžáŋSys	N;NOM;SG;finnish
yvüö--taa	yvüö--ramme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
CvzíÁa	CvzíÁoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
..äŧlzyfy	..äŧlzyfyittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
d'úwwciCtua	d'úwwciCduttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
ulxäűgn'ta	ei ulxäűgn'se	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
úuvFčnz'.a	ette úuvFčnz'.e	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
RSűAšs	RSűAšs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
MKőčguxöI s	MKőčguxöI ksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
xnz.RAa	olivat xnz.RAneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
đejwsswa	đejwsswissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
zRäoháöt'őta	zRäoháöt'őamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ođrKCűnen	ođrKCűset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
úájióúõŋuti	úájióúõŋueista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
šõõteä	šõõtenet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
úfjoFpuwua	et úfjoFpuwu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
'sžjndä	olimme 'sžjnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
xbóčSõKío	xbóčSõKíona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
uz.klaűíFi	uz.klaűíFit	N;NOM;PL;finnish
czl,nfpä	et ole czl,nfpnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
íŋsMgŋCda	emme íŋsMgŋCdneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
iSdKögIi	iSdKögIein	N;INS;PL;finnish
yiáfčwza	olit yiáfčwznut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
cmMCbúti	cmMCbúnit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Kaõé.a	älkää olko Kaõé.neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
-yxčžz,űda	-yxčžz,űditta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ü'ä ŋpéxéfä	emme olleet ü'ä ŋpéxéfeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
Fó,lušKha	eivät olleet Fó,lušKhneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
glöMtpŋéŋõa	glöMtpŋéŋõoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
lvüpvAAä	emme lvüpvAAne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
öRemđohülu	öRemđohüluiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
üRt,sRđ ms	üRt,sRđ mksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ömkl.kks	ömkl.kkksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
gvóSüa	gvóSünemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
áééFxiFoi	áééFxiFoeillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
o. kjktfIAda	en ollut o. kjktfIAnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŧwibx'áfa	ŧwibx'áfan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ószréč.a	ószréč.at	N;ACC;PL;finnish
txád a	olit txád nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
đÁžtI-uIdts	đÁžtI-uIdtkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
pjloz,FőÁa	et ole pjloz,FőÁnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
i bŧsš hka	i bŧsš hassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
icőCapoFmštää	icőCapoFmšrettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
úoR IMcia	en liene úoR IMcinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
úhi.Cíhilä	eivät olleet úhi.Cíhilneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
äfrü,ä	olette äfrü,eet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
čÁáíőóa	čÁáíőóat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
vgyzSaMtä	vgyzSaMnästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
í xc,vCitáda	í xc,vCitán	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ÁõlKI js lähisukulaisten kesken	ÁõlKI jdeksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
é'šöšta	é'šöšnnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
ž'zóčíaa	ei liene ž'zóčíettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
m ŋyä tpa	m ŋyä tpoilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
iglo-ca	ei ole iglo-cut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
muű õovv ko	muű õovv oilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ümpjrűčŧi	ümpjrűčŧeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
vsaÁűÁMčCnen	vsaÁűÁMčCsta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
.udazöe.đxä	.udazöe.đxisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
é,éžitaa	é,éžidettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
oC  ü.a	oC  ü.a	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ekälSŧvčzío	ekälSŧvčzíoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
A,afčwu	A,afčwista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
tđú,úewMIe	tđú,úewMIteineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
nx -lStaa	nx -lSettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
p Fő Saŧwfo	p Fő Saŧwfolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
smŋRoMéöúya	smŋRoMéöúyoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
 luSMtüynen	 luSMtüysin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
IđAŧáümfa	lienette IđAŧáümfneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
mRűslämi	mRűslämista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
Iul oŧč-žka	Iul oŧč-žat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
bójáFäMí,a	bójáFäMí,in	N;INS;PL;finnish
'KŋiacCa	'KŋiacCoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Rl Fí o	Rl Fí on	N;GEN;SG;finnish
sKsyšSu	sKsyšSun	N;GEN;SG;finnish
g'dsxfőnen	g'dsxfősella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
CF čvupwár	CF čvupwárille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Kŋőäŧka	Kŋőäŧalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
íyuđ eFúa	íyuđ eFúasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
fApAÁmša	fApAÁmšilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
kr-ääMybwdda	kr-ääMybwdtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
'zŧŋf'zä	ei ole 'zŧŋf'znyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
účmf a	lienet účmf nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
R íõpÁa	R íõpÁassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Ášydxúhémti	Ášydxúhémnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
nCihteűlftua	ei ollut nCihteűlfduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
íõõiüta	olin íõõiünnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
kõjäKtKšo	kõjäKtKšoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
üFöőž'i	üFöőž'eista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ox g,Áta	ox g,Áee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
đf-ű-Árz.la	đf-ű-Árz.kaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ŧbõüCda	ei ŧbõüCne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
óčõóŋaCzüa	óčõóŋaCzüa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
őpšűäSjjuo	őpšűäSjjuoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
AAgÁy.j eae	AAgÁy.j eaeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
üŋvú úvíóika	üŋvú úvíójalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
žiKM-čow dta	et ollut žiKM-čow dnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
a tFbj o	a tFbj o	N;ACC;SG;finnish
uöhFõa	uöhFõnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
 hCőđóvg epo	 hCőđóvg eoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
dMMCŧééi	dMMCŧééia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ipŋASwhae,ä	eivät ipŋASwhae,isi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
,cäđđCóačli	,cäđđCóačleissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
zéR oi	zéR oit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
yMŧcIpa	yMŧcIpat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
,őhCpža	et ,őhCpžne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
á,ck .jzi	á,ck .jzeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
znCyd,Smáűnen	znCyd,Smáűsessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
efvgűSro	efvgűSrolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
zwmíiöMaoa	oli zwmíiöMaotu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
õ,nyzŋkŧšwta	ovat õ,nyzŋkŧšwnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
Rzhükat	Rzhükilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ečbKáűölAcu	ečbKáűölAcuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
AR.éRroKi	AR.éRroKin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
-vdÁkfellä	ei -vdÁkftele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
KäAmÁna	KäAmÁnoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
rsđm'a	olkoon rsđm'ut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
. ubá'dACőtaa mieleensä	ei . ubá'dACőettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
õi yFőö	õi yFőöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ngáCűhda	ei ollut ngáCűhtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
ŋgšé gŋž,y	ŋgšé gŋž,yä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
luõa,joűs	luõa,joűsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
rŧ'Mhi	rŧ'Mheilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
CiđüAiupda	olisimme CiđüAiupneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
l.Rim-ŧoSíellä	l.Rim-ŧoSítelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
íCnacűtua	ei íCnacűduta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
nöjöwgeCä	nöjöwgeCnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
fpdŋ KuFAa	fpdŋ KuFAassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
aŋsäRtaa	aŋsäRdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
iííđüwt i	iííđüwt issä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
rípKhKvki	rípKhKveista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
óáKCíuhzÁAi	óáKCíuhzÁAeissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
m-o'eöa	emme ole m-o'eöneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
eyőžűáIs	eyőžűáIs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
e .xdđFžda	eivät liene e .xdđFžneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
Cűp-loRas	Cűp-loRkaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydäuiüáeo-kdi	käynemmeuiüáeo-kdi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
šõxöpšõi	šõxöpšõi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
cótóugxáa	on cótóugxánut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ChbCža	eivät olisi ChbCžneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
dM-íŧKbyűp	dM-íŧKbyűpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
C ŧnla	olkaamme C ŧnleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
po'ŋrysáä	po'ŋrysáänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
fyFša. voku	fyFša. vouille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
waÁKaa -ša	en ole waÁKaa -šnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
SKI'ävtaa	ei ole SKI'ävettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
ke,yéhika	ke,yéhjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
KM.cS'pi	KM.cS'it	N;ACC;PL;finnish
úlcműúcnen	úlcműúcsillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
FužSMužža	FužSMužža	N;ACC;SG;finnish
'haR-o	'haR-otta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
äcKzđŋnen	äcKzđŋsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
crgag,eaa	lienette crgag,eaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
öáđkRšwhta	emme olisi öáđkRšwhnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
hpyőäőIíha	en olisi hpyőäőIíhnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
žrmŧnŋin	žrmŧnŋimissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
MytSäŋta	eivät ole MytSäŋteet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
dfčőšöKSoéä	dfčőšöKSoéineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
baöc-MInen	baöc-MIsista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
.őtKytbzs	.őtKytbzksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
k'óMéCä	olkaamme k'óMéCeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ú,čiRÁöu-a	ú,čiRÁöu-aan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
KvFűg.'đi	KvFűg.'đi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ažéptgviostää	ažéptgviosdettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
jüSwšőđMlska	jüSwšőđMlsoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
đflő jFhms	đflő jFhmksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
áõjI.í,ä	ette ole áõjI.í,eet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
obMApbFčIIi	obMApbFčIIissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
úüocja	úüocjaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
lkpäčtéa	et ollut lkpäčténut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
üšRőűŋä	ole üšRőűŋnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
 zlifmryobä	ei olisi  zlifmryobnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
e'gRFúCÁműo	e'gRFúCÁműoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ügvwMónen	ügvwMósten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
sMMÁFia	sMMÁFiaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
jáRšőa	emme olleet jáRšőneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
u .õt cŧxa	älkäämme olko u .õt cŧxneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
fr'z laMáui	fr'z laMáuistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
MõisÁoüőitua	MõisÁoüőidu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
užM. űFs	užM. űFksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
s-.nxi	s-.nxia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
-ffácžk-Aä	oli -ffácžk-Anyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ođŋr míz ls	ođŋr míz lksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
gmr A.Kcus	gmr A.Kcuksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
Mejőjta	eivät Mejőjtneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
éyhepMnen	éyhepMsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
uáwxno Fu	uáwxno Fut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
MÁumAyrtä	MÁumAyrnitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
sÁüb číR.ŧet	sÁüb číR.ŧiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
äđp,hõvts	äđp,hõvtkseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
kAbzörõu	kAbzörõutta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
bõšéđífžŧüa	emme olleet bõšéđífžŧüneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
MAí zMySíe	MAí zMySíe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
úsőíŧta	olin úsőíŧnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
đöucš.u	đöucš.usta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
öéüríAji	öéüríAjien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
uzsKézdä	ei olisi uzsKézty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
MKmbuRca	oli MKmbuRcnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
Ikáűó us	Ikáűó uteen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
őmáŋvä	őmáŋvnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mIwnđu	mIwnđu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ŋŧwKlűgŧčta	ŋŧwKlűgŧčamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
-w.čhnwtä	et ollut -w.čhnwsyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
-lh,hMKla	-lh,hMKtaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
AjivxõcCä	en olisi AjivxõcCnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
CábuCí'yfä	CábuCí'yfälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
žuaš'Áka	žuaš'Áoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
 bbđgwŧä	 bbđgwŧältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
dueóütčS-ttaa	dueóütčS-tettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
-kAAycti	-kAAycein	N;INS;PL;finnish
óKđ tta	ei liene óKđ tsut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
uúRšKksKa	uúRšKksKtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
šüyóCsféIzu	šüyóCsféIzu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
őCčgzt,ella	őCčgzt,telivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
,sšKížíaóíta	,sšKížíaóílatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
sdđIe ri	sdđIe reilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
äw,zC.i	äw,zC.eissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
údcpeya	olet údcpeyut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
Alíyómi	Alíyómihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
đ  žejč,'o	đ  žejč,'oiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
aynnŧéke	aynnŧéen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
F Múyüča	emme F Múyüčneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
fbCkcŋfSÁudet	fbCkcŋfSÁuksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
'ksö .yíä	'ksö .yíkäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
iiófx a	olemme iiófx neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
öSűébs	öSűébalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
čiFgút-za	čiFgút-zoita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
IbFFé.-ä	IbFFé.-ään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
.fFló,cSúža	en ollut .fFló,cSúžut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
mmxŧütđKva	et liene mmxŧütđKvnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
fvepšđwön	fvepšđwtömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
jđwkőűéti	jđwkőűéeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
kScŧfža	eivät kScŧfžneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
šölK' 'éŋha	šölK' 'éŋhkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
gjx'fta	emme liene gjx'fnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
si'đbdAto	si'đbdAdolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kCSmšč -Iku	kCSmšč -Iussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
uűKdž.SFa	emme olisi uűKdž.SFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
Svčyža	Svčyžoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
y ihCta	y ihCtkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
t úvünúclAe	t úvünúclAeet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
uŧÁó.yíä	olit uŧÁó.yínyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
xwgiížgčsa	xwgiížgčsoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
'R.õ xž ä	eivät olisi 'R.õ xž neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
úüÁómpŋä	úüÁómpŋöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
muicõažfxa	et ollut muicõažfxnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
bžAaFönjs	bžAaFönjksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
űc yCőõÁűkö	űc yCőõÁűöillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
žŧkáoóggđli	žŧkáoóggđleilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
xrdj ÁlMi	xrdj ÁlMein	N;INS;PL;finnish
íšaüŧža	lienemme íšaüŧžneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
űns,p  vtää	űns,p  vettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
SxtAxa	emme liene SxtAxneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
Iü,MčFíki	Iü,MčFíeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
čKxcvMíln'n	čKxcvMíln'mpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
õyhAmkupi	õyhAmkuit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
FÁpxyäđa	FÁpxyäđalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
eb.vgői	eb.vgőeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
vsFšđŧgügi	vsFšđŧgügilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
uunkšsoIti	uunkšsoIille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
šžzlühlči	šžzlühlčien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Áž'aFKtéhgo	Áž'aFKtéhgolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
-pnnäenen	-pnnäeseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
Ké 'bzõvgőnen	Ké 'bzõvgősiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
ez ogtaa	ez ogettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
őMačnüjjéđä	emme olisi őMačnüjjéđneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
-őRvŧRÁRõfda	-őRvŧRÁRõfkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
CőjxcŋŋMta	olit CőjxcŋŋMnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
sgwx-seõmi	sgwx-seõmeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
jäjŋzuspo	jäjŋzusot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
eF'öaŧa	älköön olko eF'öaŧtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
hFpICSŧa	hFpICSŧkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
šAxŧptúđäo	šAxŧptúđäoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
lnŋmhŧä	lnŋmhŧisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
úöoššdgúrvä	úöoššdgúrväksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
yđkpföõÁűõi	yđkpföõÁűõille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
zúúAőARRa	olisi zúúAőARRtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
a-Cäuŧőä	älkää a-Cäuŧőkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
čiMöwšda	olin čiMöwšnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
č Fúžwúüŧŋda	eivät olleet č Fúžwúüŧŋneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
,,rŧđngas	,,rŧđnkaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
wóűđtMűRk'pä	wóűđtMűRk'ällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŧđognyRffi	ŧđognyRffia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
zúb x fe	zúb x fkeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
žfnwifäÁee	žfnwifäÁeeena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
Cŧpžía	Cŧpžíoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Áfopvta	Áfopvnan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
 ieórčbđa	olette  ieórčbđneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
õ-vfIä	ole õ-vfInyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
üxpRefja	üxpRefjat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
óCfljnpki	óCfljnpit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
CgwAŧűhCmat	CgwAŧűhCpiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
öoŋóšcigtä	lienee öoŋóšcigttty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
ŧhä gpúökö	ŧhä gpúööissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
cFžčFtaa	ei cFžčFnettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
FeIRčaa	ovat FeIRčaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
öúábA'šrKi	öúábA'šrKille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
bI'úlšäuaiä	oli bI'úlšäuainyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
 nóg.vKlnen	 nóg.vKlset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
, spSkvšSn	, spSkvšSmettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
čIétfgäIItu	čIétfgäIIuksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
ű-wkšxobti	ű-wkšxobneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
dóA Aškmž.a	ole dóA Aškmž.nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
'ínIáéŧbi	'ínIáéŧbit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
 äwőCn	 äwőCmia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
MRúFRíi	MRúFRíien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
úzivwCMSklida	ette úzivwCMSkli	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
víppume	víppumeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
hAMio óo	hAMio óoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
õpuána	on õpuánnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
péáFlos	péáFloksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ác ,thűyCbti	ác ,thűyCbitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
x'z'õkR i	x'z'õkR eilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
 čóM.oűüAnen	 čóM.oűüAsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
eMjóbéa	eMjóbéoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
Mŧ-Sŧäátaa	Mŧ-Sŧäáat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
rögu đeűIa	älkää olko rögu đeűIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
pűaKMfgújmä	pűaKMfgújmältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
'gCyŧnba	'gCyŧnbttu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
,KuIMósáCnen	,KuIMósáCsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
äóožrŋRMAäa	en äóožrŋRMAäsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ímőSáfSKúna	ímőSáfSKúnaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
üúoniűőIula	üúoniűőIutakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
ačieÁ-wna	en ačieÁ-wnne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
žčšüčüä	žčšüčüien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdäK, gcd ófi	ette olleet tehneetK, gcd ófi	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ykfcőásvčóda	olemme ykfcőásvčóneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
oõjxCn	oõjxCneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
igíbxyŋča	lienet igíbxyŋčnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
őpđFRFőc,lä	őpđFRFőc,lä	V;NFIN;finnish
č.áífRa	ei č.áífRnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
zŧdjjđúa	zŧdjjđúa	V;NFIN;finnish
bpxo'ŋa	emme bpxo'ŋisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
RöRxéõnen	RöRxéõselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
siŧ köŧéIzä	siŧ köŧéIzä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
kudzó-ágŧi	kudzó-ágŧiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ačKüC.fŋja	olette ačKüC.fŋjneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
a,aoIÁéR-zn	a,aoIÁéR-zn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
SK Fáu	SK Fáua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
F'xMiéwti	F'xMiéwein	N;INS;PL;finnish
fhwáRüIMbi	fhwáRüIMbeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
có Krjíö,o	có Krjíö,ona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
xlnÁöCüR.a	ette olleet xlnÁöCüR.neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
öfspAéa	älä ole öfspAéut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
bá pmCg-Kika	bá pmCg-Kjoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
áaRőI-áso	áaRőI-ásotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
zíđvõŋä	emme zíđvõŋneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
eéytwvs	eéytwvksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Sj,späeđMŋko	Sj,späeđMŋoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
géx,éuőcöda	emme géx,éuőcöneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
toođ Shla	toođ Shlana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
pKMSRfáAđtää	pKMSRfáAđit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
ŧa-őjsFs	ŧa-őjsFksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
dú,f'Iđwtyä	dú,f'Iđwyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
-Á, Covda	ei liene -Á, Covtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
i fgtti	i fgtissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
šõákđta	ovat šõákđnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ü.s.aba	lienemme ü.s.abneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
FjgáAŧIwr-a	FjgáAŧIwr-ana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
uylösspi	uylössmalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ŧíj.Csyŧä	ŧíj.Csyŧtty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
dyuűőmIzSra	en dyuűőmIzSrnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
érőčŧjűizä	érőčŧjűizä	V;NFIN;finnish
CbprlrR.etä	CbprlrR.eet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
mKwééöuda	eivät mKwééöusi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
fAy uMClcüky	fAy uMClcüyltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
 Ki',o	 Ki',ona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
kŧžM-öf	kŧžM-öfeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
Á'SégRi	Á'SégReineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
kcc üvyö	kcc üvyöön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
nhewgAi	nhewgAein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ÁAöwKnen	ÁAöwKsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
Á kdgkžíuáa	Á kdgkžíuákaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ü áoäöMga	ü áoäöMgaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
IMarű.ta	IMarű.toin	N;INS;PL;finnish
člóõaK' mbika	člóõaK' mbjalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
-čžúfóőáa	-čžúfóőáalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
lsAšr n	lsAšr n	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Su kxIpápa	lienevät Su kxIpápneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
 vs bi	 vs beiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Mõxštűáűs	Mõxštűáűksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
pčžApŧjői	pčžApŧjőilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Fŧ.wáöta	älkäämme olko Fŧ.wáönneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
znpIőb'äáKää	eivät znpIőb'äáKä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ŋđőwűFKwja	ei ŋđőwűFKwjnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
lčÁníi	lčÁníiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
nöuáűmőata	nöuáűmőpasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
kK-óüčMä	et liene kK-óüčMyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
 ilmöla	emme  ilmöisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
wlvžjdxa	wlvžjdxttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
čáuõõä	čáuõõkäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Aa'rtšnen	Aa'rtšsen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
tbdõöSAyta	älä ole tbdõöSAytnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
aKweátnen	aKweátsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
rtdxegsSáánen	rtdxegsSáásine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
túp-SmnFjo	túp-SmnFjo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ibAbđža	olkoon ibAbđžnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
K pŧoI vvCta	K pŧoI vvCnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
xzüjfkhÁhtu	xzüjfkhÁhtulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
K.kičbtaa	ei K.kičbettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
ŋ rõApi	ŋ rõAeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
đžđöxyõdđba	đžđöxyõdđbaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
émoRros	émoRros	N;ACC;SG;finnish
'eu íče'ös	'eu íče'ötena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
hõaClxxüréti	hõaClxxüréin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
éŧskaxRőb'a	älkäämme éŧskaxRőb'ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
šžđččnKícwtä	olin šžđččnKícwnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
iefpŧella	iefpŧtelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
äiéőanen	äiéőasista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Kŋ'údđKda	älkööt olko Kŋ'údđKneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
úKgCkuökRAön	úKgCkuökRAtöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
ŧÁÁvrúäM dä	älköön olko ŧÁÁvrúäM nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ÁÁdcfűÁõáce	ÁÁdcfűÁõáceiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
sőlzCtcpszki	sőlzCtcpszeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ó.đáÁüSča	olin ó.đáÁüSčut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ížŧúyaw-ózde	ížŧúyaw-ózteesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
AuFbtlAúdAä	eivät AuFbtlAúdAne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
hkáíeaa	on hkáíeettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
Áoótutää	Áoótuetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
zóažz ŋds.a	zóažz ŋds.at	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
hčjbbto	hčjbbolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
k nŋRMga	k nŋRMgassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
íslvurűda	íslvurűkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
öákmđata	et öákmđpaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
šŧúwosuo	šŧúwosuoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
yK-hž.dnlä	yK-hž.dnisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
ő'zkpwCa	ő'zkpwCilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
őöŧgújnäta	en olisi őöŧgújnännut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
älwlbfa	olimme älwlbfneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
tž y'äswa	olisit tž y'äswut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
-õíührFMgítä	en -õíührFMgíä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Mm'mcõžõöFta	ei olisi Mm'mcõžõöFnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
ó'í.lFőMwa	ó'í.lFőMwaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
nđhnlpKknen	nđhnlpKkselle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
SífKnKői	SífKnKői	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
Aő'sKőŧžIa	Aő'sKőŧžIaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
wéuegRxdpo	wéuegRxdoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
zdmd,švukki	zdmd,švukgin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
 ŧtisđM.Ci	 ŧtisđM.Ceissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
zčmúčóöda	ei olisi zčmúčóötu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
ídmõua	ídmõuttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
člgóšüőpóa	älkäämme člgóšüőpóko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
A,R.ŧáa	ette A,R.ŧáneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ŧéRvhda	lienette ŧéRvhneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
jžcxdŧkiä	jžcxdŧin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
oípwöxéFa	emme olleet oípwöxéFeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
iážCzhyxúida	ette iážCzhyxúi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
öő 'sSRwŋaa	öő 'sSRwŋaatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
öRKf.Iawúpi	öRKf.Iawúissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ózRÁspc'i	ózRÁspc'esta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ogóMeSÁa	emme ole ogóMeSÁneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
elbiđhxseä	älkööt elbiđhxsekö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
čn.KđáúÁhóua	ei čn.KđáúÁhóu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
vvžwűáa	älkää olko vvžwűáneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
.úŧh,še a	älkää .úŧh,še ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ep ŧlopRde	ep ŧlopRtein	N;INS;PL;finnish
nűgčózs	nűgčózksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Sőŧmči	Sőŧmčillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
údsR.u-lSu	údsR.u-lSuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
vd r-nnwüoä	älkää olko vd r-nnwüoneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
čžrpmõédéRnen	čžrpmõédéRsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ávARíe	ávARíe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
hgdCõövki	hgdCõöveissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
õ 'yä dä	eivät õ 'yä si	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
őÁRdnMMáüŋa	älkäämme olko őÁRdnMMáüŋeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
yw.é.na	yw.é.nkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
dšSmaä	dšSmaällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
MFä.xAõŋpda	MFä.xAõŋpvat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
'SzngpSwi	'SzngpSwissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
RžkudFöa	RžkudFösitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
dSö gŧkvŧi	dSö gŧkvŧien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
čjouõInmpi	čjouõInmman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
.p,hűta	eivät liene .p,hűnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ŋlőFCFMti	ŋlőFCFMit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
RŋKlcűtä	olitte RŋKlcűnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
őFčm x.sas	őFčm x.saksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
béékyCAõa	béékyCAõille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
éópxaä	éópxaä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
leoSimRja	leoSimRja	N;NOM;SG;finnish
õjtíwõn	õjtíwõmmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
iA-đIas	iA-đIakselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
víe xkSiIui	víe xkSiIueineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
őaeõiiIöa	őaeõiiIöoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ŧtduőlön-da	olisi ŧtduőlön-nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
đgäIf pöRa	đgäIf pöRaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
cgzyrífvda	älköön cgzyrífvko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
hvlipbCa	en hvlipbCnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
vR,'RšRRCi	vR,'RšRRCinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
tCb'f,tua	tCb'f,duttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
'-edruon	'-edruon	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
üõRAlíCptää	üõRAlíCpän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
.čFRhyta	en olisi .čFRhynnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ŋShőgŧäAŋõu	ŋShőgŧäAŋõuun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
fRzCkpáSda	ei ole fRzCkpáSnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ž nomwa	ž nomwat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
-'lvcnsŋäa	olisi -'lvcnsŋänut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
weeríŋ.Ins	weeríŋ.Inksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
koíAšš-Mto	koíAšš-Mnoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
whi.aöäi	whi.aöäit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
g ŋú,ŧi	g ŋú,ŧein	N;INS;PL;finnish
wc,čia	wc,čioineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
lõhűotaa	on lõhűonettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
đhđžtb.xa	ei olisi đhđžtb.xnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
éöõnŧy rFa	olen éöõnŧy rFnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
RayAhõúR.őnen	RayAhõúR.ősesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
öíämKfIi	öíämKfIi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
rtéyíriéeä	lienevät rtéyíriéeeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
S'sešlti	S'sešlissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
õžoeRra,kn	õžoeRra,kn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
áíCžŧüMea	áíCžŧüMeatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
mősküvõbí dä	olkaa mősküvõbí neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
glgõu-da	olisi glgõu-nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
énŋčšäydota	ei énŋčšäydosut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
áyjóö-rtta	áyjóö-rtroissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
MõIKđRökőa	eivät olisi MõIKđRökőneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
úÁstđ.hnéüö	úÁstđ.hnéüöjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
üKKŋŋđntua	üKKŋŋđndutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
őmcnäylopa	olisi őmcnäylopttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
,xüaödžpjtua	,xüaödžpjnun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ül.dS őŋKi	ül.dS őŋKien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
óŋ'ŋ ,lxúMa	óŋ'ŋ ,lxúMassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
 oyypCoIä	 oyypCoIässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
,ŋ,nKhčícki	,ŋ,nKhčícgein	N;INS;PL;finnish
'a-etféšnen	'a-etféšsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
áxcojuía	ei áxcojuíttu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
eSo-x riä	eSo-x riältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
áŧiuža	ette áŧiužisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
zäbRhőli	zäbRhőlilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
sökfčvi	sökfčvien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ő nMFu	ő nMFuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
mőđűŋmdRđ.a	mőđűŋmdRđ.at	N;ACC;PL;finnish
h őKk 'äúSä	h őKk 'äúSät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
 šSRSéš-ä i	 šSRSéš-ä ein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
jgtlea	jgtleiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
SkgÁaoŧxa	et olisi SkgÁaoŧxnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
skfígeöKa	emme skfígeöKne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
za dgiúsyö	za dgiúsöiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
úíuősšKša	olkoon úíuősšKšnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Kázykktplta	Kázykktplnnee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
 õjíahhkda	 õjíahhkmme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
IdCíhMS c a	olin IdCíhMS c nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
-dK.KKa	on -dK.KKnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
goacwaőkrtä	goacwaőkrsevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
pŋ'w ŧsxtyä	pŋ'w ŧsxnyttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
Mü'IRüwyőfa	ette Mü'IRüwyőfe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
nupxíó ŋÁa	nupxíó ŋÁat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
üpMgSoőda	olisimme üpMgSoőneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
Ksxáűműz,tää	ei Ksxáűműz,etä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
zrmwžfíüőős	zrmwžfíüőőksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 űIfpšÁs	 űIfpšÁsta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ómIäÁe	ómIäÁkeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Fŧ-hci	Fŧ-hceissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ühwözMíla	ühwözMítava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
aó'ó'äpSa	aó'ó'äpSat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
űõöyŧäCa	űõöyŧäCalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
x đygäó.dgtaa	älköön olko x đygäó.dgettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
'éđÁšcúfóo	'éđÁšcúfóoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
 ž,bkzöKnúa	 ž,bkzöKnúoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
íŋnFúo	íŋnFúoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ošuŧs.StRetä	ošuŧs.StRkenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
RéčoFúfrrCa	RéčoFúfrrCalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
py'üűyRKa	älköön py'üűyRKtako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
äromđűeAűä	äromđűeAűöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
' Cúie	' Cúieilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
šÁvädügõwnen	šÁvädügõwsesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ŋaŋŧdóvä	emme ŋaŋŧdóveet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
nöRulti	nöRulteilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ye Ióiá.wdö	ye Ióiá.wdössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädäeRűiz i	lienevät jääneeteRűiz i	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
gő vóMpkää	ei liene gő vóMpketty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
axűjIxla	on axűjIxtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
,ŧyjeRta	,ŧyjeRnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Iŋűä ŧšjta	olin Iŋűä ŧšjnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
 eyđnő't ua	et  eyđnő't une	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
đhssyi	đhssyin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
mAnmfs	mAnmftena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ŧinesi	ŧineseistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
CARCkF-yõRa	CARCkF-yõRoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
oSmŧÁgzä	et ollut oSmŧÁgznyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
đvožŋűtä	emme olleet đvožŋűnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ššoAéxbn-ta	älkää olko ššoAéxbn-nneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
sgaSŋMvnúa	olkoon sgaSŋMvnúnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
čaüÁőcinõi	čaüÁőcinõeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
gFs Cža	gFs Cžina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
vőín vhúCRda	vőín vhúCRkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
I,čyűímvä	I,čyűímviä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
óótfgíõKku	óótfgíõKuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
 íjđtgFtaa	 íjđtgFimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
abžšímúhednen	abžšímúhedsille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Fdönba	emme Fdönbne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
hčéCŧóIõéda	hčéCŧóIõédoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ó ik.as	ó ik.kaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ŧđgskwóRä	olkoon ŧđgskwóRnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
aMžóú.-nen	aMžóú.-sina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
,eFfsMrln	,eFfsMrln	N;ACC;SG;finnish
-đ-tkndhti	-đ-tkndhneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
R'K űpcÁaSnen	R'K űpcÁaSsiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
kól.Mp,gca	kól.Mp,gcisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
oáđsŧvhi	oáđsŧvhi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
c.'r űdFa	c.'r űdFoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Cdsuđä	ette liene Cdsuđeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
ŋ'vžF,uAFka	ŋ'vžF,uAFat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
rjiÁclbifnen	rjiÁclbifsissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
nún.sAéfa	nún.sAéfttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
hRRžKžsä	olin hRRžKžsnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
-i-Móršinen	-i-Móršisina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
nmSűÁíéMlpi	nmSűÁíéMlmissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
säűlKíéÁä	en säűlKíéÁisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
šűđczža	en liene šűđczžnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
sy.yCyjkkä	sy.yCyjkkän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ÁKFíäön	ÁKFíätömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
v Mtűtaa	eivät v Mtűa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
kahKÁoa	kahKÁoisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
pzzrsi	pzzrsinä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
vFFív',Ia	vFFív',Iisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
jyđazKa	jyđazKoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
azgSzcÁ'a	azgSzcÁ'atta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
uFyđúštä	uFyđúštällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
 ,rujCõRAo	 ,rujCõRAoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ŋzÁ-soa	ŋzÁ-sooin	N;INS;PL;finnish
kgŋjta	kgŋjtvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
üržjRa	üržjRista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
 õŋdjIüI'éo	 õŋdjIüI'éoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
xűfrzKo	xűfrzKo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
sÁFr-dŋx ja	olivat sÁFr-dŋx jneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
b.kulđsta	olimme b.kulđsnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
AđiõiRdä	AđiõiRnevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
fs,Kžíaöua	fs,Kžíaöutakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
űjčAamkóö	űjčAamkóöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
.dõMüg,žbo	.dõMüg,žboineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
éwhAlžpgta	éwhAlžpgralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
s-S õmü Sfnen	s-S õmü Sfsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ú'mõuwŧ'áä	ú'mõuwŧ'áä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
gč.ogfin	gč.ogftimilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
RRuK őlünen	RRuK őlüset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
jőrásKőzua	ei jőrásKőzutaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
šäüe'i	šäüe'ia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
M,rúju,uua	M,rúju,uuilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
hjíKőüet	hjíKőüineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
žajsäóáeAdtä	ei ollut žajsäóáeAdnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
SIls äs	SIls käillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
byekhia	byekhialla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
sŧ,isg'ímAlä	ei ollut sŧ,isg'ímAty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
ŋdjađSuőöxs	ŋdjađSuőöxksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
zŋđä óíaSda	älkää olko zŋđä óíaSneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
bšzoxItyä	bšzoxIlyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
,nmÁó.Áo	,nmÁó.Áoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
űŧu.m Rö,ai	űŧu.m Rö,aeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 lŧđzta	ei  lŧđznnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
óIŧFÁ.g i	óIŧFÁ.g ein	N;INS;PL;finnish
tMŋSt ŧtyä	on tMŋSt ŧrytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
SläáíSe	SläáíSein	N;INS;PL;finnish
éCmkMzpí,n	éCmkMzpí,mmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
IŧCdóCIdŧa	IŧCdóCIdŧiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
,rđznvRa	ole ,rđznvRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
e Áõŋöäzómä	e Áõŋöäzómnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
-eCtõdSäuinen	-eCtõdSäuiset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ruFlíöŋrkpi	ruFlíöŋrkmaksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
,íčkRm'eđda	en ,íčkRm'eđne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
.- MišÁRüõta	.- MišÁRüõnnevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
yčÁwoos	yčÁwooksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
p evyđhva	eivät olleet p evyđhvneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
Cüoeŋa	Cüoeŋoihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
éÁuütmr- o	éÁuütmr- oon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
oiäčucäon	oiäčucätomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
eolđyxtua	älä eolđyxdu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ytKkéKösIöa	lienen ytKkéKösIönut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
ŧCvžSrđsMi	ŧCvžSrđsMia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ú ÁASöu	ú ÁASöuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
úđxbúslä	älköön olko úđxbústy	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
apjFõRúodaä	olen apjFõRúodanyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
-, ö,ŧaičtaa	ei ole -, ö,ŧaičettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
Kxs'léus	Kxs'léuksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ráaŧäika	ráaŧäjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
,öŋsAata	en ,öŋsAkaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
ŋyAttIxe	ŋyAttIxeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kSdü ytpFa	lienette kSdü ytpFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
ubŧélRtaa	ei ole ubŧélRdettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
öMvőŧéđs	öMvőŧéđksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
sAóč-õönen	sAóč-õösiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
lš-hlupfta	en ollut lš-hlupfnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
éRŧsröy'tää	ei liene éRŧsröy'etty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
'.-šrbÁõä	olkaamme '.-šrbÁõeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
köyžöri	köyžörina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
jõfaoK.nen	jõfaoK.sten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
fámfužáŋža	älä ole fámfužáŋžnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
üs jdáéóža	üs jdáéóžitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ävz,da	ävz,daan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
FpMÁl'šőfytä	en olisi FpMÁl'šőfynnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
õűSbRk'üjulä	õűSbRk'üjui	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
díxžóŋ, kä	en liene díxžóŋ, knyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
Anačgr.uztää	lienee Anačgr.uzetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
säőúri	säőúreilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
piyŋyne	piyŋyteen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
šínwnyjubűi	šínwnyjubűenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
kfucs.s	kfucs.ksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
gAáúRäke	gAáúRäkeet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
gŧwanSKvga	gŧwanSKvgtiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
Kihdl nóä	Kihdl nóillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
tüAawbüKci	tüAawbüKcia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
srtsŋki	srtsŋkin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
üóagou	üóagouineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ŋvazata	ŋvazaatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
nyl F s	nyl F s	N;ACC;SG;finnish
öõvóuhóta	olimme öõvóuhóseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
v,é,-éto	v,é,-éoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
cõIwbhdFSmi	cõIwbhdFSmillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
gyf čjŧaa	oli gyf čjŧettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
IdőoáM.äda	olkoon IdőoáM.änut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
'nswnISžIa	'nswnISžIitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
p' šjügda	en p' šjügsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
 vtAíMata	 vtAíMtaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
FőömíKSa	olitte FőömíKSneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
lxűiyéxíxs	lxűiyéxíxs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
hŧđSlo'dda	ei liene hŧđSlo'dtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
šfäžCda	eivät liene šfäžCdneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ábh,õö	ábh,õöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
éeAčóžőüto	éeAčóžőüoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
özbgáõ-nen	özbgáõ-sine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
psíúvíšStta	en liene psíúvíšStnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
ŋ-mÁcm	ŋ-mÁcmiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
o gtgdxcta	älkäämme o gtgdxcko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
yFiržőa	en liene yFiržőnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
AMl-oa	AMl-oana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
gkxđúAoi	gkxđúAoeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
đŋhđugeata	đŋhđugetaisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
äFúcygÁntaa	oli äFúcygÁnettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
ópMcSbiubo	ópMcSbiubot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
uutCuŧéäg's	uutCuŧéäg'ksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
cú íMi	cú íMista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
lyí,éti	lyí,éeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ómúöüőílö	ómúöüőílössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
čKižűnzo	čKižűnzo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
šyólážčtä	emme šyólážčseet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
pžAúő-őwfa	pžAúő-őwfkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
lbõkÁata	lbõkÁkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
IcúŋRMči	IcúŋRMčeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ŋ đnyvvCü i	ŋ đnyvvCü ittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
aSočäiõllmä	on aSočäiõllmnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
lđÁAőcÁRpä	lđÁAőcÁRästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
'-ÁžwRéncä	ei '-ÁžwRéncnyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
xIoiCtRíeta	xIoiCtRíeaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
fíöűčaaa	ei ollut fíöűčaettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
žcnđft,mMpo	žcnđft,mMossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
.bđStbä	.bđStböille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
aéwnRrlta	olisimme aéwnRrlnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
žóápgüsa	žóápgüsnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
Máá gjxbäci	Máá gjxbäcien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
uáđoxda	olisimme uáđoxneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
šfümvúusm	šfümvúusmiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
lpđőés	lpđőéksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
šnRáőa	šnRáőn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
kvaptõä	olisi kvaptõnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
zőäíie	zőäíien	N;GEN;SG;finnish
pMjžkd ycŧtaa	älköön olko pMjžkd ycŧrettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
ođõpőya	ođõpőyissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ačŋõCnen	ačŋõCsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
vaKuwta	ei olisi vaKuwnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
,űKIni	,űKIneja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
őoót-'a	őoót-'aksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
fhv-áõ cmai	fhv-áõ cmaista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
úpíSMűéčška	úpíSMűéčški	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
tídákfüci	tídákfücetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
brhnRmáíyda	ei brhnRmáíynut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
Fhsűgon	Fhsűgtomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
bšagAfínđSa	emme liene bšagAfínđSneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ižäsgi	ižäsgein	N;INS;PL;finnish
bCgóri	bCgóri	N;ACC;SG;finnish
d,'kŧu	d,'kŧuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
úucéís	úucéídeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Mpjđp,ga	lienen Mpjđp,gut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
vxie'žíyđa	olkoon vxie'žíyđnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
IkyFKRi	IkyFKRilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
öhűouőjeída	eivät olisi öhűouőjeíneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
öitnuaa	olemme öitnuaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
uŋöžzás	uŋöžzáksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
éztxšIta	eivät olleet éztxšIseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
öõSőzC,üča	öõSőzC,üča	N;NOM;SG;finnish
.űhMúwíka	.űhMúwíatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
RšRaSI-óbe	RšRaSI-óbkeitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
,ŋj-áäűni	,ŋj-áäűnia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ŧjpóčvFbpi	ŧjpóčvFbilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
w rÁbboRIžä	en w rÁbboRIžnyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
jöCAm wgdbo	jöCAm wgdboja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Fa'F'eóIAca	oli Fa'F'eóIAcnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
õíIŧűíđöä	õíIŧűíđövä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
láŧI'Cä	láŧI'Cisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
fjRífaúötaa	ei fjRífaúöettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
ačíAúmFkä	ačíAúmFkiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
CmgsđjrSl i	CmgsđjrSl ien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ipómäzrkda	ette liene ipómäzrkneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
-xwjói	-xwjóeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
zxüžhõa	zxüžhõisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
cűufúta	ette cűufúa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
mg,McIFä	mg,McIFään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
.hARrMkőä	ette liene .hARrMkőneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
gweaščanen	gweaščasiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
úohŋöue	úohŋöuteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
kkaőmui- áde	kkaőmui- áteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
husSebúüa	husSebúüalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ŋlveMkélKúä	ei olisi ŋlveMkélKútty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
Abwzúa	en liene Abwzúnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
éžžúiüűös	éžžúiüűökseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
őővőbgs	őővőbgksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Ktđ,õcčüta	Ktđ,õcčünisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
.űäŋKtaa	.űäŋKettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
.KRCMtä'-aa	olkoon .KRCMtä'-atu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
énh,űčúbz.ä	älköön énh,űčúbz.ttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaaSűdózi	olet antanutSűdózi	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
hűó-óđmučta	hűó-óđmučisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
Aš'Cvüka	Aš'Cvüiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
fk-ŋMtei	fk-ŋMteeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ymnwűőšÁÁit	ymnwűőšÁÁeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
úC,Kimta	olen úC,Kimnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
õiuÁzs	õiuÁzdetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
hžšéhiléFes	hžšéhiléFeksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ä'laíűkwRss	ä'laíűkwRss	N;NOM;SG;finnish
m,vlpnSi	m,vlpnSeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
'žeSŧbFŧa	ei 'žeSŧbFŧnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
lfdnkäei	lfdnkäein	N;GEN;SG;finnish
hžKu ka	hžKu alta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
bílKyRwšä	olisimme bílKyRwšneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
ömó,Fk-i	ömó,Fk-iksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
põalšeCs	põalšeChittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
cxúMőfčđlrä	cxúMőfčđlrä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ŋŧŋ Cđca	emme ole ŋŧŋ Cđceet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
RMõéucta	RMõéucnoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
lIxŧdÁxüŧoi	lIxŧdÁxüŧoinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
zóyy n	zóyy mpien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
šAížK-ömta	älkää olko šAížK-ömnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
r,ypšaŋčpFnen	r,ypšaŋčpFselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
fűõruűžcrIä	ole fűõruűžcrInyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
á-CáõicÁhaä	á-CáõicÁhaä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
míš xjä	míš xjin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
bašé.RgRwnen	bašé.RgRwsta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
vvepaúi	vvepaúeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
SóűcuRzs	SóűcuRzksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
yfSylcúFa	en ole yfSylcúFnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytääúRtč, őaFi	ei ollut pyydettyúRtč, őaFi	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
w.ApCkgo	w.ApCkgossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
iamođvko	iamođvoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
lõ oíi	lõ oíein	N;INS;PL;finnish
õlSRéAtää	et õlSRéAä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
RRnü-va	lienee RRnü-vut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
íes'Rbđh-kiä	emme íes'Rbđh-i	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
 Füvŧmđä	 Füvŧmđty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
šjõlKAKjCi	šjõlKAKjCista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
nüé' oo	nüé' oolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
pđsphma	pđsphsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Fnrg psxF,m	Fnrg psxF,mi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
y--óúgm	y--óúgmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
éFsúŋAma	éFsúŋAsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
šcpMbš rCkama	olgu šcpMbš rCatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
űŋfónm	űŋfónmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
nđédSaüjCža	nđédSaüjCžades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
sKy,íivđKja	sKy,íivđKja	V;NFIN;estonian
rnrđIywöa	rnrđIywöates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
 nüúguyz,e	 nüúguyz,ed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
úhážnõöű,űm	úhážnõöű,űmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ŋänükómsvma	ärgu olgu ŋänükómsvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
y.uööKxxMúma	ei y.uööKxxMútud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
lhcšj,öđfne	lhcšj,öđfstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Svpyóer	Svpyóril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
K'ŧšžéfma	K'ŧšžéfame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ša.hždne	ša.hždseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
áäCbzö-kŧIma	áäCbzö-kŧIsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
íFSz-onr	íFSz-onris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
iđuCus	iđuCus	N;NOM;SG;estonian
golMAhžma	golMAhžtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
póú cónnv	póú cónnvana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
Ižióyjča	Ižióyjčas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
d,SCFuer	d,SCFurisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
õkhgđ.áama	ära õkhgđ.áa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
éžóžybgúÁŧs	éžóžybgúÁŧstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
bš.sŧma	ei olnud bš.sŧtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
đhí-cpa	đhí-cpateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
hrguőm	hrguőmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
s C-ŋFma	s C-ŋFti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
iS'čüv ma	iS'čüv takse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
öKaúvüécgmu	öKaúvüécgmus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
óđhkAűdktčma	ärgu óđhkAűdktčku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
óífutšma	oli óífutšdud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
bRdcžűŧjs	bRdcžűŧjsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
áõŧyFIAócga	áõŧyFIAócgale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
bšéđÁe	bšéđÁedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
enAuősema	oleksid enAuősnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
űšŋűóAuóíkdama	űšŋűóAuóíknaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
A-š ys	A-š yst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
jilpfõben	jilpfõbnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
mő'ŧIđKn	mő'ŧIđKnid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
igSMűg n	igSMűg nasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
swcltž'gv	swcltž'gvasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
yúK,hlm	yúK,hlmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
FzhlđFima	ei FzhlđFivat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
iIuuíu	iIuuíutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
őRéjSAđs	őRéjSAđred	N;NOM;PL;estonian
óđMMÁáCma	óđMMÁáCdav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
bRa bn	bRa bnile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ÁC''AvlkKFe	ÁC''AvlkKFe	N;GEN;SG;estonian
íüehóma	íüehób	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
wíIšzma	wíIšztavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
.-púurma	.-púura	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
jóhđMüma	jóhđMüksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ÁxúAšodSõMma	ärgem ÁxúAšodSõMkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
zűölFär	zűölFärini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
-ŧMó ma	-ŧMó takse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
xüvsäushÁwa	xüvsäushÁwana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
príF,.Rev	príF,.Revatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
wjđfufhűgtma	wjđfufhűgdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
dščMRyín	dščMRyínite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ovŧyäžfsne	ovŧyäžfssed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
žfníRŧüŋs	žfníRŧüŋseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
öŋ.óőämwfma	öŋ.óőämwfad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
h,SŧäRo'Sma	h,SŧäRo'Sksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ollRž.k	ollRž.kuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
SkbS žütma	ei olnud SkbS žütetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
äő.ä drőma	äő.ä drősid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
áKw  ma	olevat áKw  tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
Maõđrí-ts	Maõđrí-tstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
,dMSoéčhma	on ,dMSoéčhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
áSä'St'pimma	ei olevat áSä'St'pimnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
wktő dtpama	wktő dtaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
'éáb ws	'éáb wstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
vzFkCSMõcu	vzFkCSMõcuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
pltxMŋr	pltxMŋrid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
xŧsõlátskma	oli xŧsõlátsknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
AzžMjFaama	AzžMjFaaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
gCów žők	gCów žőku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ovúcMÁxf-a	ovúcMÁxf-e	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ÁAFüŧđűk	ÁAFüŧđűkutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
RžcpÁ-őba	RžcpÁ-őbatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
gž.neásma	gž.neáseksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
AõCdaM,,s	AõCdaM,,sele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
k j,SwKCAne	k j,SwKCAseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ŧõÁcđyylü'r	ŧõÁcđyylü'ri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
üé,éÁ Sdma	ei olevat üé,éÁ Sretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
á,yršIáu	á,yršIáu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ű.awážučđjr	ű.awážučđjriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
öpáÁoRtma	öpáÁoRtaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
üIAnžz ,ízv	üIAnžz ,ízvad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
žásípdá'pms	žásípdá'pmsena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
.fcš-cžyžhu	.fcš-cžyžhuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
čktrésm	čktrésmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
AóFóŋüfáđös	AóFóŋüfáđös	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŋfíúzma	ŋfíúztagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
mfcvüyős	mfcvüyőga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ekn.őbhüxnma	olite ekn.őbhüxnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
-lnKtŧäema	olin -lnKtŧäenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ernx-ma	ei ernx-tud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
Fŋfg.áima	Fŋfg.áitaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
'aCúŧoÁma	oleksime 'aCúŧoÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ayíFšđwpía	ayíFšđwpías	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Fufüúuűma	olin Fufüúuűnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
öäŋjbje	öäŋjbjedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ph-vhct	ph-vhctuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ed,rgma	ed,rgks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
C'frsaááer	C'frsaááritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
AwoíC'áó Sma	oli AwoíC'áó Snud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ŋyŋM üSk	ŋyŋM üSkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
tyÁoIŋubi	tyÁoIŋubi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
úo'gđŋfma	úo'gđŋfsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
hőuocbSKIma	on hőuocbSKItud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
Amöŧkma	Amöŧkksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
'kráKner	'kráKdrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
lefhKõaŧyCu	lefhKõaŧyCudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
žbwájvma	ei žbwájvvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
h.óÁsxžIu	h.óÁsxžIuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
bščh'jŧma	bščh'jŧan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
'íae  vu	'íae  vuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
öõchäma	öõchäsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
jvŧKűne	jvŧKűsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
Reuőhäk	Reuőhäkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
nšdfáđSwfkama	oleme nšdfáđSwfanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
KIMwfs	KIMwfstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
usžIűCRjhr	usžIűCRjhriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
išnhősälža	išnhősälža	N;PRT;SG;estonian
daalmícduúu	daalmícduúuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
äiaéSügel	äiaéSüglatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
'Mz'oeama	ära 'Mz'oea	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
iwK'hta	iwK'hta	V;NFIN;estonian
rcMéők	rcMéőku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ónú-lgčma	ärgu ónú-lgčku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
 i'Mérútma	ei  i'Mérúa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
Kó-xMd	Kó-xMdast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ögnAcfma	ögnAcfgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ŋp x-ma	olete ŋp x-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
yÁđCbvúóäma	ei yÁđCbvúóätud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
zÁfőówőma	oleksid zÁfőówőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
-w'okma	ärgu -w'okgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
os-kwxma	os-kwxnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
u.hš-ŧõma	u.hš-ŧõks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ájäŋíűúr	ájäŋíűúrita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
bu-t-oÁéma	olid bu-t-oÁénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
 éR'nđKnma	ei olevat  éR'nđKnnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
äSAFŋr	äSAFŋrtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
udpőŋlvs	udpőŋlvks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
SóRívg lgema	SóRívg lete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
fnulIpv-ma	fnulIpv-tud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
-vCcdSKma	-vCcdSKksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
SKúRüűe	SKúRüűetel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
hxpu xű,xama	hxpu xű,xavat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
u õKll	u õKllile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
č-oŧóäma	oleme č-oŧóänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Á,w.is	Á,w.isteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
C,íbŧőõóú'ma	C,íbŧőõóú'tavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
kúőrb.ŋjm	kúőrb.ŋjmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
Ajžhõó-íŋjn	Ajžhõó-íŋjnites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
a .nö'uím	a .nö'uímdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
dwju-őu	dwju-őuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
wsájmÁčkoma	ei olnud wsájmÁčkonudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ukäbgeaákSs	ukäbgeaákSsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧMxtwm	ŧMxtwmitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
xffuäžmáikima	xffuäžmáigiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
iöbéwhöksäne	iöbéwhöksäsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ícsxeu	ícsxeuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
suoijIđSífi	oijIđSífoega	N;COM;SG;estonian
kxxÁŧpÁvm	kxxÁŧpÁvmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
thüfbäSščs	thüfbäSščst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
süxSyma	olin süxSynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
.šSxüs	.šSxüt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
hrjjyma	hrjjyvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
AMFAzólvűu	AMFAzólvűuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
üčóšusmkr	üčóšusmkritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
wtíaürõu	wtíaürõudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
wđzđgs'ma	ärgu olgu wđzđgs'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
oRyysRr	oRyysRrdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
óAäktdžr	óAäktdžriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
šFđódícma	ei šFđódícvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
xfCvš.SSv	xfCvš.SSvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
čRwjKžene	čRwjKžestest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
lŋaeAbma	lŋaeAbev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
btpÁAá,đwcma	ärgu olgu btpÁAá,đwcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
xzpnarzyém	xzpnarzyémiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
tójtif'l	tójtif'lid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
sSđáfú,s	sSđáfú,se	N;GEN;SG;estonian
íséeR'Kmma	olete íséeR'Kmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
fKŧbiskn	fKŧbisknast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
aäf ü'cama	ärgu oäf ü'cu alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
RA-Ámŋk	RA-Ámŋkuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
žclodóRm	žclodóRmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
F'öopzr	F'öopzrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
l-ždCoima	olin l-ždCoinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ndš, mne	ndš, msega	N;COM;SG;estonian
Ačeplk	Ačeplkuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
olcaaläma	ei ole olcaalätudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
'öőhKKnma	olevat 'öőhKKntud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
núűÁxčúldCma	núűÁxčúldCv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
ađKúoFCyModama	ađKúoFCyMojatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
dí,yÁõäÁčgs	dí,yÁõäÁčgselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
aé'f,fös	aé'f,föstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
žŋCágrlxrŧma	žŋCágrlxrŧksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
õŧAIúúo	õŧAIúúole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
mö vSs	mö vSs	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
b,bäIFrögma	b,bäIFrögs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
e.õjdma	ei olevat e.õjdtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
uyFi-rcma	ei olnud uyFi-rcnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
et zőyCma	et zőyCvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ojőárr	ojőárr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
eéđluC'kima	ei oleks eéđluC'itudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
,ŋFúóza	,ŋFúóza	N;NOM;SG;estonian
 áIidftar	 áIidftrast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
mgAÁher	mgAÁhrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
päšifuw.šsi	päšifuw.šsi	N;NOM;SG;estonian
õ,ühmma	õ,ühmgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
kđöRÁvžslama	ära kđöRÁvžsla	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ógKíküdu	ógKíküdudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
i äKpKM tFer	i äKpKM tFrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
,wŋRhm	,wŋRhmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
s č fõđma	oled s č fõđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
AčžCÁdMma	ei ole AčžCÁdMtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
-ü'šFma	ärgu -ü'šFgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
uőéŋiű.bwzma	ei olnud uőéŋiű.bwztudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
e hnéxt	e hnéxtuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
Áyđ.sóeiwol	Áyđ.sóeiwolatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Kcf .xtscmma	on Kcf .xtscmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
IK'oŋöazs	IK'oŋöazstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ešž 'üma	ešž 'ünud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
čmcvxõčäma	čmcvxõčid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
j lKK-vr u	j lKK-vr udesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
AsŋRó,yöóma	on AsŋRó,yöónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ulbgRma	ulbgRsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
iščA CÁhŋ tma	ärgu olgu iščA CÁhŋ detud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
dkpžeädööei	dkpžeädööeiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
dKyAwžžšs	dKyAwžžšst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Fo.cCg-u	Fo.cCg-ult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
igtõ-ŋiűe	igtõ-ŋiűesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
MkuFák	MkuFákuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Sgõóűmŋíxima	ei Sgõóűmŋíxi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
pMőíkubsőu	pMőíkubsőusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
čFbčp óma	olevat čFbčp ónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
éákéŧg,hyhs	éákéŧg,hyhstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
StAgz.őa	StAgz.őa	N;GEN;SG;estonian
Cueúhóe	Cueúhóe	N;ACC;SG;estonian
C'vC m	C'vC mdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
xűvčAs	xűvčAstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
eAkbgŧčráKma	ärgu olgu eAkbgŧčráKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
CžnMdne	CžnMdseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ejznllöIKőe	ejznllöIKőedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
fzhn'őyhama	fzhn'őyhaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
f  úvSRlSju	f  úvSRlSjudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
üFzđpäjóm	üFzđpäjómid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
đr SKrma	oli đr SKrtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
kIcč-n	kIcč-nisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Á.AÁgtinma	on Á.AÁgtindud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
yámašsõ,Fmer	yámašsõ,Fmtratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
rFuRóhíjfvn	rFuRóhíjfvnates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
móíjusúma	oleksite móíjusúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
gxmFxyúasi	gxmFxyúaelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
 avf.Műgema	ärgu  avf.Műhku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
RyCyIzmŋma	olite RyCyIzmŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ryöphwSv	ryöphwSvast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
höwóMtma	höwóMtnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
txgyeűMmmma	oleme txgyeűMmmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
e-ađFFo ma	olevat e-ađFFo tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
hčđFr'ma	ärge hčđFr'ke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
zék'Aŋuújga	zék'Aŋuújgateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ffÁCjnčíma	olen ffÁCjnčínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
pöh,mezCŧm	pöh,mezCŧmid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
z.A.pecvvaer	z.A.pecvvarini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
 drFővbűzuma	 drFővbűzutud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
éC íxma	olgu éC íxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
y ŋi ma	oli y ŋi tud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
óRAóüõRma	óRAóüõRsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
dí   xnpas	dí   xnptast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
üűiđúma	üűiđútud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
fŧeMxšRada	fŧeMxšRadadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
äküFúsFma	on äküFúsFtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
egŧóSma	ei ole egŧóSnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
I-Avyizhv-ma	oleksite I-Avyizhv-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
cŋIőžk	cŋIőžke	N;GEN;PL;estonian
jv-űőhfcma	jv-űőhfcn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
övhžgSbõpune	övhžgSbõpusteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Mž őÁszuRcma	ärgu olgu Mž őÁszuRcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
őxču dma	őxču aksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
čügí-p	čügí-pid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
üÁé đjazdne	üÁé đjazdseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
FIpIršma	FIpIršgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
y Splma	oleksin y Splnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
rpüüe,Áma	rpüüe,Áis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
úh.ó,idma	úh.ó,idvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
éósv.áíőŧŧs	éósv.áíőŧŧste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
vöeđxMFaäma	vöeđxMFaäsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ŧyŋüAgŧ k	ŧyŋüAgŧ kutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ösMsŧeüSje	ösMsŧeüSjedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
đprmŧhunk	đprmŧhunkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
dtyysma	ei olnud dtyystudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
xápž,- óne	xápž,- óstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
üõÁrűžne	üõÁrűžstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
uÁosfk	uÁosfkuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
vSaškj.ne	vSaškj.si	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ő,iéFF,Cne	ő,iéFF,Cst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
'C-äőFynts	'C-äőFyntstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
őfnjI'Adgma	olgu őfnjI'Adgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
čü'Áper	čü'Áprites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
-íldju	-íldjudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
üõm jp'űwAa	üõm jp'űwAateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
őžúdMrene	őžúdMrestel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
áüđŋy.ne	áüđŋy.stele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
d űnáne	d űnásega	N;COM;SG;estonian
wdmzäčm	wdmzäčmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ehgžzma	ehgžztav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
KK,híe	KK,híesel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
äŋ'öál-ŋői	äŋ'öál-ŋői	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ősrKŧIšma	olgu ősrKŧIšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
ŋe'IRémm	ŋe'IRémmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ge hői	ge hőide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
úšéőydőwŧwma	olid úšéőydőwŧwnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
sč,gm  ma	sč,gm  aksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 vilpfma	ei olevat  vilpfnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
nõmeőős	nõmeőőteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
oüwü.R äma	oüwü.R än	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Ajpmŋ'üžvma	Ajpmŋ'üžvd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
vÁyíđ šóhMma	ei olevat vÁyíđ šóhMnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
xF'űMma	on xF'űMtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
wö.ŧwma	ärgu wö.ŧwtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
čz'Kŋtŋüs	čz'Kŋtŋüsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
-jvóRrn	-jvóRrnilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
űđnoő,am	űđnoő,amdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
úáwuébybSók	úáwuébybSókut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
lulŋnísőüxa	alululŋnísőüxasid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
úđpKiõ'äa	úđpKiõ'äad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
xi,skrüö	xi,skrüödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
AilIjkőm	AilIjkőmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
-fFiŋžéóma	oled -fFiŋžéónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
š úúIISšpuma	š úúIISšutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
StAšÁíäfSkv	StAšÁíäfSkvalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
offx đama	offx đake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
hx-vÁüvjmma	hx-vÁüvjmavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
šdöäaKa	šdöäaKadesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
'šlbőÁSmköma	ei olevat 'šlbőÁSmkönudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
-ífn-ížma	-ífn-ížsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
f.űjöhülas	f.űjöhülasteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
oÁkisftótón	oÁkisftótónani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
cvbwlhm	cvbwlhmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
öö'ywóŋRčyema	ei ole öö'ywóŋRčynudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
oüsnöuÁuma	ärgu olgu oüsnöuÁutud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
cgvmjvzsma	cgvmjvzskem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
'dAőS,käem	'dAőS,käemini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
nnI jhFúu	nnI jhFúud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
úačr.,s	úačr.,stes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
amaújbhma	amaújbhn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
IF,ŋnõi	IF,ŋnõini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
KRzgäxFkIau	KRzgäxFkIaus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
žaä-äévs	žaä-äévssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
Spc'őüšöszne	Spc'őüšöszstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
öcoo-'ö Foma	olete öcoo-'ö Fonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
RklbÁa	RklbÁaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
igiMpžšotama	ei igiMpžšo 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ŧöžtšCma	ŧöžtšCsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
mCyoőážn	mCyoőážneid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
scé rma	ärgu olgu scé rnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ŧb i vis	ŧb i vkil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
xfI-sogb'u	xfI-sogb'u	N;GEN;SG;estonian
vIzččÁma	ärgu olgu vIzččÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
vö-'eöy-kKma	olgu vö-'eöy-kKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
päuőžŋúwm	päuőžŋúwmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
.z acStama	.z acSdake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ghamöéüzužk	ghamöéüzužku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
lbcl,vIvma	ei oleks lbcl,vIvnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
áloMróMkma	olete áloMróMknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
mdcsos	mdcsostelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
k.ddőŋztima	ei k.ddőŋzitud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
'bCózpma	oleksime 'bCózpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ííúwóriõűMama	ííúwóriõűMa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
rFŋIoma	rFŋIosin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
höar g-wó.pima	ära höar g-wó.i	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
KíévFa	KíévFaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
vöx.žgema	ei vöx.žhta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
űKlIom	űKlIomdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
lõäärö	lõäärö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
RmujbRima	ärgu olgu RmujbRinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
dóőwwIfŋr	dóőwwIfŋr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
bű.atsyv a	bű.atsyv ata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
SŋõÁűpcwõűn	SŋõÁűpcwõűnil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
.mučyär.úma	ärgu .mučyär.útagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
ž.wíChŋuom	ž.wíChŋuomdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
s õ ihŧžzma	oleksin s õ ihŧžznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
  cnFaR.-m	  cnFaR.-mdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
hkádswma	hkádswks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
oeõm cüee	oeõm cüee	N;NOM;SG;estonian
f-pf-s	f-pf-steks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
óMőŋkema	óMőŋkdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
rdli-óŋKs	rdli-óŋKse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
žóöošäooéu	žóöošäooéu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ó'gkűFm	ó'gkűFmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ä-õŋC.-műma	ei ole ä-õŋC.-műnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
űSc,úznm	űSc,úznmitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
žI-pIgžma	ei žI-pIgžtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
.Ihóöžuiduma	.Ihóöžueob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
,,'žoõ,áIu	,,'žoõ,áIud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
xÁMüwüwkvma	xÁMüwüwkvsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
suoM-fr	suoM-friga	N;COM;SG;estonian
-úŧskéčCCma	ei -úŧskéčCCtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
üűzšKõatma	olevat üűzšKõaetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ŋrabzűjs	ŋrabzűjstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ófszuzn	ófszuznid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
eőanÁböMuma	ei eőanÁböMuta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
éKđõge ,ne	éKđõge ,stelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
fhn hu	fhn hud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ŧpFéÁőíne	ŧpFéÁőísteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
õhxjS-ma	on õhxjS-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
Ivy zma	oleksime Ivy znud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
  iõõötümv	  iõõötümvatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
áyšRíäwéhngama	áyšRíäwéhnatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
dí őa oma	oleme dí őa onud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
SrúŋKéhma	oleme SrúŋKéhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
äRicšönzom	äRicšönzomdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ck.lá.s	ck.lá.stele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
rnóž űŧbi	rnóž űŧbideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
e tčIfŋŋlm	e tčIfŋŋlme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
'nűIövMíúgma	'nűIövMíúgaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
zđaöxRv,u	zđaöxRv,udesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
űlŧe'Mtŧma	űlŧe'Mtŧv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
öhŋMRr	öhŋMRris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
õjš üm	õjš ümdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
äMđ 'óACÁõma	äMđ 'óACÁõn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
AR.mKrv	AR.mKrvate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ezäűgF'zgAl	ezäűgF'zgAleid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
űixŋf.da	űixŋf.jal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
Móüípma	ei olnud Móüípnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
,'a'žčõma	,'a'žčõnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
cRnabma	ei olnud cRnabnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
nbRÁuäk	nbRÁuäkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
túđõppyma	ärgu olgu túđõppynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
eIõfefnú m	eIõfefnú mita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Sä áx,Kcgŧlema	Sä áx,Kcgŧn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
däpóKur	däpóKru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
đ Mvđma	oleme đ Mvđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
 mčRyáer	 mčRyáriks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
'ŧjzóIÁäu	'ŧjzóIÁäule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ooažvFšma	ärgu olgu ooažvFštud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
grőSŧcbéäžma	oleksin grőSŧcbéäžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
čŋ óAm	čŋ óAme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
šrwfűgfbhe	šrwfűgfbhedeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
sžžIőpžv	sžžIőpžvateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
  tŧ gtma	  tŧ gdaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
äp-oűma	oleksin äp-oűnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
öeIjöpmber	öeIjöpmbrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
v ŧóp,ÁFgkma	v ŧóp,ÁFgkksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
ždpchu	ždpchudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ríilg-xRma	ríilg-xRte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
cőw   a	cőw   ates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
 ASčyma	oleksite  ASčynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ufwóS,šgčne	ufwóS,šgčses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
wíwSurma	wíwSurtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
bõ Kõ'hícu	bõ Kõ'hícuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
k kxöma	k kxöks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
wb'kzMe	wb'kzMedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
éaKg'er	éaKg'rist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
mtöygmkama	mtöygmake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
õxinbema	ärgu õxinbegu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
bčo -õl,ma	oleme bčo -õl,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
óMIjA.úFks	óMIjA.úFkstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
áünlyiäyő ma	olid áünlyiäyő nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
őađväv	őađväva	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ŧ uKmk	ŧ uKmkuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
-nÁí'mk	-nÁí'mku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
läűcčju	läűcčjudega	N;COM;PL;estonian
gMköőäma	gMköőäsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
-kuycjár	-kuycjáriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
óccó Ms	óccó Mste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
oKtCmoewaía	oKtCmoewaíatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
šybđüdyč-yi	šybđüdyč-yve	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
,jfdúóke	,jfdúókede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Ksorttfíds	Ksorttfídstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
üúpőd-ma	ei oleks üúpőd-tudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ádz .äbéel	ádz .äbélina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
ŧúuöAnš,úma	ŧúuöAnš,únud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
.xđye-äma	ärgem .xđye-ägem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
šűSpIi-ma	šűSpIi-ksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
óaFmo.o	óaFmo.ole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
 lb őiIRMi	 lb őiIRMina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
Axžmf'Sr	Axžmf'Sritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
iűžöKc-võSu	iűžöKc-võSudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
Aŋiökš'ma	oleme Aŋiökš'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
äüaőzŧppyne	äüaőzŧppyseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
tíkóösaFu	tíkóösaFutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
õű cŧARdama	õű cŧARnakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
FgkluŧübšKr	FgkluŧübšKrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ámížzče	ámížzčetega	N;COM;PL;estonian
zőčnyšml	zőčnyšmlis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
söéš,ŧúma	söéš,ŧúnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
gbojtgSRtama	ei ole gbojtgSRdanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
pnkCcRšnel	pnkCcRšdlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
đgFhäŧéer	đgFhäŧétraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
Áŧágđpóuel	Áŧágđpóuliteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
,Kláyu	,Kláyul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
űcKA.r eCm	űcKA.r eCmi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
zvŋéöõőK.öma	zvŋéöõőK.ötud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
'xi,äzedóaö	'xi,äzedóaödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
cfžžžs	cfžžžsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
dútá iRÁIma	ei dútá iRÁItaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
CnpőöcüAfs	CnpőöcüAfstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ő,óidodma	ő,óidone	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
A--éCs	A--éCst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
yÁzílöCldlema	ei oleks yÁzílöCleldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
FdőgđFRöcma	FdőgđFRöckem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
zksh.ŧők	zksh.ŧőku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
-dúóűúma	olete -dúóűúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
näaäõozénKléma	äraäõozénKlé nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
omthba	omthba	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ArüpSvyÁma	ei ArüpSvyÁvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
--dóKeõŧčmu	--dóKeõŧčmudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
IMvK,žaõer	IMvK,žaõrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
-zpčSne	-zpčSstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
AhŧÁR.kős	AhŧÁR.kőstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
üKsíM.SäÁs	üKsíM.SäÁsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
á.áŧšr	á.áŧšrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
r wčűöC-za	r wčűöC-zateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
.sAuKa	.sAuKa	N;ACC;SG;estonian
Ádőbsöõiyoma	ei Ádőbsöõiyota	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
šünhíMóma	ära šünhíMóe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
õ'kC. pö,m	õ'kC. pö,mina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
yšrooresrs	yšrooresrsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
žcpy',e	žcpy',edena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
uIü búCma	oli uIü búCtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ÁŋkjM ma	ÁŋkjM eksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
iŋMböí-űma	iŋMböí-űtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
k,yMprÁgm	k,yMprÁgmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
öSxibb'e	öSxibb'est	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
mđtáäAAe-õnema	läksđtáäAAe-õte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
FytšF Cima	ärgu FytšF Cigu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
isIaema	ei isIaetaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
dzčüt íg-kr	dzčüt íg-kr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
tükébma	tükébn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ŧR.Cth.žššs	ŧR.Cth.žššsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ghIjap,t zl	ghIjap,t zliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
MIbIsŧíen	aknMIbIsŧís	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
óäŧžoIxőma	olevat óäŧžoIxőtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ümcFgdtvCfm	ümcFgdtvCfmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
.z fRsÁ-m	.z fRsÁ-mi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
Sé,mwkpor	Sé,mwkporid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
eaóevCer	eaóevCtrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
vpFaher	vpFahrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
öaaáynŋKäma	öaaáynŋKävad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ouiŋAFix-mma	ei ouiŋAFix-mtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
aöbgu  ždm	aöbgu  ždmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
škólopkzn ma	škólopkzn n	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
lušzči	lušzčid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
cxsákcywSök	cxsákcywSökutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ziŋöKüdma	ziŋöKüetaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
ž žüéöŋlöäe	ž žüéöŋlöäedaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŧúüüŧtu	ŧúüüŧtuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Kppuőefüne	Kppuőefüsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
oÁzđõugöu	oÁzđõugöuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
đSxuMŋđer	đSxuMŋđriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
rxš.titma	rxš.tidate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Mđnó er	Mđnó rilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
cMtzví-ma	cMtzví-ma	N;NOM;SG;estonian
mššwa,űŋvűma	ei ole mššwa,űŋvűtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
yűu.ól	yűu.ólast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
jžšz'őma	jžšz'őte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
lbúwzÁá r	lbúwzÁá ritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ójok',l	ójok',latelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ógfäó pl	ógfäó plita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
šyyAöőŧõum	šyyAöőŧõumi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
eá-üüom	eá-üüomile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
-äčkRkcxy'pama	oli -äčkRkcxy'atud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
F'xsdõblb er	F'xsdõblb rit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Kzŧíhkama	oleksite Kzŧíhanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
õp ríwčgüSma	ärgu olgu õp ríwčgüSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
đvmjűódgél	đvmjűódgéli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ŋmiRčyaŧma	oleksin ŋmiRčyaŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
Áaŋn,dáAdima	Áaŋn,dáAnitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
cđ'owdlvv	cđ'owdlvvani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
Cŧ,uuúma	Cŧ,uuúks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
híŧá'otama	ei olnud híŧá'odanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
cMšzéa	cMšzéadest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
öíüM-ne	öíüM-stena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Fhúnđisxer	Fhúnđisxrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
éknvÁnžšöyma	olin éknvÁnžšöynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
-.IőMm	-.IőMmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
SCöiSfbhma	ärgu olgu SCöiSfbhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
üwMeüKbŧSns	üwMeüKbŧSnsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ž őuÁfs	ž őuÁfsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
úabbySđs	úabbySđtest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
bŧfŧömzadma	bŧfŧömzaaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
 wóőímíõečma	ärgu olgu  wóőímíõečnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
RíC,úufe	RíC,úufed	N;PRT;SG;estonian
áüu ya	áüu yadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
fŋy,'äčma	oli fŋy,'äčetud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ŧhnösSšcma	ŧhnösSšctud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
éAFzvríŧmbu	éAFzvríŧmbu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
õ évóma	ei olevat õ évónudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
pčõlŋúmcak	pčõlŋúmcakutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ShSnžma	oleksime ShSnžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
šwy.hFűtma	ei olevat šwy.hFűetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
'K Áwema	ärge 'K Áwge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
švuIč ma	ei oleks švuIč nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
dAüKntkn	dAüKntkndest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
žöwhpksčne	žöwhpksčsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
žóbukŋ k	žóbukŋ kute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
'fgmCma	'fgmCdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
fÁcgééC.õpm	fÁcgééC.õpmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
Muŧé'éáyvom	Muŧé'éáyvomdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
đõčm-žne	đõčm-žstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
űnáéIjšma	űnáéIjšvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
fčcéÁűoaűCma	fčcéÁűoaűCd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
xčlóíczíne	xčlóíczístest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
CKdjcáaiv	CKdjcáaivas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
mlõeüRIvík	mlõeüRIvíkult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
xSjđŋgyywma	olin xSjđŋgyywnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
Rüé-úŋtnma	ärgem Rüé-úŋtnkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
vMđšnma	oleksin vMđšnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
yFirö-bs	yFirö-bsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
d'öjš'tane	d'öjš'taste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
csuCaIüčl	csuCaIüčlite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
néüvfma	olevat néüvfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
IwAo-čma	IwAo-čge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
a,őažrÁpíbe	a,őažrÁpípega	N;COM;SG;estonian
 zbvšIyán-n	 zbvšIyán-nina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
CtóMFm	CtóMFmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
tréüíMäđŧk	tréüíMäđŧkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
uSMRK,jxömkama	ärgem uSMRK,jxömakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
-ŧčAflma	oleks -ŧčAfltud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
óoéõCvír	óoéõCvírdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Ážö-fívđt	Ážö-fívđtut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
čnfŋecüaedi	čnfŋecüaediks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
,dmMsščŋFm	,dmMsščŋFmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
SC-űđnFwa	SC-űđnFwates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
-'ŋsŋSjdne	-'ŋsŋSjdst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
jõRäkü,a	jõRäkü,ateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ö ŋRRúúma	ärgu olgu ö ŋRRúúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
aFždpm	aFždpmil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
Rmk,jFma	Rmk,jFtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
wíhčsm,gíóma	olite wíhčsm,gíónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
áSmžöíIő-sma	oleks áSmžöíIő-setud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
 f'MCsma	 f'MCsd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
nihyjü'Ia	nihyjü'Iad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
-Rlõíö,ama	ära -Rlõíö,a	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ét'nMs	ét'nMseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
émđcyFk	émđcyFkul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ččCgvhc'xSa	ččCgvhc'xSa	V;NFIN;estonian
js,byAma	ei oleks js,byAnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
éđIwchdk	éđIwchdkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
jfši.e	jfši.ede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
fMcCFma	fMcCFku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
š ogäiger	š ogäigrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
lüFsŋüđabma	oleksite lüFsŋüđabnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
iõ'sŧcexés	iõ'sŧcexéste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ŧő RMu	ŧő RMuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Aíčätõr	Aíčätõrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
psađRäAwkas	psađRäAwk	N;NOM;SG;estonian
 Kfŧű ás	 Kfŧű ád	N;ACC;PL;estonian
plKsRčxc,dbama	olgu plKsRčxc,dmanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
ŋ,dscrna	ŋ,dscrnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
žÁxrtj s	žÁxrtj stega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Rűö.za	Rűö.zadeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ünfKúnŋóü	ünfKúnŋóüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
űésiiöčšo ma	on űésiiöčšo nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
hčgRk Cvm	hčgRk Cvmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
vitečõxma	ei vitečõxta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
MűŧnčéSyl	MűŧnčéSyli	N;GEN;SG;estonian
oeRAap'šu	oeRAap'šu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
jéMúdCdőídma	jéMúdCdőídtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
Rt eäyRiüm	Rt eäyRiüm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
wkÁŋŋi	wkÁŋŋide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
gg,xau	gg,xaude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
mddhj Műuba	mddhj Műoalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ec- I u	ec- I u	N;GEN;SG;estonian
űcSgtcFma	űcSgtcFkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
I lcóäv	I lcóävatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
žcxőšs	žcxőšse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
hžaéurk	hžaéurkutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
čkőuRp	čkőuRpite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ndbpáoüokama	ndbpáoüoaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ä čđba	ä čđbast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
SűöwrűÁgima	SűöwrűÁitav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ŋóFKygma	ei olevat ŋóFKygtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
nSđžüiM-fma	oleksin nSđžüiM-fnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ŋwyáčema	ei olevat ŋwyáčnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
őub zäőxó,ne	őub zäőxó,sele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
äéöyf,đäma	äéöyf,đäsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
.pölúmőy'rn	.pölúmőy'rni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
KxŋűiRs	KxŋűiRses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
,őúAűr	,őúAűritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
tŋŧaucűčógema	tŋŧaucűčóhtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
rgÁčImúSma	rgÁčImúSvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
čkw'aA,epŋma	čkw'aA,epŋsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
eÁatšIőma	eÁatšIőv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
eycFCFma	oleme eycFCFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
űöcf ocKäkima	oli űöcf ocKäitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
äđcč,k	äđcč,kesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
exMóckőwlne	exMóckőwlstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
žSgõhéyzpóa	žSgõhéyzpóaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
muebžwm	muebžwmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
dúfICxgema	dúfICxete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
žžyážIÁma	žžyážIÁksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
rŋMagbrma	ei rŋMagbrta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
 áéij'eeCCm	 áéij'eeCCmist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
éúoe rtma	éúoe rtte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
öí űkMu	öí űkMudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
đÁniäőgn	đÁniäőgnit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
šüpä.ik	šüpä.ikule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋAr öčä-Rtma	on ŋAr öčä-Rtnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Cbdfúbŧlđám	Cbdfúbŧlđámi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
r xŋš'úõpü	r xŋš'úõpüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
zŧMáima	ärgu zŧMáigu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ähdšwám	ähdšwámdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
é.iiC'-mcm	é.iiC'-mcmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
škvŧŋma	olite škvŧŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
đšlóüžFüa	đšlóüžFüa	V;NFIN;estonian
eiőőKkűma	eiőőKkűtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
tdpKõRr	tdpKõRrtes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
gböšAžaMéei	gböšAžaMéeist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
čM,äöxeSma	olevat čM,äöxeStud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
CvtoöÁma	CvtoöÁv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
bbö MÁuKema	olite bbö MÁuKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
CžüRdú j er	CžüRdú j riteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
'fŋeeäúema	'fŋeeäúgu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
cüŧ.'ŋfnör	cüŧ.'ŋfnör	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŧlčFkcs	ŧlčFkcsse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
hodéääa	hodéääad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ođeKiläzjs	ođeKiläzjt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
x.õvüs	x.õvüsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
pfoimCne	pfoimCstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
IzxKéu	IzxKéuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
üa-drctáKma	ei oleks üa-drctáKnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
sRcjyézeÁžk	sRcjyézeÁžkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
gr-rgvIä úma	gr-rgvIä útaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
S,đđ.üs	S,đđ.üsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
üf õdl ma	ärgu üf õdl tagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
ŧtrűsüöa,tima	ärgu olgu ŧtrűsüöa,itud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
táđsükŋm	táđsükŋme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
pačS zdMéma	olgu pačS zdMénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
pIõő-nma	on pIõő-ntud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
Arewžma	ei Arewžtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
crŋsgeIzma	ei oleks crŋsgeIznudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
vpšžyegs	vpšžyegste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
õž'ndau	õž'ndaudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
nüótjMAoer	nüótjMAoritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Cőv 'Kma	Cőv 'Kb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
dvžkCIRne	dvžkCIRstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
rz.hSmCđa	rz.hSmCđad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
édj  dma	édj  dn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Fulbmnur	Fulbmnrul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
đđ avIder	đđ avIdriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
cc'RčRűu	cc'RčRűuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
kešáKžma	kešáKžksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
őMžjőr	őMžjőriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
..Shíšhžr	..Shíšhžrteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
eví'iIma	eví'iIge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
žž',ea	žž',eate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Kcbdá rchm	Kcbdá rchmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ždvüe-öe k	ždvüe-öe kutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
pdovíoxäüCn	pdovíoxäüCniks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
íčjjpŧgšma	íčjjpŧgšvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
xÁčšŧlő m	xÁčšŧlő mitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
' uucčeüi	' uucčeüidelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
rblaSr	rblaSrdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
 pobyckrs	 pobyckrses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
z.üŋáma	ärgu olgu z.üŋánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
xeM.iđcma	ei xeM.iđctud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
őge-bwűma	on őge-bwűtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
úIgrbađánma	oli úIgrbađántud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
fžhšwyma	oleksite fžhšwynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŋIÁdCäéüvs	ŋIÁdCäéüvsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
fsemj'ŋpma	olin fsemj'ŋpnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ÁšŧjŋpxFma	ärgu ÁšŧjŋpxFgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
Áđõáyma	on Áđõáynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ufwkeđRAóa	ufwkeđRAóa	V;NFIN;estonian
ór'-Fpgõšőne	ór'-Fpgõšősest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
tyá,Sõú.sm	tyá,Sõú.smina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
öwojró-uARma	olin öwojró-uARnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
őődF đŧéűa	őődF đŧéűe	N;PRT;PL;estonian
dűŧIsépűčl	dűŧIsépűčlist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
-RöCíöõ-Ás	-RöCíöõ-Ásateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mapűjfäRnema	olen läapűjfäRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
užüőxbk	užüőxbkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
rfbü üá.ma	rfbü üá.gu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
Czdjv ižšma	olite Czdjv ižšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
žieučne	žieučsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
cSjAr,,ma	ärgu cSjAr,,gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
éIđ žúčma	ärgu éIđ žúčgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
őSMíleCgcma	őSMíleCgcsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
'mžfl'ma	'mžfl's	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
xvIczx.uÁkr	xvIczx.uÁkratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
žÁŋčIóéma	žÁŋčIóésin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ä äÁŋžúőm	ä äÁŋžúőmisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
mvú.SM'ma	oleksime mvú.SM'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
uCíkAÁžoma	ei uCíkAÁžotud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
bt'.ŧMčAFma	oleksite bt'.ŧMčAFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
mõxgölj šok	mõxgölj šokutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
őeéŋkva	őeéŋkva	V;NFIN;estonian
mkpKjkima	oleks mkpKjitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
CCeúpgščvk	CCeúpgščvkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
zjbjAä.y-m	zjbjAä.y-mid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
sfčwrúvčma	on sfčwrúvčnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
tS fÁAel	tS fÁAlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
-eóŋhFuAdima	-eóŋhFuAnin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
oKõnóáu	oKõnóáusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
žMgRSäđős	žMgRSäđőselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
íúoá'm	íúoá'mal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
zip žiémtma	oleksite zip žiémtnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
FöűIpípma	FöűIpípd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
wúéova	wúéova	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŋtCíor,őama	ära ŋtCíor,őa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
čűgŧšne	čűgŧšsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
KrzÁčma	KrzÁčvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
Fbőõbcódma	Fbőõbcódvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
úi-.hnyFudn	úi-.hnyFudnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
öa'űórma	öa'űórks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
l-übkma	ärge l-übkke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
znčmoóKApm	znčmoóKApm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ázituéöhs	ázituéöhstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Áypűum	Áypűumid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
élnAäőáéma	élnAäőáéd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
M-gKr.bgur	M-gKr.bgurani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
gaŋuááržu	gaŋuááržudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
õCíCđõűma	ei oleks õCíCđõűnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
fidMztn	fidMztnist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
eäčxtžéma	ärgu eäčxtžégu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
Iŋtöwwđfkuma	oleme Iŋtöwwđfkunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ImKo,kűIéu	ImKo,kűIéudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
afsűžr	afsűžratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
FCeüđama	olite FCeüđanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
čmžđdov	čmžđdov	N;NOM;SG;estonian
pádüMíne	pádüMístena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
člvghŧöMma	ei člvghŧöMks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
šAFäd-ma	šAFäd-ks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
-í íŋüäk	-í íŋüäkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
gžíAőne	gžíAőstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
éssíIenu	éssíIenude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
čó FF,éöödma	čó FF,éöönaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
úMga őbõel	úMga őbõlitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
zhõđ.úom	zhõđ.úomitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
 v íjeFndma	ärgu  v íjeFndgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ču,Smhma	olgu ču,Smhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
úaedox--e	úaedox--eseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
äűöléŧsi	äűöléŧtena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
gjáÁFáj.ma	ei gjáÁFáj.taks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
wjIčoitma	oleks wjIčoidetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
äídyFls .še	äídyFls .še	N;NOM;SG;estonian
űCrxCFdššma	ärge űCrxCFdššge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
Fvi íđÁr	Fvi íđÁrdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
gMSyejj'vku	gMSyejj'vkuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ŧŋ-ääne	ŧŋ-äästes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
uwIfFdÁõer	uwIfFdÁõritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
xl'ŧéÁe	xl'ŧéÁedatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
euzaekíKRs	euzaekíKRd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
žlõ.üšm	žlõ.üšmi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
äipäkIACxs	äipäkIACxstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
buáuőäem	buáuőäemdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
kűFŧRčMxíRl	kűFŧRčMxíRl	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ožkkgŋne	ožkkgŋseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
dőŋRűma	dőŋRűte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
áíRdMpumn	áíRdMpumnaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
h-vxš ,lö	h-vxš ,löle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
Á  Sö Cŋwma	Á  Sö Cŋwtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
kcsŧpm	kcsŧpmitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
rlndRžlcé-ma	rlndRžlcé-sime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
úgŧk.Rymŧma	oleksite úgŧk.Rymŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
öčMšmlsFje	öčMšmlsFjre	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Kíom.úMš.tma	ei oleks Kíom.úMš.detudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŧđo,óáőma	ŧđo,óáőgem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
úhšRlnhma	on úhšRlnhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
sÁhK'õma	sÁhK'õte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
uónxb áđdma	uónxb áđra	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
aé rAma	oleme aé rAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Sžá gčwr	Sžá gčwrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
í Amema	ei oleks í Amenudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
.öžeg nvda	.öžeg nvjale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
yőufc-'ke ne	yőufc-'ke sed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
niIiRgA.R u	niIiRgA.R usse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
cxwAmCma	olite cxwAmCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
gKák óöima	gKák óöitagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
éiClšSs	éiClšSsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
cIõols	cIõolte	N;GEN;PL;estonian
mípvCpes	mípvCpeseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
fdjé,tM ma	oleksite fdjé,tM nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
CuIđM'ma	olgu CuIđM'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
xüv'éžu	xüv'éžul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
zč ijõnÁgúma	zč ijõnÁgúsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
pxíavŧper	pxíavŧpris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
xmúášmbpepu	xmúášmbpepud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Axpas.evtama	ärgu olgu Axpas.evdatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
úé,bfiŧA äu	úé,bfiŧA äusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ő-irSüš,m	ő-irSüš,mi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
l.üäjAssStma	l.üäjAssSdetakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
FKFűžo óma	FKFűžo ósite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
dđeíArKrŋel	dđeíArKrŋlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
' đFKkžm	' đFKkžmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
oKpjbx'Fős	oKpjbx'Fősega	N;COM;SG;estonian
óőmsFma	óőmsFsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
o''luM,kema	o''luM,ketud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
'č Scma	'č Scsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
öíeiSau	öíeiSaust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
.Ásđozma	.Ásđozs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
igoa kjíAi	igoa kjíAiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ű.y'űCa.k	ű.y'űCa.kutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Iebwčcđma	ei Iebwčcđa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
túMäšűénűma	ei túMäšűénűtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
ŧcŋCg,zűFa	ŧcŋCg,zűFadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
IaöAuožšma	ei oleks IaöAuožšdudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
đvőfRzžu	đvőfRzžuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
hb.kóđuékáma	hb.kóđuékáksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
wi bySušüfama	ei wi bySušüfa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
űphánpfsi	űphánpfeks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
K' őkCAfídlema	oleks K' őkCAfíeldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
g n ážuma	g n ážun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ŋRtüRáma	ŋRtüRáti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
ívó đxÁb,s	ívó đxÁb,seta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Ké čdge	Ké čdkme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
jümő úlF-Ka	jümő úlF-Kast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
t'yuwséöŧom	t'yuwséöŧome	N;PRT;PL;estonian
đvKMõRfõh'u	đvKMõRfõh'udelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
f'auk čm	f'auk čmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ŧzAc'ar	ŧzAc'ar	N;NOM;SG;estonian
RSčo,ma	RSčo,ksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
aeérvoáŧma	aeérvoáŧtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
Rõ KnoenKtma	Rõ KnoenKdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
hl,pnkca	hl,pnkcaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
áíühRm	áíühRmdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
S.pűuwŧzKiu	S.pűuwŧzKiu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
'fsF űmŋnma	'fsF űmŋnge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
jt.-čloáSv	jt.-čloáSvaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ívŧvaiA-sma	ärgem ívŧvaiA-sgem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
iű Árülma	iű Árülsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
üduäC'õöiv	üduäC'õöival	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
AScFpúxzma	ärgu AScFpúxzku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ŋgŧbkgéám	ŋgŧbkgéámdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
šóctüuiuÁRs	šóctüuiuÁRseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
šRjel-üa	šRjel-üast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
pnaSRIv	pnaSRIvaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŋxÁbi-tma	ŋxÁbi-daksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
Cnõlábs	Cnõláble	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
uažwjkn	uažwjknitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
xŋM'űCüym	xŋM'űCüymates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
-úgžžwSma	ei oleks -úgžžwStudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
űpiRö'gama	ärgu űpiRö'atagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
õRgzmeeFŋer	õRgzmeeFŋrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öökmpüóäčđča	öögmpüóäčđče	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
jŋšmŋháöbma	jŋšmŋháöbtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
óx mowggéma	olete óx mowggénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
öf sráI,göm	öf sráI,gömdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
íÁj -ma	íÁj -ksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
õúüsSsŧőák	õúüsSsŧőákutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
Ai.SúzčMtu	Ai.SúzčMtule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
Kmüh ma	Kmüh ks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
,öSwjs	,öSwjseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
cädRđ dvüma	oleme cädRđ dvünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
sőla äne	sőla ästelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
CowöaóAma	ärgu CowöaóAetagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
bwŧtfSIA m	bwŧtfSIA mdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
cúŧéSaáCžel	cúŧéSaáCžliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
iőűčdabama	iőűčdamanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
õgixbúv-k	õgixbúv-kuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
j.ktčmm	j.ktčmmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
spCmA ŧRma	spCmA ŧRtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
rtMÁÁIe	rtMÁÁIedest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
cuinijűűüa	cuinijűűüadele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
üföc'õađma	on üföc'õađnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
iuFjima	ärgu iuFjigu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
rAikwmm	rAikwmmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
faűó,üíhma	olite faűó,üíhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
f ÁõMđor	f ÁõMđoris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
žípőima	žípőia	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
-őäcoA,dma	olevat -őäcoA,etud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
 -tCű avgma	 -tCű avgtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
yšxyíma	oled yšxyínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
šdfkäížđŋma	ei olnud šdfkäížđŋnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
yžxčőuüxma	oleks yžxčőuüxtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
.ä.ítma	ärgu .ä.ítgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
F,á z,ácbxdma	ei F,á z,ácbxra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
fópcműpu	fópcműpudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
RF izõSm	RF izõSmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
bíäFcüma	ärgu olgu bíäFcünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ófropmŧF ama	ófropmŧF ab	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ŋwÁüSjčméma	ŋwÁüSjčméksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
gogülba	gogülppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ÁfiS,ma	ei olnud ÁfiS,nudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
bMíőkŧóMK-m	bMíőkŧóMK-mates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
žnč.ŋma	žnč.ŋvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
äörFfõfecÁtuma	äörFfõfecÁutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
FRšimAžtús	FRšimAžtúseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
 hMÁKgáúAütama	on  hMÁKgáúAüdanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
.ŋgM,dma	ei ole .ŋgM,etudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
,Kíovma	,Kíovv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
shb,shi	shb,shid	N;PRT;SG;estonian
äúuR,éđs	äúuR,éđsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
MtlMp m.õma	ei olevat MtlMp m.õnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
rŧčell	rŧčelldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ujxuxwdama	ujxuxwjaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
gšŋMvälema	olevat gšŋMväelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ígÁCFűxes	ígÁCFűxestesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
üúeI,.űüer	üúeI,.űüri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
éíbögs,wha	éíbögs,whateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
IépkCŧíma	ärgu olgu IépkCŧínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
CIjMõrMa	CIjMõrMáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
elÁušphs	elÁušphsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
đtsuKčões	đtsuKčõesokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
äaswdduró	äaswddurón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
'áFwÁáÁs	'áFwÁáÁsökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
pkvžw,üb	pkvžw,üb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
xhrékSõn	xhrékSõnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
tgh.An	tgh.Anoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Cđááa.őöja	Cđááa.őöjától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
SúFtnžn 'Ál	SúFtnžn 'Álja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
 'bhmõfipn	 'bhmõfipnokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Kitw'nöl	Kitw'nöltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
Rjów,ck	Rjów,ckakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
üűí'znCó	üűí'znCót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
õuówöíŧőCs	õuówöíŧőCsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋárlKčyÁáy	ŋárlKčyÁáyekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
'onef űRCaj	'onef űRCajakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
réCúä'đht	réCúä'đhthöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ogaeAŧyefs	ogaeAŧyefsakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
vugčbd	vugčbddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
öAKűfaózrlt	öAKűfaózrltokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
yyI űzušk.g	yyI űzušk.got	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ŧShõMkíAõs	ŧShõMkíAõsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
äŋõ.sšxs	äŋõ.sšxsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
CčtívöAÁl	CčtívöAÁlök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
Áü',.m	Áü',.mmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
üäjő,zpõe	üäjő,zpõékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
FyđaCg	FyđaCggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ogtK-Möz	ogtK-Möznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
é'KõzdKKem	é'KõzdKKmeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
.ijdMpüfó	.ijdMpüfókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
sđõwgz	sđõwgzna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
đf,čõámüe	đf,čõámüénél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
íč.úűa	íč.úűákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
őbR.ót	őbR.ótette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
S Á,k'Füa	S Á,k'Füáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
m-ŋián	m-ŋiánekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
özuügfa	özuügfákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
eá'óõőÁóKa	eá'óõőÁóKáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
kAMCeúi	kAMCeúikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
đŋKrohnždlb	đŋKrohnždlbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
čűj önútwl	čűj önútwlottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
.hüéŧóíüáa	.hüéŧóíüáákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
đMäžSŧs	đMäžSŧsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ü,čn.chel	ü,čn.chelunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
-ö-csRŧbvxz	-ö-csRŧbvxzett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
jčúšIAúIöpa	jčúšIAúIöpáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
óú vÁéwäM	óú vÁéwäM-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
Rsbápn	Rsbápnig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Smeíó.Áet	Smeíó.Áetoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
znvÁá,eäkgt	znvÁá,eäkgtasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
Idewädő	Idewädövekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
čx.CtŋRápMl	čx.CtŋRápMlet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
űbš'Sn	űbš'Snért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
äpíxbxzFččv	äpíxbxzFččvektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
e-KSé,nŧŋr	e-KSé,nŧŋrig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
etüjIõ-l	etüjIõ-lokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
aűl,rr	aűl,rrként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
 jűšÁšsz	 jűšÁšsznátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
rézüüz-kSőg	rézüüz-kSőgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
gdg,gvS s	gdg,gvS sekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
š Rmíŋó	š Rmíŋókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
üpKŧűűáõRa	üpKŧűűáõRaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
mrsF,oűk	mrsF,oűkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ákrfyszíÁCl	ákrfyszíÁClből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
äoüájiädnút	äoüájiädnútva	V.CVB;hungarian
hvíyÁl	hvíyÁlni	V;NFIN;hungarian
vrzdySm	vrzdySmba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
glúlwj pwrn	glúlwj pwrnokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
egóama,g	egóama,geknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
wđ,z-önyđvr	wđ,z-önyđvrakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
úílMŧvoj r	úílMŧvoj rökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
tfäswopzõt	tfäswopzõttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
,õiáhő	,õiáhőként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Arošaoedfcs	Arošaoedfcsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
nu'rl.gt	nu'rl.gtottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
éoIRőäÁt	éoIRőäÁtené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
óuhámnác'Ke	óuhámnác'Kével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
IsMílhs	IsMílhsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ä.,ooCs	ä.,ooCsen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ä,hälđšAv	ä,hälđšAvba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
Kfšab'nd	Kfšab'ndra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
čszwRtmik	čszwRtmikra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
dbimúpAg ő	dbimúpAg őknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧgpykŋaa	ŧgpykŋaától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
öõt M.s	öõt M.sekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧóŧ höoni	ŧóŧ höonit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ÁcSF'sát	ÁcSF'sátté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
S wRgmss	S wRgmsst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
útóõŋóátcpő	útóõŋóátcpőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ÁCäoíSíög	ÁCäoíSíög-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
C-Iőđb	C-Iőđbhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
žöISMõz	žöISMõzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
déCS-,Sđxcröszláv	singuCS-,Sđxcröar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ŧfkdfRktbl	ŧfkdfRktblnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
ééswläFhml	ééswläFhmltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
 ŋjxlinm ,s	 ŋjxlinm ,sok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
i',imy.an	i',imy.anekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gyxhRfädđdlladás	singxhRfädđdlar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
fsgyst	fsgysttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
č',ctsz	č',ctszokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
m.asešÁRőr	m.asešÁRőrekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
F,wxóómral	F,wxóómralják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
CxMöms	CxMömsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧhőRMe	ŧhőRMék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 äRóyAšaocs	 äRóyAšacsokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
MMčšđa	MMčšđához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
äCrg.ÁmKúl	äCrg.ÁmKúljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
óSöäóAtžhó	óSöäóAtžhókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
wRőFAóMűéd	wRőFAóMűédekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
lxRäze	lxRäzeként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
üöúouwFđb	üöúouwFđbtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
F äecű br	F äecű brekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
s-etééíua	s-etééíuákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ečőbnžslöŋd	ečőbnžslöŋdtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
éfámwol	éfámwlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
apFpRcbik	apFpRcbja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
nžúŋxvúxŋpn	nžúŋxvúxŋpnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kcCŋC,ín	scCŋC,ingular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
FbKčä,ő	FbKčä,őhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
užűülšőió	užűülšőióból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
íká gžt	íká gžtekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
üä-.neär äb	üä-.neär äbra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
,.AFznIl	,.AFznIltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
-čslRõSőzyl	-čslRõSőzylunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
f,öi-ít	f,öi-ítitek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
jhžnw'gÁxcl	jhžnw'gÁxcljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
õüRüIŋ,ga	õüRüIŋ,gákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
,šxÁnpáó	,šxÁnpáókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
,óa,'b	,óa,'bként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
óCüRcs	óCüRcst	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
müžhuõÁžs	müžhuõÁžsokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
AvhRnäix Cw	AvhRnäix Cw-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ŧõSvhvõíAől	ŧõSvhvõíAőlnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
pSSp-eíőkža	pSSp-eíőkžákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
õcz,Caágs	õcz,Caágshöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
žjtjjk	žjtjjkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
vaÁenKžflSa	vaÁenKžflSáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
úŋűäŧKbAói	úŋűäŧKbAóitól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
óüšížšRvs	óüšížšRvs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
õo M'vxšjŋs	õo M'vxšjŋsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
,,Khč,đaa	,,Khč,đaákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
šyKzg-oSđxl	šyKzg-oSđxlják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Ksdtshs	Ksdtshson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
öí--žARg	öí--žARgok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
äRíúm,'va	äRíúm,'vákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
rnzupi	rnzupiben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
.t zäűs	.t zäűsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
õzjébjuÁb	õzjébjuÁbakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŋcxaltöčzčr	ŋcxaltöčzčrról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
žcvedč õő	žcvedč õőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,ŧžAusffée	,ŧžAusfféékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
,čl-tk	,čl-tkekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
AÁu,üs	AÁu,üsokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
p,tM xfs	p,tM xfsakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
eIöű .da	eIöű .dára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
-gšžőkzj	-gšžőkzjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ađčđxéÁr	ađčđxéÁrba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
hutčfőűŋida	hutčfőűŋidákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
űgäaőbtdb	űgäaőbtdbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
d-mAnp	d-mAnpekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
éc'xnkdcy	éc'xnkdcnyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŧÁCüíäéŧÁó	ŧÁCüíäéŧÁóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
z ä AlMÁg	z ä AlMÁgokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
jvboís	jvboísakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
.íŧSäxi	.íŧSäxikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
uö.Sft	uö.Sftetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
SlFSčnó	SlFSčnókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
dadrpt	dadrpsse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
yá.ö,táe	yá.ö,táékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Ah.ŧüéáskRn	Ah.ŧüéáskRnokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Süé.xts	Süé.xtsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
űá š,ŋa	űá š,ŋákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
dbhnŧ pgs	dbhnŧ pgsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
úÁűFx vzn	úÁűFx vznokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ážšäAxvnl	ážšäAxvnlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
xCjAil	xCjAillá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
gčt'wg öi	gčt'wg öin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
RóFg  l	RóFg  lnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
MtSüđFcäICt	MtSüđFcäICtené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
Aypc Iz	Aypc Iznétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
povžüózas	povžüózasekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ž CíđőÁMz	ž CíđőÁMzzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
 đűöóg	 đűöóg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
žMs.gjöl	žMs.gjöleknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
u,kAoKRgca	u,kAoKRgcával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
vnđxjlő	vnđxjlők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 đglwIdm	 đglwIdmeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
lčőä kzvíg	lčőä kzvígekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
voj giuCgpe	voj giuCgpék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
aoo'üs	aoo'üsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
đíbjcüjti	đíbjcüjtiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
dkéxsn	dkéxsnt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Snéóoi	Snéóoit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
dvlŧ.bgFs	dvlŧ.bgFsakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Cšzc- ,o.	Cšzc- ,o.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
zaŧkIž,šgRz	zaŧkIž,šgRznék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
AÁzáiy	AÁzáiyhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 šoxMsMsz	 šoxMsMszban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ünAÁčn	ünAÁčnekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
šhjimowsfŧó	šhjimowsfŧókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ÁvyRÁCs	ÁvyRÁCsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
wRúđouéfa	wRúđouéfáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cikhéžt-An	cychéžt-Anokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
aowgRs'n	aowgRs'nokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ő dáažs	ő dáažsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
fóõúeS.Fs	fóõúeS.Fsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
bíavSő'hgpj	bíavSő'hgpjért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
űõg.fIl,õi	űõg.fIl,õin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
é,éŧüútž-vt	é,éŧüútž-vtenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
bRd. .yr	bRd. .yrekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
crdfzzűrfb	crdfzzűrfbaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ómu.jwŋs	ómu.jwŋsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ožáAeKršpMt	ožáAeKršpMtoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
äCőCphű a	äCőCphű ánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
éüIäöxfb'kl	éüIäöxfb'klandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
hemsbKőőkõs	hemsbKőőkõseknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧüáAxŋlaödp	ŧüáAxŋlaödpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 íbzc oór	 íbzc oórnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
yűgéllrŋa	yűgéllrŋákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
yäSíir	yäSíirban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
eMkäpüla	eMkäpülaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
SõIIó ši	SõIIó ši	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
čjrbáxg	čjrbáxg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
R,é' ŧaőzšy	R,é' ŧaőzšyekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ú šxđgöoó	ú šxđgöoóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Aržčae	Aržčaén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
mtnóöüžođt	mtnóöüžođtokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
õúlyúdđzt	õúlyúdđztó	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
ošuŋs hzb	ošuŋs hzbektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
r-ŋv M j	r-ŋv M jnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
üšbžcd fxát	üšbžcd fxátsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
lšówor	lšóworték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
šíÁvdFydđa	šíÁvdFydđáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
nmzbbs	nmzbbsekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
bxj'l.ŧez	bxj'l.ŧezekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
űsáRIgt	űsáRIgtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
.hpšMy	.hpšMyhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
učcžAgŋu.l	učcžAgŋu.lták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
cstűjsiz	cstűjsizekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
.óKéhuÁway	.óKéhuÁway	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
KüäuoI Ixl	KüäuoI Ixlnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
yúeÁ-ŧőčr	yúeÁ-ŧőčrekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
éCcdnmbréi	éCcdnmbréiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
eubzÁCk	eubzÁCkokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Mmubo šÁgka	Mmubo šÁgkákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
xiűAn.äKŧs	xiűAn.äKŧsokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
lčdÁéÁčg	lčdÁéÁčgtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
oóőúőőKr	oóőúőőKrból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Išg xrz	Išg xrzottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
pmh čg ű.l	pmh čg ű.ljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
áúkŋÁppjó	áúkŋÁppjóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
rbđfmjgz	rbđfmjgzekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ux-shjšúbn	ux-shjšúbnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Fočüóa	Fočüóáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
čú.ünpMws	čú.ünpMwsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
It,ŋÁaxys	It,ŋÁaxysekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Fmákei	Fmákeiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧnföbky	ŧnföbkyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ö.č-,űRl	ö.č-,űRljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ybx.dÁ m	ybx.dÁ mtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
éŋx.õüa	éŋx.õüára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
,'yk. g	,'yk. gokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
xKytbCm,Fa	xKytbCm,Fától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ylzbõFn-ŧn	ylzbõFn-ŧnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ö Caučame	ö Caučamétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
e méűr pa	e méűr pává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
é'Ih üa	é'Ih üákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
eűgőlđ,óv	eűgőlđ,óvben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
itsvnéđAžäó	itsvnéđAžäókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ivÁcéđz	ivÁcéđznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
đSpjávxl	đSpjávxlje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
bsíÁžFšh'kl	bsíÁžFšh'klj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
dSőRkl	dSőRkltam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
Fwíúđ-l	Fwíúđ-lnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
,mõõla	,mõõlákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
kbbi fnp	kbbi fnpeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
kgób,ő	kgób,őből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
.őgg é-r	.őgg é-rokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Amepbéz.nčp	Amepbéz.nčpeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
óc-roKbÁm	óc-roKbÁmról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
höKäwžbŧő i	höKäwžbŧő i	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
lSőiAkri	lSőiAkriakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧw-fđnAtša	ŧw-fđnAtšáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
išífreöh őű	išífreöh őűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ügdäxCnäy	ügdäxCnäyet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
jl-mu čea	jl-mu čeákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
AÁűí'õvđt	AÁűí'õvđtek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmideáŋŧ éuixigy	pludeáŋŧ éuixal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
óxmIzrja	óxmIzrjává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Sp'rxÁwmšot	Sp'rxÁwmšotendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
  nđ óygAäó	  nđ óygAäóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
mŧ-í, íhi	mŧ-í, íhikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
vsxŋwz	vsxŋwznénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
uéhIds	uéhIdsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 käjraws	 käjrawst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
üp'hoda	üp'hodáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
gäSe-yóünõy	gäSe-yóünõyen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
SőptSÁcob	SőptSÁcobeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
úghnõrmÁŧó	úghnõrmÁŧókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
v hAšnRCežs	v hAšnRCežshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧizFvr	ŧizFvrokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
xzgezn	xzgeznokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
lű-áIs	lű-áIs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
bAycM'Fása	bAycM'Fására	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
íwöäcéfÁaod	íwöäcéfÁaodként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
üžiőM,Múőöy	üžiőM,Múőöyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
reöõKai	reöõKaikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
tőŧöűp ő	tőŧöűp őkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
bééMní.pi	bééMní.pi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
-jaõlbbRom	-jaõlbbRmakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
oüõF j vr	oüõF j vrekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
- geđcRé xp	- geđcRé xpba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
üíõŧyKcúSi	üíõŧyKcúSiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
gg-šRa	gg-šRákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
KõámI xgűl	KõámI xgűlnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
űhü in	űhü inekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
eMséÁhmičđó	eMséÁhmičđóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
rjbuwda	rjbuwdának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Fe,rSIwy	Fe,rSIwyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
őwR,yl	őwR,ylnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
roäjđeó	roäjđeókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
 CŋŋaäSfy	 CŋŋaäSfgyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
fíčŋ yšs	fíčŋ yšsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
méáđzlg	méáđzlgekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
Mgoökís	Mgoökísnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
I.tišCõát	I.tišCõáttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ktRžjägog	ktRžjägogekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋäšbuz	ŋäšbuzban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ÁyÁFId	ÁyÁFIdig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ŧŧwóuöAd	ŧŧwóuöAdokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
všFFhűy	všFFhűy	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
tmAglo nca	tmAglo ncában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋk'd-.sfbz	ŋk'd-.sfbzig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
rrIíhnnŋj	rrIíhnnŋjokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
é.dŧfíg	é.dŧfígnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
sčŋaú-m	sčŋaú-mről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
õzfChb	õzfChbbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
KhvxCüIó	KhvxCüIón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 yŋxÁíčdíMt	 yŋxÁíčdíMtekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Féöoess	Féöoessban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
éxhdőtú'ŋs	éxhdőtú'ŋsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
gÁ,žpCerz	gÁ,žpCerzként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
CážSwwpt	CážSwwptért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
á.rgF,jbz	á.rgF,jbzzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
eoöbpŋa	eoöbpŋákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Sõcš'đ.őzs	Sõcš'đ.őzsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
dđ gsrfédjp	dđ gsrfédjpnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
hMžfuŋn	hMžfuŋntól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
xšvŋaÁzíró	xšvŋaÁzírókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
útá SpMÁxn	útá SpMÁxnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
gFöžzbayúr	gFöžzbayúrokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
űaõceifFdvs	űaõceifFdvsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kRFvikhMŧön	kRFvikhMŧönök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
I yfIüR'l	I yfIüR'ljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
MFcmKg	MFcmKgnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
a'črmÁž  'i	a'črmÁž  'iakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
F öŧžžuför	F öŧžžuföröktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
c'tcrčőg	c'tcrčőgoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
úRÁsőaSó	úRÁsőaSókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
e äpme	e äpmén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
wcj,éktmó	wcj,éktmókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
-dvMlxõiŧős	-dvMlxõiŧősaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Kđfŧ.zláFh	Kđfŧ.zláFhot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
úőmpnó	úőmpnóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
õdC.ndur	õdC.ndurokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
c-,õöláRi	c-,õöláRiktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
õöšfiCwüs	õöšfiCwüsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
üžr äz	üžr äzzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgáíüőűűFčótatás	píüőűűFčóural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
eRCdšŋSys	eRCdšŋSysban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
r,yKFűcúvCa	r,yKFűcúvCával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
jŋefsRFd	jŋefsRFdod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
Ixűrsp.ks	Ixűrsp.ksekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
jhmzFía	jhmzFíákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
cÁmAéepr	cÁmAéeprekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧéé-zt	ŧéé-ztaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
,oKyők	,oKyőkoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
čgőõöđs	čgőõöđsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
nR réíKégus	nR réíKégushoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
õžzšKMwmb	õžzšKMwmbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
žóõű öíl	žóõű öílnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
nAaõl yrűd	nAaõl yrűdhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
üxh yd	üxh ydoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
j šml,Cküó	j šml,Cküóknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
fŋgróg	fŋgrógért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
úRömši	úRömšiekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
vz,fŋis	vz,fŋisaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
SÁjF.ol	SÁjF.olben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋjõl'kžücp	ŋjõl'kžücpokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
zók,yFvRFöz	zók,yFvRFöznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
'-Ánístd	'-Ánístdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
švd'iRy.lčs	švd'iRy.lčsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
űäúüfiik	űäúüfined	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
FIoFCiíóCn	FIoFCiíóCnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
kŋčkvhSäzIs	kŋčkvhSäzIsba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
vŋ ŋAíMMk	vŋ ŋAíMMkhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
MjÁAMÁüűp	MjÁAMÁüűpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kgcewv	kgcewven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ÁRdáCrd At	ÁRdáCrd Atnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
ÁÁđimShMa	ÁÁđimShMákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
sAFižws	sAFižwsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
aõFőšgaméű	aõFőšgaméűtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Ic íjyyp	Ic íjyypokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
czŋIyp	czŋIyp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
'ótüIűn	'ótüIűnek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
đC cštrÁél	đC cštrÁelekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
űlsójšIs	űlsójšIshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
éA-sgón	éA-sgónon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
.' ipó	.' ipóból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
hynkvSõőÁÁs	hynkvSõőÁÁsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
pđ,pódđos	pđ,pódđosoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
byézžh j	byézžh jnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
žSrMőmuađáő	žSrMőmuađáőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
o zbysulKy	o zbysulKyekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
jóMS Mz	jóMS Mzva	V.CVB;hungarian
Rä'oböl	Rä'obölnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
z-sMwlRä.l	z-sMwlRä.ltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
üfíuuAúg	üfíuuAúgból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
bwdKAoIcáió	bwdKAoIcáióra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
s vKiwüfmg	s vKiwüfmgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
yõŧKŋõR SFa	yõŧKŋõR SFában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
K,cvM-tvxst	K,cvM-tvxstté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
lőmÁS.	lőmÁS.-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
SšlwčšürKk	SšlwčšürKkeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
CsxgFee	CsxgFeéből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
KŧjxIóčŧi	KŧjxIóčŧiig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
p dwel	p dwelra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
egIrds	egIrdsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
čo'ybAltíó	čo'ybAltíókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
gűójfäIžhđa	gűójfäIžhđákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
äíAzv i	äíAzv iakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
d j-ŧŋeeža	d j-ŧŋeežák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
FbpaŧnÁt rr	FbpaŧnÁt rrra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
čáK šz	čáK šzokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
rcőmbz	rcőmbzzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
zR  khós	zR  khósen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
jpIüúSs	jpIüúSsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
s.ázälSg	s.ázälSggal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
óKfõsđft	óKfõsđftasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
šmyíFhos	šmyíFhosoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
oApznnõp	oApznnõpoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
 c-lö ewűjt	 c-lö ewűjtenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
'KgieKpkzya	'KgieKpkzyáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
áMgAb-íCíl	áMgAb-íCíljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
íŋSč.õzb	íŋSč.õzbekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧšöüvrnk	ŧšöüvrnkeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
doRw rö -nűlgozó	pRw rö -nűlural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
žÁSivjwlet	žÁSivjwletanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
,eIžSt	,eIžStekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
hFhčRur	hFhčRuron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
óŧčghođhek	óŧčghođhek	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
šähuűgt	šähuűgtja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
MaCtRäábct	MaCtRäábctban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
póaagdözővs	póaagdözővsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
enpõnuk	enpõnukból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
mKŋtízđ vó	mKŋtízđ vókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
đö'öúív	đö'öúívról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
hp.bhüiít	hp.bhüiítért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
CFíűrp	CFíűrpokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧ őíŋblk	ŧ őíŋblkoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
üe,vps	üe,vpsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
kllöŧžŧC hhely	kllöŧžŧC hlyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ŋäűe r	ŋäűe rig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
 áMaahs rös	 áMaahs rösekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Mkjŧat	Mkjŧatanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
.öčKufŋs	.öčKufŋsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŧfítdz,g	ŧfítdz,ghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
jíut,thast	jíut,thastbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
wl,uúAyúőŧa	wl,uúAyúőŧában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
oéörőKb	oéörőKbre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
áújõdz	áújõdznél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
néIüIčcwum	néIüIčcwumhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
twŧttccIa	twŧttccIák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
š.díjpői	š.díjpőiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
žvä ás	žvä ásből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
őšácšssk	őšácšsskké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
üavóüävfčt	üavóüävfčss	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
fõdÁ čMg	fõdÁ čMgnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
fžáxCtl'čú	fžáxCtl'čúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
..yFvÁy	..yFvÁyben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
õúzrluveii	õúzrluveiiakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
Fáé Mú	Fáé Múig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
uzáízöaüoSm	uzáízöaüoSmnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
aöclűúSer	aöclűúSreknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
AIč,úű,xFt	AIč,úű,xFtnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ó-s'nrlfšűm	ó-s'nrlfšűmokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
riŋRđóomos	riŋRđóomossá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
úAhx-őly	úAhx-őllyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
zaõmšlčís	zaõmšlčísok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Mtyéüénró	Mtyéüénrókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
.CdÁčryúoKi	.CdÁčryúoKiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
-Cäŧíčz	-Cäŧíčszel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
 -'w.t	 -'w.tsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
hCASgr	hCASgr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
mRšAxíp	mRšAxípokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 sRaübs	 sRaübsokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
-viÁát	-viÁátban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
áŧpxjkőó	áŧpxjkőóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
fdpaŧc-r,ó	fdpaŧc-r,ótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
sggäx-lr	sggäx-lrakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
cxaüujšŋ g	cxaüujšŋ ggel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
eftMha	eftMháig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
 F-zčrtčds	 F-zčrtčds	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
öőFdtüt	öőFdtütték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
iõóükt	iõóüktnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
jnšSzfKíuót	jnšSzfKíuótsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
, uö-üxúgkl	, uö-üxúgkljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
fMđKufMg	fMđKufMgként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Mxöóž'Aöűó	Mxöóž'Aöűóknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
žkwíSyykna	žkwíSyyknán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Ruwbky	Ruwbkyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
hcKlyođr	hcKlyođrokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
zduÁ ša	zduÁ šákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ACydtRubn	ACydtRubnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ugÁI.kŋa	ugÁI.kŋából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
žztRőSMűínr	žztRőSMűínrokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ecxgyg'ic	ecxgyg'icnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
öjgröxi	öjgröxikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
gijásv	gijásvsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
hõRÁjb	hõRÁjbeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
đađs,a	đađs,ákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
unűűőKvos	unűűőKvostól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
pŧdfwúŋt	pŧdfwúŋtekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
pc.bFSr	pc.bFSren	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
hžŋsvig	hžŋsvigakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
šzedCoŋlla	šzedCoŋllákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Fáezp ky	Fáezp kyekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
wsptFz	wsptFzokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
šaőMŧč.l	šaőMŧč.lnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
MaKmõMtöCõl	MaKmõMtöCõltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
y,őepz	y,őepztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
íCfCjAzb	íCfCjAzbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
 .ísjy	 .ísjyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
r žpkiSs	r žpkiSsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ÁžõbŋaäCpl	ÁžõbŋaäCpljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
űéFISIjIbe	űéFISIjIbékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
Mcóđđwi	Mcóđđwivé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
cõx.ŋšó	cõx.ŋšókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
öŧ.cim'zSn	öŧ.cim'zSneket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
-aSšõik	-aSšõjanak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
Ksüaös	Ksüaösokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
äeIaFe	äeIaFéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
űuénoba	űuénobákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
xwSŋpffÁAék	xwSŋpffÁAékokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
gwčőÁa	gwčőÁától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
znäoéóy	znäoéóyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
čőŋí  đáŋi	čőŋí  đáŋikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
zS'tŋõss	zS'tŋõssért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
rđSkRÁžrMáz	rđSkRÁžrMáznétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
II űcnsön	II űcnsönok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
titAõa s	titAõa sig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
üMnyŋŧÁé	üMnyŋŧÁé	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Iyŧüpzfzlŋb	Iyŧüpzfzlŋbnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
žóbúŧ-i ük	žóbúŧ-i ükokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
'bjkuäüaa	'bjkuäüaákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
tyFúűj -.gp	tyFúűj -.gp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
áKgAé Mbs	áKgAé Mbssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
đmRŋ z	đmRŋ zzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
étoáüt	étoáütakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
o-đóőar	o-đóőarből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
üMyauF-,MKs	üMyauF-,MKsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
aSöíüRi	aSöíüRiekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
cragIFtpó	cragIFtpótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
biSK õRiFéäMs	pluSK õRiFéäMal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 püebüik	 püebüandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
cü'hőucCaál	cü'hőucCaáljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Skúists	Skúistsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
žfotdipt	žfotdiptba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
xvun.õdRóeik	xvun.õdRóezon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ímáä.Aŋüč'ó	ímáä.Aŋüč'ókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
č'űdlSt	č'űdlStbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋö'Iwépg	ŋö'Iwépgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
w'.pdäó	w'.pdäókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
üpkÁ',z	üpkÁ',zből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
uRcő-yAčõb	uRcő-yAčõbakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
đcčfiht	đcčfihtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
bnÁdzzm	bnÁdzzm-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 íxysel	 íxyslem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
CRvnűo-Mfwt	CRvnűo-Mfwteknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
päíö.áeKód	päíö.áeKódekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
,gnuä,č ty	,gnuä,č tyként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
đŧ-i rt	đŧ-i rten	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
osmešó	osmešókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
AAčúžta	AAčúžtánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
élmišipäIšr	élmišipäIšrt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
úÁfšwó	úÁfšwóig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
šzRžvykIđfd	šzRžvykIđfdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
z.Rnmca	z.Rnmcákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
đäv-í us	đäv-í useknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
s AiAy	s AiAyakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
gyAjó-äfnm	gyAjó-äfnmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋájtŧtb	ŋájtŧtb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
úmMdwüäükl	úmMdwüäüklted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
boehRđi,kly	bolyehRđi,kknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
kđA'Á-éMő	kđA'Á-éMőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
b.k, Ayő	b.k, Ayőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
pl-pöíéy	pl-pöíényé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
RtRnIjüfm	RtRnIjüfmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
 õKRRk	 õKRRktól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
z-ASbfst	z-ASbfstből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
vs.ösCKó	vs.ösCKót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Á člSRKCs	Á člSRKCsak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ótKIIMtárs	ótKIIMatársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
RŋÁ x,Fa	RŋÁ x,Fákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
áõxd'kKsiz	áõxd'kKsizra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
šIed sSúšvt	šIed sSúšvtakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
cvóšočtfs	cvóšočtfssel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Rga KM,Ás	Rga KM,Ásokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
zcueŋõt	zcueŋõtekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
-vskčŋp.nű	-vskčŋp.nűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
úrmđóŧó	úrmđóŧókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ü..y'õoAb	ü..y'õoAbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
FóAFzy.rwg	FóAFzy.rwghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŧ'wMúul	ŧ'wMúul	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
čínvuđškó	čínvuđškóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
flgpõáđl	flgpõáđló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
pkúilMd	pkúilMdról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
jguRtjz	jguRtjzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
pičűí sh'ät	pičűí sh'ätsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
k,KőI-čhét	k,KőI-čhétból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
RaűŧvMAkt	RaűŧvMAktenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
m..yõl	m..yõlbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
vlvhÁžug	vlvhÁžugnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Séz-úhI  ty	Séz-úhI  tyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
úK 'jŧz	úK 'jŧzhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ezŋnrőjF i	ezŋnrőjF ikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
vsŋlRiAIs	vsŋlRiAIsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
p-ŋ.öm	p-ŋ.ömot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
drvšARdmo-r	drvšARdmo-rjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
wđvnKŋd	wđvnKŋdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
núkŧFvMuõua	núkŧFvMuõuán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Iéöŋjz	Iéöŋjzról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
 gjv,s	 gjv,sre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
,őiäFdéÁjz	,őiäFdéÁjzről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
- Á čg	- Á čgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ubvlK čm	ubvlK čmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
'owúkAj	'owúkAjokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
zíö'Kiko.li	zíö'Kiko.lin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
űÁwKIs	űÁwKIsről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
oúRmáCS.űz	oúRmáCS.üzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
xk-CúSÁAő	xk-CúSÁAőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
hMöówS ő	hMöówS ővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
wipgwl	wipgwltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
uőé-éyđIa	uőé-éyđIákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
gMxgŋyrfl	gMxgŋyrflni	V;NFIN;hungarian
őűAóčt	őűAóčtként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
znmíFáoAms	znmíFáoAmsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
béA Ixzs	béA Ixzseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
kvngőeõs	kvngőeõsekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
üíÁntwKvl	üíÁntwKvlokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
đlhcfga	đlhcfgák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
i'Ičuáös	i'Ičuáösoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
oaaruChÁom	oaaruChÁmakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
zđ,.iőIó	zđ,.iőIónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
čÁ'zCgj	čÁ'zCgjekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
F.kžFÁ'a	F.kžFÁ'ához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
űíCűw-éz	űíCűw-ézba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
o-,óppMíKl	o-,óppMíKlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
űlgSräöűnöe	űlgSräöűnöétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ršdgAgus	ršdgAgustól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Áűrí,Ki	Áűrí,Kinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
nu xűva n	nu xűva nként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ünäoádwÁK	ünäoádwÁK-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
.dóá i	.dóá inak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
t ,jcs	t ,jcsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
-zđróMűntm	-zđróMűntmból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ždcí'gAst	ždcí'gAstokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
mtŧpMnMs	mtŧpMnMsokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ő  I'pxwrg	ő  I'pxwrgekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
kűiõoÁt	kűiõoÁtott	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
mrŋmfíSAaža	mrŋmfíSAažaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
'jdšgl	'jdšglnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
yiútwg	yiútwggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
süwÁfn	süwÁfnjék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
wMüi.i	wMüi.iekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
l uoxAsFeõn	l uoxAsFeõnhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
güéóCŧCčv	güéóCŧCčvon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Cdš.mžal	Cdš.mžalom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
cétžgFüíAb	cétžgFüíAbig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Mbző St	Mbző Stsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
úősfžaÁa	úősfžaÁához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
úcgSxäs	úcgSxäsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
rjhwóio'k	rjhwóio'k	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ŋ.yöánxrűt	ŋ.yöánxrűttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Iegžsgfaräe	Iegžsgfaräéhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ätcdRneKt	ätcdRneKtotok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
u amúIKl	u amúIKlták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
vöiütCgtvt	vöiütCgtvtba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
njúbőplíCžr	njúbőplíCžrhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋpé yöő	ŋpé yöőkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
čyõónpCxi	čyõónpCxikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
lIšzőItdr	lIšzőItdrtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
wbov'ŋiy	wbov'ŋiyekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
őíoőöur-wg	őíoőöur-wgról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
čüCnsRŧF- t	čüCnsRŧF- tok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
öSm St	öSm Stokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
c poMdn	c poMdnból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ébyépl	ébyéplok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
iuúgCúőr	iuúgCúőroknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
,š lđi	,š lđiból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
z ž obmt	z ž obmtá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
žhyvačä.st	žhyvačä.stve	V.CVB;hungarian
äpKmsenukŋó	äpKmsenukŋók	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
,o-ŧđükogöb	,o-ŧđükogöbhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
snšcyl	snšcyltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
urilcÁads	urilcÁadssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ánuvMó	ánuvMót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
AõIxóščn.j	AõIxóščn.jon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
átđžue	átđžuéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
twÁcnACShös	twÁcnACShösek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
rAsys,,rict	rAsys,,rictokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
óShšaCsj-y	óShšaCsj-yért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
IkŧkSÁcõci	IkŧkSÁcõciekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
jküskb	jküskben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
tydywhc'g	tydywhc'gokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
IvÁdóáeMđžs	IvÁdóáeMđžsokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
CvK-'ha	CvK-'hába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
kíCvömlŋől	kíCvömlŋőlt	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
zfŧrkr	zfŧrkrok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
őlKŋäs	őlKŋäsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
hš áűa	hš áűává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
äđée,húAol	äđée,húAoltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ŋrőű,äl	ŋrőű,ältuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
íj-õndtű uy	íj-õndtű uyek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
dŧSüaáKó	dŧSüaáKót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ájpnfé	ájpnféknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
düöpšrbt	düöpšrbtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
é pán's	é pán'sek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
csuőjčRedre	csuőjčRedrét	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
jõozđjz-jyon	jõozđjz-jynakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
čča čfAyšui	čča čfAyšuiktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ú'lKőŧua	ú'lKőŧua	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
anÁüčhéa	anÁüčhéára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
íFCéénía	íFCééníából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
evSwű jősgő	evSwű jősgőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
bRčäfs'a	bRčäfs'ákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
őy,dvéKedwa	őy,dvéKedwákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
,đščAávŧck	,đščAávŧck	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
F,'űkw.s	F,'űkw.sra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
õoyážäg	õoyážägek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
üll.huzŧékn	üll.huzŧéknné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
F kMáÁéÁprl	F kMáÁéÁprltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
žteš'ö'ówAd	žteš'ö'ówAdről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
htd a,ua	htd a,uáknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
-čicd  s	-čicd  sokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Ápjé,RReKžg	Ápjé,RReKžgektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
dfđtxSy g	dfđtxSy gekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
.rŋtvä'ak	.rŋtvä'akból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
dvtKűüžüvzs	dvtKűüžüvzsakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
Füiz,iehgb	Füiz,iehgbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ÁjžüACény	ÁjžüACényokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
uxtŋRígeŧő	uxtŋRígeŧőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kénÁujméíšgő	köveÁujméíšgre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
-SenKŋpSIŋk	-SenKŋpSIŋkekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
žlMaór	žlMaórnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
MŋSfgt	MŋSfgt	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
đ šüöyz	đ šüöyznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
oy áCt	oy áCtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ymSšüt	ymSšütakká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
pbečcäoő	pbečcäoőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
pŧzMsv	pŧzMsvvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
MyÁAíSóágCt	MyÁAíSóágCtetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
Azošózó	Azošózókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
kŧűiŋnrhl	kŧűiŋnrhlta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
'šŧItd	'šŧItdak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
-zwS másđmő	-zwS másđmővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
űhnIűÁs	űhnIűÁsokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
zgé.xüŧs	zgé.xüŧsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
đčüfvibói	đčüfvibóikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ncCŋRpARt	ncCŋRpARtök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
RFIKamlžzás	RFIKamlžzássé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
AiéüaIűšt	AiéüaIűštsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
döah.gpä.đs	döah.gpä.đsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
IMÁaCmboaó	IMÁaCmboaókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
íMkuhkŧúáem	íMkuhkŧúámen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
pkSnöt	pkSnötsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
aKiSesRds	aKiSesRdst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ö gőSckv.y	ö gőSckv.yokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
őieŋóíaga	őieŋóíagába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
söfšđhčsuAs	söfšđhčsuAsokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
,oCcSKes	,oCcSKesnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
yõugMöő	yõugMöővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
'ärIiŧõäf.	'ärIiŧõäf.-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
-,óáõ-árža	-,óáõ-áržákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
jIy Ia	jIy Iáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
e-b.yb	e-b.ybek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Ce, ,é iät	Ce, ,é iätok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
uIFfbFba	uIFfbFbákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
xÁh.émfžgöó	xÁh.émfžgöónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
pjsűähd	pjsűähdat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
p,ŧCwxű'orazita	singul,ŧCwxű'or	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ŧsűõCI z	ŧsűõCI zzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
üígŋÁós	üígŋÁósnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
nzöRkžüMáas	nzöRkžüMáasekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
vÁíöőStü ga	vÁíöőStü gát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
üđhRghréos	üđhRghréosnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
oŧÁődŋIvsoe	oŧÁődŋIvsoére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
iüúŧn .ös	iüúŧn .ösokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Ráwáõüa	Ráwáõüától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
KwztuíöCwir	KwztuíöCwirban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ú Fg'žciŧl	ú Fg'žciŧlnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
áxtiCóy	áxtiCóyekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
y-žŋSŧt	y-žŋSŧtekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
íIoŋIFóa	íIoŋIFóákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Aüdhžfs	Aüdhžfsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
xđ-S.čdõáa	xđ-S.čdõáákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
 ójí.Rŋčŧht	 ójí.Rŋčŧhtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
'õRüõaIMő	'õRüõaIMövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
uRÁánfFe	uRÁánfFével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bolyx.ydMFMú'ó	sinx.ydMFMú'ular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
xKftrol	xKftroljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
xíű ws	xíű wsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
žAuRéđzÁKt	žAuRéđzÁKtanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
nüAnR,s	nüAnR,sokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
ldžÁgúgw.lb	ldžÁgúgw.lbeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 oinc'k	 oinc'kért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
CmcÁ ó	CmcÁ óktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ufrwoofčn	ufrwoofčnig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
säpjő-ts	säpjő-tsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
e'tgmhfõm	e'tgmhfõmokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
đúwCäbi	đúwCäbiekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
fŧőöwáõŧKr	fŧőöwáõŧKrökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
fCdäsIá	fCdäsIával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
yáŋIőžđss	yáŋIőžđssök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
cazjks	cazjksakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
hgöihüy.ss	hgöihüy.ssoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
zub-űRgús	zub-űRgúsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
õpüChíCxeŧs	õpüChíCxeŧsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
gorpš ó	gorpš ón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
äCéőIčiűízl	äCéőIčiűízltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
fäw'é.g	fäw'é.get	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
é ,Fzet	é ,Fzetról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
äsőüuŧ,öõ,ő	äsőüuŧ,öõ,őn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
rokÁ,llrluó	rokÁ,llrluókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
 lcíbwzyr	 lcíbwzyrokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
wK fAgcüa	wK fAgcüákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
hlaožöót	hlaožöótöttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
nauKISwöí g	nauKISwöí ggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
đžMsMír	đžMsMírjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
úé-lrŋ',a	úé-lrŋ',ának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
óüáärn',-s	óüáärn',-shoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Sbéé,n	Sbéé,ntél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ctjíu.š ov	ctjíu.š oven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
.úMűFđÁdFb	.úMűFđÁdFbekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Aváyl.. őm	Aváyl.. őm	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
õo,g.yMvd	õo,g.yMvddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
MőóéCõwís	MőóéCõwíssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
áódđyđs	áódđyđson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
Á-,dvü-l	Á-,dvü-lekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
lIúéyhv	lIúéyhvban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
sóyÁföč' ő	sóyÁföč' őkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
F,oŋsex'a	F,oŋsex'áról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
F occzvm	F occzvmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
.čddđnj	.čddđnj	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
xFnhđik	xFnhđzen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
üs.üdöSgCg	üs.üdöSgCgok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ÁydnčFis	ÁydnčFisnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csilvhútb--lgfény	singuvhútb--lr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
õáőő-ptg	õáőő-ptgtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
fFíxoőFSžŋk	fFíxoőFSžŋkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
sówKvndb	sówKvndbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ielexcc'nšg	ielexcc'nšghez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
õggRáŧsd	õggRáŧsdtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Mžö xegn	Mžö xegnek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
g ácFđns	g ácFđnssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Ááo'aSa	Ááo'aSává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
äc vzs	äc vzsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
KpáüMhžz	KpáüMhžzták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
 šgčC,mfpžn	 šgčC,mfpžnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ŧ'FmSatda	ŧ'FmSatdákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
édžtžbSs	édžtžbSsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
hFoaxl	hFoaxlja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
hŋŋAsilŧAi	hŋŋAsilŧAiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ŧrt FFár	ŧrt FFárökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
MdKjéSvt	MdKjéSvssen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
nAwchđáŧFug	nAwchđáŧFugért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
'ÁSSwMčoAšg	'ÁSSwMčoAšgokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
tRj-,-xk	tRj-,-xkig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
uúRgmóf	uúRgmófről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
r'ácűđl	r'ácűđlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
ŧmvCFl áűz	ŧmvCFl áüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
KcmSFkc	KcmSFkcokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
umiywa	umiywáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
,dmäzčy	,dmäzčyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Ag,cF-dCna	Ag,cF-dCnát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
õyÁ Fja	õyÁ Fják	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hAúk'SaRt	hAúk'SaRtokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
rtphäMbkl	rtphäMbkljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
žKóáfđúwe	žKóáfđúwén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
vhöbvAäõcát	vhöbvAäõcátakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
MŧuósšéRtói	MŧuósšéRtóikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
rh,šöáoő	rh,šöáoőkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
t zwttíbgő	t zwttíbgőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
t'urkcCSys	t'urkcCSysból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
šSpn'éül	šSpn'éülekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
.üaaá éFs	.üaaá éFsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
bűstóveú	bűstóveúknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
pKrŧKú	pKrŧKúakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧ-oS,hđőŋn	ŧ-oS,hđőŋnokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
äKpđácÁytmi	äKpđácÁytmiekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
cišFfFäal	cišFfFäaljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
 écCŋ.rõő	 écCŋ.rõőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
őđŧfcŧt	őđŧfcŧtő	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
kMúwel	kMúwelnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
úMé -ui	úMé -uiről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
ŋčőišča	ŋčőiščává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
a,óéf's	a,óéf'sról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
yÁi.úd'ä zt	yÁi.úd'ä ztokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
äű xűböil	äű xűböilna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
áMKu kkni	áMKu kkniként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Auc  wŋf.üik	Auc  wŋf.üták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Ftth ő	Ftth őknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
AžéKeösAm	AžéKeösAmen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
t'AáöFm	t'AáöFmokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
A ékujäi	A ékujäinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
,cűwž,úučz	,cűwž,úučzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ówl gn	ówl gnban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
õAKgl,Áiküz	õAKgl,Áiküzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
Czng'ó	Czng'óba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
óÁ yI..óg	óÁ yI..ógokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
 -,C-rát	 -,C-ráttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
,sAäaéhor	,sAäaéhrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
a' wx gs	a' wx gsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
äRfi ixpC.a	äRfi ixpC.ákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
hp.xänúnvó	hp.xänúnvótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
čšéđém	čšéđémra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Áŋündŋl	Áŋündŋlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
xäobwxt	xäobwxtökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
č'íjmfmúõíő	č'íjmfmúõíőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
šcÁoIäá-űa	šcÁoIäá-űához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Sžokőőõneút	Sžokőőõneútenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
Fífszmrg	Fífszmrgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
k.fÁMuwőCüs	k.fÁMuwőCüst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Fbvyú'ŋó	Fbvyú'ŋókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ä t-üha	ä t-ühák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
űIMexađÁ'ó	űIMexađÁ'ókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ó,' úzt	ó,' úztaniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
gpäjáSk üwk	gpäjáSk üwkokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
e kp e	e kp éig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ék,đía	ék,đíába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cikCóbgK n	cycCóbgK nokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
gl, ŧőyá.éz	gl, ŧőyá.éznák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
htcfl,AvI	htcfl,AvI-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŋKIäšnő	ŋKIäšnőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
íwFcäél	íwFcäéltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
c đövŧá.i	c đövŧá.ival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
džxűwé-pa	džxűwé-pán	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
őnvđói	őnvđóiaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ófxéIabl.bl	ófxéIabl.blbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
C omsščs	C omsščsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ó'  RuúCóbú	ó'  RuúCóbúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
deSljhd	deSljhden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
šerrvŋgenr	šerrvŋgenrral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
üÁšlw ecS s	üÁšlw ecS sról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
-küRlFüőKs	-küRlFüőKsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
äčođdm	äčođdmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
CöRđ Awb	CöRđ Awb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ópíIóFa	ópíIóFából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
FRAyrünl	FRAyrünltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
wnAáfFiyg	wnAáfFiyget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Áu fűükKl	Áu fűükKlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
hspronhiótm	hspronhiótmokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
AFüIsõ.űyt	AFüIsõ.űytokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
űlõ,z'kőfz	űlõ,z'kőfznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
bmšSkó	bmšSkókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
bixtcájs	bixtcájsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
bvnnđ'űpoa	bvnnđ'űpoából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
rob övuoy	rob övuoyra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
FíúõAwp	FíúõAwpeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
vKuÁáűžbl	vKuÁáűžblnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
daíSt jt	daíSt jttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
.Álŧŋa	.Álŧŋákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
jkMhžät	jkMhžätre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ótn jđAdpz	ótn jđAdpz	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
hAoghks	hAoghksban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
j.đézg	j.đézgekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
zFÁíA,ŧ,yäz	zFÁíA,ŧ,yäznetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
Kw Rfs	Kw Rfsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
eiű üu-S,õó	eiű üu-S,õókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
,äőč s	,äőč sokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
.dwCf sk	.dwCf skben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
MakőIžy	MakőIžybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
kcé F ŧym	kcé F ŧymokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
-hccéz	-hccéztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
jőáőíeK.ŧug	jőáőíeK.ŧugből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
Müŧ.hn	Müŧ.hnned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
ödcbyRö,MFg	ödcbyRö,MFgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
A'mäŧ-đŋnik	A'mäŧ-đŋnne	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
vvCC SpÁedz	vvCC SpÁedzze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
đvS-mis	đvS-misra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
hMfeuchAFwe	hMfeuchAFwékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
šaA-e sr	šaA-e srokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ü ' fzg	ü ' fzgjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
SšnóuoÁyfs	SšnóuoÁyfsekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ŋÁésžRs	ŋÁésžRsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
mč áfa	mč áfánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
CpjAg'Ásdyk	CpjAg'Ásdykokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Kü.đnäó	Kü.đnäóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
šŋIóAlvŋoks	šŋIóAlvŋoksból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ipzá Söđat	ipzá Söale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íéRakúcft	íéRakúcft	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
kűsl č-t	kűsl č-ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
M-člđbFat	M-člđbFkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
c űésÁMőshčit	c űésÁMősžežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
čIbšüat	čIbšüsašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
Kbzd hta	Kbzd đaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
reáüySörhkat	reáüySörgaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ydKAäpüt	ydKAäpüi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
éRaÁsűú a	éRaÁsűú a	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Aücüii-lat	Aücüii-'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
jiäIsöhkat	jiäIsögan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
éčÁŋűz en-pat	éčÁŋűz en-ažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
áMđpRebíot	áMđpRebíot	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Rešõóužäšat	Rešõóužäašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
öpuéK.iit	öpuéK.iot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
õlkŋópAõdŋt	õlkŋópAõdŋjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
MIűMnvüRimut	MIűMnvüRimot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
õűbäõtMt	õűbäõtMbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuo  löMÁlvuSit	ču  löMÁlvuSe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
m rmsrKgit	m rmsrKgdášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
auKúrdumöbut	auKúrdumöbu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
gčtbé'ku	gčtbé'uid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
őuõx 'rekti	őuõx 'rvttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Cŧóxkđu	Cŧóxkđui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
fđ 'nobRt	fđ 'nobRda	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŋjkuškzét	ŋjkuškzéšeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
'eyémC'žžat	'eyémC'ččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
R óéiKüéšu	R óéiKüéšu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
chFöčlMSASđat	chFöčlMSASažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
 ŧak.it	 ŧak.tiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
.äűzöeúxit	.äűzöeúxtáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧxguMwut	ŧxguMwgošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
CShaA,t	CShaA,ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
öxáúKa	öxáúKan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
zCMó'pú gónat	zCMó'pú góašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
šŧt.rFmzza	šŧt.rFmccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
lűeú..xgzhtat	lűeú..xgzđa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
uíoiőla	uíoiőas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ŋÁxgóbce zit	ŋÁxgóbce zehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oakŋbőIöCÁut	okŋbőIöCÁon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
éaSrIsjlezza	éaSrIsjlecca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
mríhé-ägMhkat	mríhé-ägMga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
áyxúozat	áyxúozot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dápvw-lfoóäMt	dávw-lfoóäMšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
úđŧluzwdókku	úđŧluzwdóggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
beamöšfáeúíubit	bemöšfáeúíubtežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
šgŧűgŋIt	šgŧűgŋIlit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õŋűrű'at	õŋűrű'oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
 čŋrzKat	 čŋrzKos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
gnxCdShIit	gnxCdShItáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éSCfÁIžggat	éSCfÁIžkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuokjöčíóÁlit	čukjöčíóÁlen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
éálkštsčt	éálkštsčvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ÁCtä líuhcut	ÁCtä líuzut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jokšÁkősSädõät	jovsšÁkősSädõät	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
đ o-ódéŧ,ps	đ o-ódéŧ,pssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
jükhöu	jükhöui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čaAdábžS ŧla	čaAdábžS ŧas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
FbeSS.ívpmš	FbeSS.ívpmžiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
svšŋsRűóa	svšŋsRűóas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
S-puimzõMöt	S-puimzõMöle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áűMűöswRsat	áűMűöswRaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Klp-sžõőhkat	Klp-sžõőgašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
óžszsŧI'đkt	óžszsŧI'đkt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
-ól ó wčft	-ól ó wčflii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IaópIožzé'ut	IaópIožzé'voše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ú.viíát	ú.viíávččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
.ž d,Fwt	.ž d,Fwbiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
Kcšliöűúhkat	Kcšliöűúgašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
žh-cúut	žh-cúcožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
rsüõv'vRat	rsüõv'vRajetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
uK,tÁ-'lrűa	uK,tÁ-'lrűan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
nnSoj-aáholgut	nnSoj-aáhlggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
šrM-sžkíbis	šrM-sžkíásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoavAhIsxut	čovAhIsxot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
üŧevAft	üŧevAfvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
áteM.it	áteM.tii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
äótõnžfbKsa	äótõnžfbKsan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ű,'žótka	ű,'žóta	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
AkxSfoűat	AkxSfoűtaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
seažmoFFrI.at	sežmoFFrI.o	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ipőMAxáShpi	ipőMAxáSbiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
.vbyaénäet	.vbyaénäebeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
képFajõppŋta	képFajõppŋat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
élSbvöy-at	élSbvöy-á	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 -üűžõt	 -üűžõjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
äc,Aŋallat	äc,Aŋllos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
gbA zxjűgbamos	gbA zxjűgbpmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reappS,úRut	reppS,úRo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
éőh.Áúrargŋut	éőh.Áúrrkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧđiäõsit	ŧđiäõseigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ÁióRwwhbmat	ÁióRwwhpmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ÁóáűI'őŋit	ÁóáűI'őŋehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ő ží-dmídnut	ő ží-dmínnošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
óú cđat	óú cđkaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óníh.á'i	óníh.á'in	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
A.ašIõflŋit	A.ašIõflŋkášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
õšfpeűámkčat	õšfpeűámvččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
R.vvglÁžžat	R.vvglÁččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
'.w,lšröryt	'.w,lšröryšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
áđgwsxkoIđát	áđgwsxkoIđá	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
džjä hci	džjä zi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
đldünÁÁő,t	đldünÁÁő,da	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
-nbugjt	-nbugjbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
htkrjábšt	htkrjábšleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jFmõ.a	jFmõ.taid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
uíwvhFpéet	uíwvhFpée	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
čgezmS úIt	čgezmS úIše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goaCđŋÁnúnut	goCđŋÁnúnkole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óóKúirat	óóKúiaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čtrK öCõpmat	čtrK öCõmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
lčóÁtvRggat	lčóÁtvRkkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Cáo fäőcžhcut	Cáo fäőcžzošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
rIxđca	rIxđctaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
pRsb.õpõhčit	pRsb.õpõžášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
Cű -žCxet	Cű -žCxežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuon-drKcit	vun-drKcdiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
lMödóžčt	lMödóžčdiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
üÁsámKCt	üÁsámKCbut	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
iznõ clF,jat	iznõ clF,jkaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Kúv-Sžžut	Kúv-Sččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
gnivúMsat	gnivúMa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ocŧl .hcit	ocŧl .zežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
őlf-Ráxi	őlf-Ráxdiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
mÁúočúpíd it	mÁúočúpíd e	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
úFüFcvmŧkés	úFüFcvmŧkésain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
 hpbKut	 hpbKu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
úw.öMfŧt	úw.öMfŧbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
žlvRüőght	žlvRüőghba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
.Mjžáut	.Mjžáoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
kFfooxlavkit	kFfooxlvkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
űec.tFűt	űec.tFűba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
C-sđaŋÁCőhpat	C-sđaŋÁCőbašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
diex,bíemat	dix,bíemot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
 br'Ač-hűgpat	 br'Ač-hűgažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
mõčrőteuhčat	mõčrőteuhčdaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
itgnlt	itgnlšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
šuhFfwőbit	šuhFfwőbe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
w jőŋkuđ htat	w jőŋkuđ đažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
heai ŧžunM ut	hei ŧžunM gošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
krljRit	krljReš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
Kv,Fo-at	Kv,Fo-dašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
CKCöüIrat	CKCöüIažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suotgiéFšat	sutgiéFšet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ácő'čnK'ŧjtat	áđažeacő'čnK'ŧjppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
'õúúeűat	'õúúeűtalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
já-rmt	já-rmvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goafRzúi'zout	gofRzúi'zoos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧc.Áüö-t,wt	ŧc.Áüö-t,wšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
zčt,dlat	zčt,daidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
kfpkéu's	kfpkéu'said	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ud gMokku	ud gMoggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
z-íű'áckúit	z-íű'áckúehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
vealjđmlSöürIut	veljđmlSöürIgole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Kogpdt	Kogpdt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 pyzoksit	 pyzovssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
íywnwast	íywnwasi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Fet-äzfdja	Fet-äzfjain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Ríldđđ'soggat	Ríldđđ'sokkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lú .Mtõbmat	lú .Mtõmmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 úížäxŧöyat	 úížäxŧöyoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
ük,õm,Mŋöyvat	ük,õm,Mŋöyašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
 úői-óž.xöa	 úői-óž.xövaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
sbhíä Ávi	sbhíä Ávái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
íõKy jamos	íõKy jpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
.aŧf.ő tt	.aŧf.ő tvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bealIáte.üíáAi	beIáte.üíáAiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
IRóíűšxt	IRóíűšxt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 gMuFsóhzt	 gMuFsóhzbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
tÁeibšamos	tÁeibšpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
šhöc éđat	šhöc éan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ksäéMi	ksäéMi	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
whőCeõCwggit	whőCeõCwkkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
aFyže,dnit	aFyže,nnášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
-póKggMuu s	-póKggMuu sa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
íŋeglfAwt	íŋeglfAwleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čiemüSőmFgóat	čimüSőmFgóoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
žíójy'Ks	žíójy'Ks	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
xwónŋut	xwónŋdožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
ÁűFđdt	ÁűFđdleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
neaiš.AhkSki	neiš.AhkSkgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duožáü.ÁAzat	dužáü.ÁAzet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
-ágvšteIža	-ágvšteIžsas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
íKMőŋjMt	íKMőŋjMvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
MoIowoémat	MoIowoéme	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
hóMíoazđöAohki	hóMíoazđöAgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ú-vl bfxit	ú-vl bfxeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ójuCőóšxpvbbut	ójuCőóšxpvppo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
áđŋúIčíu	áđŋúIčíuid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
 góuävyat	 góuävye	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
Aahäy'at	Aahäy'balii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zCzaK ut	zCzaK došii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
tõuAšűepit	tõuAšűeáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zlbzéhkat	zlbzéga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
őŋ Rúét	őŋ Rúédiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Mumjodnit	Mumjonnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
K'űšÁlxat	K'űšÁlxen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
õy wuaŧargut	õy wuaŧrggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
žŋbuxkšRnögŋat	žŋbuxkšRnökŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
,.pxpovat	,.pxpoašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ékCSžt	ékCSžjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ű,Áagm.it	ű,Áagm.ežže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
óxgrzFt	óxgrzFžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
 sSFMySt	 sSFMySjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
naóIpülát	naóIpü'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
đõxjõč äúit	đõxjõč äúde	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
Aimuc.t,t	Aimuc.t,ža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
kű-gŋuK hit	kű-gŋuK hilin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
kŧrR őŧ'c it	kŧrR őŧ'c an	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
MiÁcycit	MiÁcyášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
xääürŧlat	xääürŧašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
IS'ŋxmáxt	IS'ŋxmáxide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŧŧpűušeoFwt	ŧŧpűušeoFwbun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
cCúzčrh'aat	cCúzčrh'ai	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
wŋđzŧat	wŋđzŧgalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ndSd,g õlát	ndSd,g õ'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
bd reóš ivhkat	bd reóš ivgašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
éCáyMiat	éCáyMie	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ű-zndva	ű-zndat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
úööđđMÁKit	úööđđMÁKtášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
gRõMöIcRlat	gRõMöIcRaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
šwäaméjat	šwäamédji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vátéläpMót	váéläpMót	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
-cémxčit	-cémxčbáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őšáfjíl	őšáfjíliin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
óčvüiűtzkat	óčvüiűtzaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
eŧA.ácavvit	eŧA.ácvežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
eIíIbx,Ičr	eIíIbx,Ičr	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
äüsúSit	äüsúStášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
Műjá óiSŧt	Műjá óiSŧidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
íŋűé,-taúa	íŋűé,-taúain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
xláiädüúiba	xláiädüúihpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
pŧ cza	pŧ czcain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
žaft-nt	žaft-nt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Rgá, mÁtchčit	Rgá, mÁtcžiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
rbŋpwxoat	rbŋpwxoot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loaci Áóudzúxat	loci Áóudzúxet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
dn. SöuűFmat	dn. SöuűFmkažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ŋjáűúsőlnas	ŋjáűúsőltnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
j'kK'Áéjat	j'kK'Áéjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ö Knúufköyt	ö Knúufköyvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
yäšyäAnŧct	yäšyäAnŧclin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geahíwÁyAuüéit	gehíwÁyAuüédiide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ű óúhoõvat	ű óúhoõažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
sŋőí edšíkt	sŋőí edšíkbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
iéKäSIdna	iéKäSInnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ŋcŧwRí,zt	ŋcŧwRí,zjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rádoxbđót	ráoxbđóžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuocfxű'ŧčSRit	vucfxű'ŧčSRgiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ulžätđ-úF ohčut	ulžätđ-úF žuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
geadn'Rgit	gedn'Rgdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gie'aiŧ'äit	gi'aiŧ'ädiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
.üRyiut	.üRyicoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ušéfAndnednut	ušéfAndnetnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoícpSimhat	čuícpSimhen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játcpklyät	jácpklyäleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
güdIgIpsat	güdIgIpalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óh'újCut	óh'újCrožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
,Cpoüat	,Cpoüet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuobábRöIuáFkit	šubábRöIuáFežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
 o ölđat	 o ölašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
úáŧ,Cíõrut	úáŧ,Cíõuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
F eaújkt	F eaújkba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
AfuCatRSsMa	AfuCatRSsMaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
víőíiMhúw t	víőíiMhúw žeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
üúh fúíit	üúh fúítežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
öl jäit	öl jäetne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ŋzőbőéCkat	ŋzőbőéCkzaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
RerMžyamos	RerMžypmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
yIM-rut	yIM-ron	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čattíäéä,gtt	čatíäéä,gtlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rR.óúŧsat	rR.óúŧažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čiečwŋbiat	čičwŋbiet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
djpsŋžxit	djpsŋžxeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
oŧRkövaiŋÁka	oŧRkövaiŋÁain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ŋŋüiáat	ŋŋüiácalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pšhxgŧ úõ'at	pšhxgŧ úõ'et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
CűuäIit	CűuäIeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
žžöj','xkit	žžöj','xkvežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
äŧ,ű.it	äŧ,ű.dášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋCgizC ŧttit	ŋCgizC ŧtáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
RŧčŧSpt	RŧčŧSpbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dvűyóShat	dvűyóShe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
äwrKRkőut	äwrKRkőgošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
lóIsvpma	lóIsvmat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
bea-ŧvy,Mit	be-ŧvy,Mos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
u-.zCidn	u-.zCidsan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Céwáüúr jlit	láCéwáüúr je	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
caj,íőíŋt	caj,íőíŋi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
üpkKFŧoaa	üpkKFŧoaaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ngön óóõxt	ngön óóõxšit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
fr íó.it	fr íó.oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
I--g.ži	I--g.žriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
Ayŧd'éKdt	Ayŧd'éKdt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
K,yFáčögwat	K,yFáčögwoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
õóÁgőpõKhmđi	õóÁgőpõKhmiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
fäđšőhinõnt	fäđšőhinõnt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
aí'ŧlžat	aí'ŧlžá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
SRíáeFt	SRíáeFhiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
reaSeŋőči	reSeŋőčriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
üíÁz yéMŧt	üíÁz yéMŧt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
I,AMčvđm-oggut	I,AMčvđm-kkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
šCšőht	šCšőht	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
F.pűűšműpit	F.pűűšműpe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
FnáIkn	FnáIkmiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
mRŋíäíAb t	mRŋíäíAb t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ebbőj sydnu	ebbőj synnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
žIuŋ'v.Slat	žIuŋ'v.Sašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ütöáóügüa	ütöáóügüa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
avđzplit	avđzpleidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
fh ŋMit	fh ŋMdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
Iü űCKŋt	Iü űCKŋdin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ŋ  Klšit	ŋ  Klšeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
čpüxfIwit	čpüxfIwan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
wđđk.it	wđđk.eš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ŋŧóáw'sat	ŋŧóáw'ašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
žšmžmCAt	žšmžmCAleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vűüboKzat	vűüboKzgažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
KöŧKé-öi	KöŧKé-öi	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
mkFõedoevŋet	mkFõedoevŋii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ÁgnÁ'Kõi	ÁgnÁ'Kõliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
v,gyŋl	v,gyŋl	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Cgd.-õRrat	Cgd.-õRažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
MwžhimMa	MwžhimMain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
xanõFžFdna	xanõFžFnnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
hröjyđat	hröjyan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jiežéiÁrg,kat	jižéiÁrg,ke	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
k-Iyklat	k-Iykat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čkűjIöčSíút	čkűjIöčSíújit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
öšõrúfit	öšõrúfeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuomsmoIõit	vumsmoIõet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
xKčeívpšKa	xKčeívpšKii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
AIdh'õnCöéabbut	AIdh'õnCöéppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
 ávhđts	 ávhđtssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ióRvmáut	ióRvmárut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ú úhŧái	ú úhŧáiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
'žsu ut	'žsu gožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
CgöúčAfpšhtat	CgöúčAfpšđažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
lxpd-y'a	lxpd-y'sain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čAáážt	čAáážn	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
äReFgbéMSt	äReFgbéMSbu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
jsđ-óut	jsđ-óu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šeaI,cŋfrRÁgéut	šeI,cŋfrRÁgégožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
wléžlIypmi	wléžlIymi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
üyRšCfat	üyRšCa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goaSéčhrgut	goSéčhrgvožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
šrüökibAft	šrüökibAfbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
shtwüoFš	shtwüoFččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
š záđt	š záđbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
éfFf',Iit	éfFf',Iá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
õyIA'-et	õyIA'-ebehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
üífx đríčat	üífx đríčoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doa'CMúöSvFmuut	do'CMúöSvFmuvui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
uCKkžAühõÁit	uCKkžAühõÁtále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
iStavRvat	iStavRašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
 úemMdöamos	 úemMdöpmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŧvijšCwySde	ŧvijšCwySdet	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
sŧuf ű.at	sŧuf ű.e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
covŋpođit	covŋpođgii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šõnđüčäšat	šõnđüčäale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
včsjuCjőänu	včsjuCjőäuide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
lvÁASjKőAit	lvÁASjKőAon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
MŋláF'Keddna	MŋláF'Kednnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
éMxkct	éMxkcba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
-đvpsRrát	-đvpsR'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
éRoõ-avvi	éRoõ-viid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
áFl'ákg glat	áFl'ákg glcan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
éõ ughÁÁmkit	éõ ughÁÁmáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Á-čhSuí dbs	Á-čhSuí dbsain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
žő'íbáäzwmn	žő'íbáäzwmn	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
huS.vüRat	huS.vüRe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Ái,đäbpmeöi	Ái,đäbpmeöri	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
bóõwív.Ia	bóõwív.Iii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
áÁpwós	áÁpwósiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
vtcúeõnI,ut	vtcúeõnI,gošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
üC-Ctbmi	üC-Ctmmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
plčptit	plčpte	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ŋypóuöat	ŋypóuögaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
xapcčráFat	xapcčráFá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
dpMCđgtt	dpMCđgtt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
b'uđcuőcMahcut	b'uđcuőcMzošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
wcíF döSeđđi	wcíF döSđiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
kzmizäzi	kzmizäzái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
AbRíđméfgit	AbRíđméfgeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
včdlnkta	včdlnkaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuox'CrcÁut	vux'CrcÁot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
v'Kžžõoiit	v'Kžžõoidežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
Fótüűasa	Fótüűaain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
űéhakhzt	űéhakhzbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
éRaüCäŋhhgdnut	éRaüCäŋhhgnnoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õčvRzž-at	õčvRzž-kašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
du,Mwpmi	imdu,Mwin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuoíFlSőIit	vuíFlSőIet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
Fhagúu',r't	Fhagúu',r'žetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
pkjeóCKžt	pkjeóCKžime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gád'Áxadöőäövt	gá'Áxadöőäövi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođüh. öRpõt	guüh. öRpõiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
MüoaShta	MüoaSđain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ib-Ikđela	ib-Ikđeaga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
dieč núIšáKlzut	dič núIšáKlzgošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ééíóö,it	ééíóö,eimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 ,uőAšMdyat	 ,uőAšMdyvažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
nđíFxrátCa	nđíFxrátCgat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
SuCSatÁRvit	SuCSatÁRežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
.xíy Aut	.xíy Adoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cAŋ,čwnlat	cAŋ,čwnašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ükbtđ žyođđut	ükbtđ žyđoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SÁujhgRsbis	SÁujhgRsásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oa,ggb t-ut	o,ggb t-ot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fkKSfIgaat	fkKSfIgagašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
őžjKzat	őžjKzbaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
iÁŋiMM žit	iÁŋiMM žet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
mšŧwifwüa	mšŧwifwüa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
čpakjüwtuŧt	čpakjüwtuŧide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
KäcFrdvAit	KäcFrdvAeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
hetCčCbga i	hetCčCbga in	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
FjwčŧdAhakčut	FjwčŧdAhvččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
fsbmvR-ckŋat	fsbmvR-ckŋet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
áM oFäMšŋat	áM oFäMšŋtu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
ibjxvt	ibjxvjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
veahtű óit	vehtű ótežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buowbvöCpCáat	buwbvöCpCáet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
KuCpűbođđit	KuCpűbđežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šeagõwfciut	šegõwfcigožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
nvbCašúzcut	nvbCašúzcos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
Kgmčzit	Kgmčzgále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
đímwcőäIt	đímwcőäIšeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
-exđfõtohki	-exđfõtgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
 ržIxxordnut	 ržIxxrtnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oaiálólpit	oiálólposka	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
úüggőt	úüggői	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
äÁŋkCSit	äÁŋkCSeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
AIgMaŋžtit	AIgMaŋžtvát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
yz pgžjđ-hpat	yz pgžjđ-baše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
,Caäoŧat	,Caäoŧo	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
seazŋűIobat	sezŋűIobo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
früFu-at	früFu-ot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
 .hbMsa	 .hbMaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
íšé.aiäsit	íšé.aiäsa	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ú.Kydaat	ú.Kydaet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
-čbűüdKKűa	-čbűüdKKűvain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
AŋöžRF,sb dni	AŋöžRF,sb nniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
bkuõÁđŧat	bkuõÁđŧdaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ä'.öIhpat	ä'.öIbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
FKtKaFt	FKtKaFžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
íúAF,eyf.it	íúAF,eyf.e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ükŧžzshpat	ükŧžzsbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fnjhd truorus	fnjhd trurrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Sč-wűSbamos	Sč-wűSbpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
ékđSzzúyCut	ékđSzzúyCon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
vča-oFcuhőit	vča-oFcuhődášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
nžŋ l t	nžŋ l žetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goakákőcjőj ut	gokákőcjőj o	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
'.š äíävat	'.š äíävos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
 - ooa	 - ooan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
-Iõõcópu	-Iõõcópui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
hnI Ccäžrát	hnI Ccäž'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jok'Á ŋgat	jovs'Á ŋgale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
slräS-gzt	slräS-gzžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
tKefŧmit	tKefŧmet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
j Miážt	j Miážžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
lFš.pübõfŋt	lFš.pübõfŋle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.djđMéúÁpdat	.djđMéúÁpdkaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧsIgÁktűsäggat	ŧsIgÁktűsäkkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
FsõaMAŧŧt	FsõaMAŧŧt	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
kÁéč őet	kÁéč őiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
wžcbzfűFüi	wžcbzfűFüsiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goar,tMbf.IF-t	go,tMbf.IF-idet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
aMÁš.Sxöüit	aMÁš.Sxöütálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IRoöjúhSut	IRoöjúhSgoleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čRäšk vat	čRäšk aleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fäšgwt	fäšgwdiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
jášy-údäit	jášy-údäeažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
r.mjx-ŧat	r.mjx-ŧe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
üFRŋFslüéa	üFRŋFslüélain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
RKSsCCáõnt	RKSsCCáõngiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
űüäpRkžu	űüäpRkhččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
őŧrhACši	őŧrhACšdis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
chvsőúSb hhcut	chvsőúSb hzožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
úrChciégkt	úrChciégkbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
žIRŋatčt	žIRŋatčjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
üeüIcjšrát	üeüIcjš'ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
l. šuRoófhpat	l. šuRoófbaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
RMhóuKSjit	RMhóuKSjtášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
AbrR.wut	AbrR.wujehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
dđA'h,ye-at	dđA'h,ye-kaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
osääíöxŋSyt	osääíöxŋSyba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
őöŋAéeKőÁt	őöŋAéeKőÁbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
č,lövítb' hka	č,lövítb' ga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
óőŧüéhivat	óőŧüéhiažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
jábíFa	jábíFtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
-ygS,yit	-ygS,ye	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
űuäéygfőat	űuäéygfőet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ž-vwK -nđat	ž-vwK -našeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
apgncat	apgncos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
jŧhdőFüöIat	jŧhdőFüöIet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
hútpjwM'höit	hútpjwM'höot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
cdéíčRúmat	cdéíčRúmu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
áoKIrözFu	áoKIrözFui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
űőjexRuŧŋfat	űőjexRuŧŋfet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
'-R'x-t	'-R'x-žat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
sFg.ŧt	sFg.ŧba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
uMčRtšait	uMčRtšatášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
F arMbõlt	F arMbõlbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
fgbÁnrrc-t	fgbÁnrrc-beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
fui'At	fui'Abeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
i'Khí'it	i'Khí'kát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuo,ágőígéhit	fu,ágőígéhe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
 SÁecmõFkčat	 SÁecmõFvččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bRmičjđz üi	bRmičjđz ütiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
bxwMű-íőlit	bxwMű-íőášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
 'Iŋšűdnu	 'Iŋšűnnuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
aIčmčFhwdtnat	aIčmčFhwdna	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
íoőcŧ-őal	íoőcŧ-őraliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
úecđgzza	úecđgccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
MõMfówáarrut	MõMfówárošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
Möbf t	Möbf še	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
l Sdlf ö'it	l Sdlf ö'težit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
iMzúvõ.Át	iMzúvõ.Át	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
leajCjáŧ tubit	lejCjáŧ tubdiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
dőékSt	dőékSleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hđb S,gõat	hđb S,gõot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
onÁÁrÁdeahkit	onÁÁrÁdegežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
rslräAKIFAt	rslräAKIFAžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
cslAčChu	cslAčChui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
whuő,oóit	whuő,oóášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
,ŋ sűt	,ŋ sűvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
đukaxat	đukaxu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
.ggFžreat	.ggFžretažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
kpMččKđoxsat	kpMččKđox'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
geaűjAznwit	geűjAznwet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
škúgđdnat	škúgđtnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
botŋégé,jáđt	boŋégé,jáđlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uíáFőkt	uíáFőkbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goa űz'dut	go űz'dvuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
đrÁ.cc'at	đrÁ.cc'galeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gé,nSnžRŋt	gé,nSnžRŋdiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
iu öőCkrüddut	iu öőCkrüttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
évšúŧsomAäs	évšúŧsomAäsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
KŧxÁ.út'tjt	KŧxÁ.út'tjjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bieAerivŋőxSäit	biAerivŋőxSäot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
t đyAymäsu	t đyAymäu	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ítIÁ öhčat	ítIÁ öžašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ICđõg,tKčggat	ICđõg,tKčkkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
R hbŧäcr'hpi	R hbŧäcr'biin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
veašóõCknit	vešóõCknoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
iCžcóCt	iCžcóCbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
úoűi it	úoűi kášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
űjčal'űunat	űjčal'űunkai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
e'šwčkSd žit	e'šwčkSd žeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
tApxs rát	tApxs 'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
.bü-úCIAt	.bü-úCIAdiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
lždk ut	lždk os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
xžtčzneŋnit	xžtčzneŋngálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pžóčjs	pžóčjsa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ršuđőõAŋpmat	ršuđőõAŋmažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
óxípíÁkti	óxípíÁvttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
zztAs Cs	zztAs Csas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ebF-hrsba	ebF-hrsbain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
RűCC.õŋddu	RűCC.õŋttus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
  ŋöIič ŧt	  ŋöIič ŧjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
bíiIóRéáš,vat	bíiIóRéáš,aleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 AF'đj,Iyáat	 AF'đj,Iyáet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
Alyöubmat	Alyöummažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
álveSkli	álveSkiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buožéüšcwűMuut	bužéüšcwűMudolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úcíKgzAt	úcíKgzAt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
žsmšššn	žsmšššmiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
-soFaóđčCfammut	-soFaóđčCfmmoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
üŋ,iŋõö,t	üŋ,iŋõö,lit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ö',gcabbut	ö',gcppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ökyŋFdpžiut	ökyŋFdpžio	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ődÁŋžwzhkKktit	ődÁŋžwzhkKvttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Á,or.jwCIét	Á,or.jwCIéžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
rbsbšoűčtit	rbsbšoűčežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
 ,K'Át	 ,K'Ávččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čie'dzáčfÁat	či'dzáčfÁen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
nrűrér čat	nrűrér ažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
üžŋõsgd Mit	üžŋõsgd Mihkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
cjčüvfébAit	cjčüvfébAdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
fučAxljut	fučAxjošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
yűeä ddit	yűeä ttášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
CđsISŧRucut	CđsISŧRuožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
áIRpiCKit	áIRpiCKet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
éilnčcŧvúbit	éilnčcŧvúbeappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
FFšKKóaäut	FFšKKóaäguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
zéijpsjvéa	zéijpsjvégain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
žófftđuv dnat	žófftđuv tnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
émkúŋat	émkúŋá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
üfIb Mplát	üfIb Mp'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
õCbfp.eht	õCbfp.ehše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
RöKxxK,äpat	RöKxxK,äalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
črržRta,t	črržRta,jehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
đeköžat	đeköžos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
Áx that	Áx thkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vŋSčmlvit	vŋSčmlvi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ŧówtüAÁoidni	ŧówtüAÁinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
 mõbđúőÁmat	 mõbđúőÁmgalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Kjrűh.fbpt	Kjrűh.fbpjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guoIktaógKFunat	guIktaógKFunet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
.vüvbt	.vüvbbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
,úsykgžyőlat	,úsykgžyőažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
mscvIčhkat	mscvIčgašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
whKűddnáde	etniidwhKűdtte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
díFFuévaveat	díFFuévavei	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
kclSrat	kclSrá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
asKwÁčK amkcut	asKwÁčK amvccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
-óčóSRžõja	-óčóSRžõjan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
uóö'ŧt	uóö'ŧvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čkRhõdõt	čkRhõdõbuin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
üŧcIMzŧtešit	üŧcIMzŧteštášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
'a'jöFčaőit	'a'jöFčaőeappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
xtuŧz-nöít	xtuŧz-nöíba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
űíđeveCéölut	űíđeveCéö'lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
Crugõwŋđg-a	Crugõwŋđg-sain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ččű õsnkt	ččű õsnkba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cadxeuđűt	caxeuđűt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaxőú.õut	rexőú.õrožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
čcMxRfÁit	čcMxRfÁtežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luoéűh,f.ítit	luéűh,f.íii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ožčšög.t	ožčšög.behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
eiõCvsat	eiõCvažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
yj,izját	yj,izjábus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ajúlõ õCjmtna	ajúlõ õCjmnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
šsđŋ űaõđűt	šsđŋ űaõđűt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
űüšxhgx,F đit	űüšxhgx,F ášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
samšlCíeübmat	samšlCíeümmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
daddASž j.t	dadASž j.žit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
mpcíäSAat	mpcíäSAgai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
mcfőxK.ut	mcfőxK.tole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zgju.KrkIat	zgju.KrkIoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧmv Á.nađmt	ŧmv Á.nađmbuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
,CKž'jat	,CKž'jen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
öŋžrŧt	öŋžrŧjehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
őuAKŋCkt	őuAKŋCki	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
sjáŧKRut	sjáŧKRšožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
yžäISihčit	yžäISižii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
oSnwóúehki	oSnwóúegiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
í-R éúűč,urat	í-R éúűč,uašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
-šS-uwa	-šS-uwsaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
sšjkÁõat	sšjkÁõkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yr.ráánäs	yr.ráánässii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
MpRMé-ht	MpRMé-hbu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
tpđFnõj'Cvat	tpđFnõj'Cažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
-cAđõ-argut	-cAđõ-rggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őändCut	őändCduidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
zavé-xčéuđit	zavé-xčéuđehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋzŧúM.küFhggut	ŋzŧúM.küFhkkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űzpkúFüi	űzpkúFüdiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
-ey őÁgyalli	-ey őÁgyliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
twehcCjabbut	twehcCjppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
aFdkzFüi	aFdkzFübit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Ap swrAhcat	Ap swrAzažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ŋfgeKf'zCvš	ŋfgeKf'zCvžžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boa.üvtÁjyŋ-it	bo.üvtÁjyŋ-dii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧzlügžrat	ŧzlügžaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Igj,čaöit	Igj,čaöe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuoR.õzõCit	čuR.õzõCos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
hspgwó,jFÁit	hspgwó,jFÁdáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
éõaeđéit	éõaeđéu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
. hzrSamos	. hzrSpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
báÁÁšu	báÁÁšu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
uŧpiuat	uŧpiugale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohc-ekRđAvMt	oz-ekRđAvMšin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
AöüóäéibÁdjut	AöüóäéibÁjo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
žö,yeü jt	žö,yeü jbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
á ršpcAMIeat	á ršpcAMIevašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
úiojüsat	úiojüaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
č-Aónkčat	č-Aónvččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 grämŋihcat	 grämŋizalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fŧudcočhtit	fŧudcočđášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
reabđšídut	rebđšídoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
Áíűüvüõvotit	Áíűüvüõvoáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
c.kđpíat	c.kđpíet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
wtőjnMyetat	wtőjnMyean	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoxu,o'gíuíyut	čuxu,o'gíuíyo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
lRä'pu-őaibmut	lRä'pu-őimmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
veaómáK'yöMti	veómáK'yöMtgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
'Cõrt'bfddat	'Cõrt'bfttaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
pŧá lFäü,a	pŧá lFäü,đamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ŋvIäűlgÁba	ŋvIäűlgÁban	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
CSčltit	CSčltdále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rw-ŧCjsiallut	rw-ŧCjsilošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuov KcKeAmlut	vuv KcKeAmlkoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Itk'r.at	Itk'r.et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Iím.h đíFt	Iím.h đíFt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Kwőäéűühcut	Kwőäéűüzuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ŋMkpkcxjt	ŋMkpkcxjža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
RŧööpnplÁ'kit	RŧööpnplÁ'ežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
jAsgűpmi	jAsgűmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
é šú,ŋí ki	é šú,ŋí is	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
 t ükórat	 t ükóaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
I-šdeoi	I-šdeoin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
mswAxeÁuit	mswAxeÁutiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
FAŧdŧűrat	FAŧdŧűalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ömlFzIndújvat	ömlFzIndújašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joaöMäŋöjnÁit	joöMäŋöjnÁot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ÁRpdyvt	ÁRpdyvbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
,äb-šAggat	,äb-šAkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bnrzzjyRwut	bnrzzjyRwvun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
he clžhkit	he clžgáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
iiõtRđlat	iiõtRđažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
müKKxúseit	müKKxúsetášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guoÁrsxoŋ c,at	guÁrsxoŋ c,et	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
IgšŧwõúeCi	IgšŧwõúeCiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
AldđCt	AldđCbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧncKedna	ŧncKenna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŧnčür'FAŋžat	ŧnčür'FAŋžon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
tKswt,amos	tKswt,pmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
äöóüwIülat	äöóüwIü'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
cvé čMt	cvé čMbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
w  ŧsäswt	w  ŧsäswbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
mšjf rbSvhadjit	ejmšjf rbSvhžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
eíđpsjit	eíđpsjtášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
põíŋđwgűüit	põíŋđwgűüe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
í,éášoCügit	í,éášoCügdáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
KõjbÁúkéáa	KõjbÁúkéáat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
žpcrkplji	žpcrkpji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
chbđõ sargŋut	chbđõ srkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luoziübhfűáit	luziübhfűátii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ööwAnvúéiIhpat	ööwAnvúéiIbaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žü,sA äŧigŋat	žü,sA äŧikŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
pyđerw.đit	pyđerw.đgežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čFw užügat	čFw užügoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ő ApdKržbjit	ő ApdKržbjdášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
úžv,g pa	úžv,g as	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ilőŋ-š	ilőŋ-ččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ž.äk'xír ücis	ž.äk'xír üáin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
eASvőčKíhkat	eASvőčKígašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
zőFh.at	zőFh.dat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
 nRíäöxKoat	 nRíäöxKozašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
bax mAážwt	bax mAážwttain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
k-toöfRljđkŋat	k-toöfRljđŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
cezőnCpđűat	cezőnCpđűdažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
heaóŋő-rđkč óut	heóŋő-rđkč óguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
IF-lMäóat	IF-lMäóda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
õA-AKait	õA-AKaet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
kMdéöt	kMdéöleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šhüóICúüt	šhüóICúüt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
iäRtvSrla	iäRtvSra	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roaiI-'hŧ it	roiI-'hŧ e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
lssibRc'gxat	lssibRc'gxdaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
K-Ixeeelat	K-Ixeeealeigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zRíäFvyAóoat	zRíäFvyAóoka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
õpysjRš,dci	õpysjRš,dit	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ílđóšđ'ühAa	ílđóšđ'ühAii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
äoMoúõiđSeat	äoMoúõiđSeet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
d Räžwnu	d Räžwnun	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
űrjuMáđaurat	űrjuMáđaualeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rlCCfni	rlCCfnái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
KđöCRMjbűit	KđöCRMjbűet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
dCíäbxt	dCíäbxvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
äAíbAžűűt	äAíbAžűűdis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
mAnAkđMMecit	mAnAkđMMeceidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŧwču,ppÁltat	ŧwču,ppÁltiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
áSFdölyvát	áSFdöly'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
žmrSűčit	žmrSűčeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
áFyj'k.at	áFyj'k.baleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čfíMáMxhkit	čfíMáMxgežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
xõŧlAűúfit	xõŧlAűúfi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juoAÁoül,ut	juAÁoül,buidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧbMžswtčFogŋat	ŧbMžswtčFokŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vfđű.fCtSddat	vfđű.fCtSttale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,i tlt	,i tlvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ybCáäööit	ybCáäööeappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
žđü uARrat	žđü uARa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boakAFőőúŋut	bokAFőőúŋdolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nuukIdi 'a	nuukIdi 'a	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
RfjzlŧF iat	RfjzlŧF itaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoaípChSÁi	čoípChSÁgiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
áFfkMt	áFfkMbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
xőúFzéRt	xőúFzéRše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
núFmRíit	núFmRíibehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
üőzÁpdAhpat	üőzÁpdAbaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Kik-őMosča	Kik-őMosčan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
naš' t	naš' šii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
'oŋoufxžuFit	'oŋoufxžuFeappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
uav '.ŋoit	uav '.ŋoi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
 öhmõuAébat	 öhmõuAébgan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ÁRIetat	ÁRIeti	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ghCidSejšat	ghCidSejškaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
xzSMuópõta	xzSMuópõttaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
őCCliúőis	őCCliúőtásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
iÁarM,rat	iÁarM,ašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
amŋxw atit	amŋxw aežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
žmző-acrÁit	žmző-acrÁeappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
šöđunR.Fvat	šöđunR.Falit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
j äjóRát	j äjóRáža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
-iűđü.t	-iűđü.t	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
öuxRhč,Cpjput	öuxRhč,Cpjut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
-prI.C.s	-prI.C.sa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
wc..ÁFhIamos	wc..ÁFhIpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
šjvnvpč-ŧ.lit	šjvnvpč-ŧ.áše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
.ópCxčgyđat	.ópCxčgyđot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
óŋžrhpit	óŋžrhpet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuoói Cjit	vuói Cjet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
pfxbúvÁSimmas	pfxbúvÁSibmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
žõRiőt	žõRiőba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
co ShöŧSlat	cokkalei ShöŧSla	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ówF léit	ówF létiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
céoüõt	céoüõžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
Myzbp Rpovssu	Myzbp Rpksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ritSzí,t	ritSzí,šii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
đéšŋrla	đéšŋra	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
pöšűčpčpurŧa	pöšűčpčpuraide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
xt'm čat	xt'm alit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Mlí ŧmzgoggut	Mlí ŧmzgkkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
,ÁóűKűAsxsat	,ÁóűKűAsxset	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
hŋuöxóšat	hŋuöxóašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
üfRwégi	üfRwégin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
 jA.veédt	 jA.veédidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋoefvut	ŋoefvdožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
óŧmmMtwsat	óŧmmMtwai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
e grmhut	e grmhos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
heao aCAMäut	heo aCAMägožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
wKyhybi	wKyhybái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
mIxaIt	mIxaIt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Samäkxwbit	Samäkxwbdáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ttózcxéoüIa	ttózcxéoüIa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buohűđüxd,uit	buhűđüxd,uen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
cÁuKđspawt	cÁuKđspawbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuo Mí aSgfhčut	ču Mí aSgfhčkuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
IlőybuűC mhpat	IlőybuűC mbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
äaseAt	äaseAba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
sóŧyAüádtdnit	sóŧyAüádtnniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cadaAkdChäaoöt	caaAkdChäaoöžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
nI  ait	nI  aebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
zSgFSa	zSgFSaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
hgA-Aõúdŋŧdna	hgA-Aõúdŋŧnnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
dzxd.lát	dzxd.'lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
y õŋ.kštta	y õŋ.kšddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
rár úótut	rár úóošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dip v F'jääntt	di v F'jääntžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
ktcCuKka	ktcCuKka	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
-xŋšgit	-xŋšgon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
Áúlšds	Áúlšds	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
d.őjÁhkat	d.őjÁgašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
RdkCyiÁfat	RdkCyiÁažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
áé-egaggut	áé-egkkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
õdd.áčőa	õdd.áčőa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
oüxúfIAit	oüxúfIAehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
tuRÁcat	tuRÁcon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
j,oÁSasučbbi	j,oÁSasučppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
'u Álúit	'u Álúi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
diüíđdvttir	diüíđdktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dieđy.jzut	diđy.jzbošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
űčróäK dar	űčróäK dkariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
-zõMámIú-tna	-zõMámIú-na	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
nmIüőMű.Raikut	nmIüőMű.Rikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mŧfőúit	mŧfőúi	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
-đaK.MSat	-đaK.MSkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wsFyŧammut	wsFyŧmmot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
-moŋÁadna	-moŋÁannain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
seahüúgíá enut	sehüúgíá enoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
  űtűjäahcut	  űtűjäzoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Sbüičt	Sbüičgain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
'Féhxöõi	'Féhxöõái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ögeyM-oŋŋit	ögeyM-oŋŋon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doaIzrjöyw,i-ut	doIzrjöyw,i-vošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
loknoCúvkt	lovtnoCúvkime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
dü ee it	dü ee táleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'rÁšbMft	'rÁšbMfjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
éSžkéút	éSžkéúle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IžŋFpSep.Ccat	IžŋFpSep.Cažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
g-jgrat	g-jgrkažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
h-AcIaađat	h-AcIaađe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuodwŋőđvõőt	vuwŋőđvõőiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
mukmžboit	mukmžboežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
CsedűočFboat	CsedűočFbooset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
e läISv íÁpmas	e läISv íÁbmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
afxIípat	afxIípvaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Ccđúulit	Ccđúuleappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
íFpyzcűđkt	íFpyzcűđkba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
yŧrúõđs	yŧrúõđsin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gik.ó-snKt	givs.ó-snKleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ää-nzfddut	ää-nzfttuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
eä ücvat	eä ücale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žrŧkvööCyt	žrŧkvööCyga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
KSđálüoláut	KSđálüoláboleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
žaei iöt	žaei iöba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
bxõe Moűú-t	bxõe Moűú-n	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čienRóCüe ójóat	činRóCüe ójóet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
õFtxöIyMit	õFtxöIyMkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Aš..šCÁűíuut	Aš..šCÁűíuložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
oróSrngvt	oróSrngvdiid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
 .hóč.bat	 .hóč.bat	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ő fís ŧűóret	ő fís ŧűórii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
gehkoäSut	gehkoäScolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.šwFst	.šwFst	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
íá'wckhta	íá'wckđaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
KMáfnsbmat	KMáfnsmmaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Fcŋe.oóAít	Fcŋe.oóAížit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
RÁbk-äit	RÁbk-äeažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
 cknn,at	 cknn,á	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
C hsCéíűpuvat	C hsCéíűpuaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
šóns,,hkat	šóns,,gažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suoRxMAMőit	suRxMAMőet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
riéAõöFsšat	riebažéAõöFsšet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
žjä'dvz,.đkcut	žjä'dvz,.đvcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
Á,ibcf M,űba	Á,ibcf M,űhpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
säKđöyóFvóahci	säKđöyóFvóziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čeatxpxčKFSMat	četxpxčKFSMon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
 kfučlõeÁrát	 kfučlõeÁ'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
äS-bAiõžowvat	äS-bAiõžowašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
epCtxFőS t	epCtxFőS še	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
íkđFdát it	íkđFdát táleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gäzÁs rat	gäzÁs aleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
üs.Küŧršüwkčat	üs.Küŧršüwvččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
wéCőeéhmit	wéCőeéhmdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
köšőuzakcut	köšőuzvccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dadzyéađt	dazyéađšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
clw nit	clw noset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
p.Azäi	p.Azäin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
CwüIvrla	CwüIvraid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Aűóezjlőit	Aűóezjlőeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
õödChíat	õödChíat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
  FoAxí eua	  FoAxí eula	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
nIFnSšat	nIFnSaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fIÁMp,bh,it	fIÁMp,bh,an	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
 tđ óKpšut	 tđ óKpšgoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
SéatnIl t	SéatnIl buid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
cxxđč,võglit	cxxđč,võglos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
mfjöor	mfjöoriin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
,Awf.at	,Awf.galin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
IsbüeFait	IsbüeFaeiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
žipü--tnit	žipü--nežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧgFűonáöčõat	ŧgFűonáöčõdaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čc-ű't	čc-ű'šeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ögrvŋSpsedjat	ögrvŋSpsdjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
öúCzž-šš	öúCzž-šččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
RpŧeKíhot	RpŧeKíhobehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
üxvu w ovit	üxvu w oále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muoö-féiõit	muö-féiõoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
uöä'uiŋit	uöä'uiŋet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
é Fxŋđgas	é Fxŋđasa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
tRósR,,ŋa	tRósR,,ŋlaid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
MKöfíursit	MKöfíursat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
afíiKt	afíiKšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átsSiá 'féut	ásSiá 'féuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
CŋűR,úút	CŋűR,úún	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
öđt'vet	öđt'viidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋF ,čIoFt	ŋF ,čIoFšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
bgdRzRnut	bgdRzRnos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuoÁáybšut	čuÁáybškožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
Möé Káõleigut	Möé Káõliggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jűlöxKdnádet	etniinjűlöxKttet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
t. éuágt	t. éuágšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boaht-gžhCäőnut	boht-gžhCäőnduimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
e.ižgäíäkčat	e.ižgäíäkaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
zyäípŋknÁőit	zyäípŋknÁődášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
 őnhdš .đit	 őnhdš .ášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
iüoSjt	iüoSjleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
turmkógsut	turmkógsdut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
rKK,đnlat	rKK,đnašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oöűjäzžásat	oöűjäzžáaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ö-yeüjAđfit	ö-yeüjAđfeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
crdűm it	crdűm ežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ASnbuüuCvfš	ASnbuüuCvfččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
tőórRčut	tőórRčdošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
möwűkyt	möwűkyžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
e.gvAiyiödljut	e.gvAiyiödjožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
oälmr öjt	oälmr öjvččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
ŧűlókRačtŋr	ŧűlókRačtŋra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
R-lódAF őat	R-lódAF őá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
úorkzhci	úorkzzi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Ahű-spRühpat	Ahű-spRübat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
 xvűCK.allut	 xvűCK.loleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
M'õRúlat	M'õRúažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
öjywhnzr	öjywhnzra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
KrđlMmđkpt	KrđlMmđkpt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
bhMö.üt	bhMö.üt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieüí'űő at	čiüí'űő et	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ókitžÁőkKska	ókitžÁőkKneaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
úđetgxoit	úđetgxoi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ésf'éđat	ésf'éđet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
RpmFKŋűőKt	RpmFKŋűőKjin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
m. žja	m. žjan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boőúüMlat	boőúüMaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űäž Fóit	űäž Fóos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
zđInníMt	zđInníMjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
MűflRinat	MűflRinkale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íIéöšgrat	íIéöšgaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
duwáž KKSit	duwáž KKSebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
Kđ jõyFSocut	Kđ jõyFSoošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
plxíkrut	plxíko	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
MAIcKIusa	MAIcKIusat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Ijđkúja  áit	Ijđkúja  áon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
pjäŋkõäit	pjäŋkõäan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
imhilKCit	imhilKCeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
xjS,..eat	xjS,..ekaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
'šéhŧtelát	'šéhŧte'láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
srCFlvš	srCFlvžiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
xblődat	xblőddažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
'Faáiope.hkat	'Faáiope.gažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
nžFSŧűrat	nžFSŧűat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
wŧFgaŋűóži	wŧFgaŋűóžjit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
txSőpdkvópggut	txSőpdkvópkkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
jkiKmSúiFíš	jkiKmSúiFíža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
uw,RAŋŋá-t	uw,RAŋŋá-t	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
tMfgäõippga	ole tMfgäõippgnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ŋj-éööIáki	ŋj-éööIáeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
üöművdMea	üöművdMekoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
s érvata	olisit s érvannut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
öfyšúä	öfyšúkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
áõöb Ciía	olemme áõöb Ciíeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
öxKCilmnen	öxKCilmsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ÁléS üAsüa	ÁléS üAsüoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Föűtmnen	Föűtmsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
,iäuíŋAđli	,iäuíŋAđlilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
éAáűÁluđžuä	olisi éAáűÁluđžunyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
éšlCRŧö	éšlCRŧöitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
bgšõgi	bgšõgeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
 cíüAbuSKu	 cíüAbuSKuna	N;FRML;SG;finnish
íüRl zIšo	íüRl zIšoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
íűCdoyAsä	älkööt íűCdoyAskö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
ŋwSlléžwtdä	ŋwSlléžwtdisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
dwpŧč.,Sa	ei dwpŧč.,Snut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
äc.MRäwtAna	älköön äc.MRäwtAnko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
shénFeCúai	shénFeCúaien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Aa Ahtšs	Aa Ahtšs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
šŧxõfczŋMja	šŧxõfczŋMja	V;NFIN;finnish
AüFaó'eCŋMlä	älköön AüFaó'eCŋMkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
üíCaCi	üíCaCissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
zŧđõFni	zŧđõFnilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
gžCfa,ía	lienee gžCfa,ítu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
d Afđadtyä	älköön d Afđaddyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
,,wüöä	olisi ,,wüöty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
ú njnčjđäla	emme liene ú njnčjđälneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
xjoeŋni	xjoeŋnista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
đõÁböűóe	đõÁböűóeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
i'đugKSlnen	i'đugKSlsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
žődIõta	žődIõnille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
-KrR.SwK a	-KrR.SwK oiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
íhRoÁõõyđtaa	ette íhRoÁõõyđa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
scxkdjúSs	scxkdjúSdelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
.üul-Iki	.üul-Ieille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
MInčíüata	en MInčíükaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŋzéžMčűCä	on ŋzéžMčűCnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ŋšnFđFa	et ŋšnFđFne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
xű fkti	xű fkilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
éáIõfSa	éáIõfSoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
őü-õxla	älkäämme őü-õxko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
vóbRcnõyegi	vóbRcnõyegien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
oé.säsáyt	oé.säsáeisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
sigíkŋŧhI a	olisin sigíkŋŧhI nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
äypfRa	äypfRkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ASeuÁegbda	ei ollut ASeuÁegbdut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
đ fõKCä	đ fõKCästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
Iõáaüi	Iõáaüeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
újélvnIka	újélvnIkassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ržtőkíđss	ržtőkíđsdet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
cőžfkžjhCnen	cőžfkžjhCsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
 üdzcüídóa	olin  üdzcüídónut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
éđxgítaa	éđxgíettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
veFučRRóÁ,ta	ette veFučRRóÁ,nneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
rõ wöfyReää	älköön rõ wöfyReettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
žCčšS,wknk	žCčšS,wknkeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
lđíc-.űa	älkäämme lđíc-.űko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
kz,ífC 'úda	olen kz,ífC 'údnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
s-vóäta	ei s-vóäta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
dömpzpõhšéata	ette dömpzpõhšépaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
gžŧ boIŧõä	lienemme gžŧ boIŧõneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
a- šŋka	a- šŋoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
fŧAčhzgimä	en ole fŧAčhzgimnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
gClMääüä	lienet gClMääünyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennäífpfoŧyen	menivätífpfoŧyen	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ú anwäKaa	ú anwäKi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
üíofslhäa	eivät üíofslhäne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
áKčÁuta	lienemme áKčÁunneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
R,-a.ls	R,-a.lksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
éžŧaoee',Áa	éžŧaoee',Áaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
w.-ynŧtaa	w.-ynŧettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
ígüuiahzyi	ígüuiahzyille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
őx,dni	őx,dni	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ŋõőcIsCjiõä	ŋõőcIsCjiõiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
póaCáii	póaCáiiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
gvAur'h-č-a	gvAur'h-č-oina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
üđűvkxuRi	üđűvkxuReja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
dKađõCcíä	älköön olko dKađõCcítty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
ŋŧrkđršImui	ŋŧrkđršImuia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
đtvIpmas	đtvIppailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Iŋ mŋSm i	Iŋ mŋSm issä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
wzélűé,a	ette olisi wzélűé,neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
šöF,áli	šöF,álea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ob.ŧnCAzxčy	ob.ŧnCAzxčy	N;NOM;SG;finnish
.CkyuIs	.CkyuIksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
r CgAüčtä	eivät olisi r CgAüčnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
Fŋžphä tajuntansa	Fŋžphkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
aőw,m ŧlti	aőw,m ŧlille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
r'xMyglFÁs	r'xMyglFÁkset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
őóačvhAa	őóačvhAoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
yMs ä,w'nen	yMs ä,w'sella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋfÁ ŧö.Aes	ŋfÁ ŧö.Aedellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
č zdMaűüűa	ei liene č zdMaűüűttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
rKjCkkégMfi	rKjCkkégMfeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
aõđxmti	aõđxmtia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
á.uwöÁa	en ole á.uwöÁnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
áõSméta	áõSméava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
űutI'ldva	űutI'ldvit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
fžä wMöa	lienen fžä wMönut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
I.žčišeyne	I.žčišeynkeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
slűžKgtä	älkäämme olko slűžKgnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
eóŋRdz'kvpnen	eóŋRdz'kvpsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
aC-FpéAsnen	aC-FpéAssin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
aegóms	aegómksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
,RAswkta	,RAswksin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŋ čžöru-tu	ŋ čžöru-duin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
Mzžl zftyä	Mzžl zfnytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
lKyIjrfi	lKyIjrfi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
đžúűűžFpF-ä	ette đžúűűžFpF-isi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
zeAj.iKa	zeAj.iKa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
eFfäőŧa	olisitte eFfäőŧneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
 Ipá,ka	 Ipá,alle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
vrvoódna	vrvoódnoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
cdä.dđbxh i	cdä.dđbxh ille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
í,MlSáÁtaa	ei í,MlSáÁettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
úCekéáv.a	olimme úCekéáv.neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
dáča ŧfdűKaa	oli dáča ŧfdűKettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
SFl'k'ti	SFl'k'teitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ŧF,-íypÁ.xa	ŧF,-íypÁ.xi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
nžgAngo	nžgAngoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
'lhAh jua	ei ole 'lhAh junut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
šuCmđüa	šuCmđüaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
jpčh.úvhi	jpčh.úvheille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
üž RóMmtbi	üž RóMmtbille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
gxzCzű-röeda	et gxzCzű-röenut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
KűvndoIi	KűvndoIiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
oC ',tő'Iča	oC ',tő'Ičkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
wlwni e	wlwni teet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
amvhAččbüa	ette olisi amvhAččbüneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
đőúžhM'to	đőúžhM'dot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
íóí.va	ei olisi íóí.vnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
rvfő  SéoStää	on rvfő  SéoSetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
jittšsvfFnen	jittšsvfFsestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
rávüõigúSo	rávüõigúSoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
hbKa'íAtä	olkaamme hbKa'íAnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Áŋűhás	Áŋűhás	N;ACC;SG;finnish
-RAštõđré,a	-RAštõđré,a	V;NFIN;finnish
nzyđ,-lžRu	nzyđ,-lžRujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
cp'vánä	cp'vánät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
űüefnli	űüefnleinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
dlŧmätwxcga	dlŧmätwxcgat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
KjakdtM'ókda	ei olisi KjakdtM'óktu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
ym'wöi a	olen ym'wöi nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
zA-õmú'a	zA-õmú'ojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ksŧáŋd űta	ei ksŧáŋd űnne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
RSrzátjujha	ei RSrzátjujhisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
ceMlk,lűüa	et ceMlk,lűüut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
MjűnskozFla	MjűnskozFtaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
iovzŧ, ka	iovzŧ, an	N;GEN;SG;finnish
'kMhxŧÁhü ta	olivat 'kMhxŧÁhü nneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ísóõõRõn	ísóõõRõn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
yíkCéžs	yíkCéžs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
RIŋőšüs.taa	RIŋőšüs.ramme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
nő.,vaxFuba	nő.,vaxFuboista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Mí,õFäupbőy	Mí,õFäupbőyittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
-CS,nwgtua	-CS,nwgduttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
léőxlu ta	ei léőxlu se	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
zitö čő Ca	ette zitö čő Ce	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
űbyIpAs	űbyIpAs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
íäufCeIŧs	íäufCeIŧksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
írčüčbúa	olivat írčüčbúneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
rŧtggSjoöa	rŧtggSjoöissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
Áőőtmkta	Áőőtmkamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
öMsgónen	öMsgóset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
sčéüyti	sčéüyeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
zsmÁsxűRgtä	zsmÁsxűRgtnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
ŧöúdŋuvua	et ŧöúdŋuvu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
fxkR'dä	olimme fxkR'neet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
éRóAúűd'äeo	éRóAúűd'äeona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
vÁFSi'ŋíMi	vÁFSi'ŋíMit	N;NOM;PL;finnish
šFdlvxäšä	et ole šFdlvxäšnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
,óhoIÁ'Fxőa	emme ,óhoIÁ'Fxőneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
Saóhđxi	Saóhđxein	N;INS;PL;finnish
őneškÁa	olit őneškÁnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
dÁhlwÁÁ íti	dÁhlwÁÁ ínit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
üö-ő a	älkää olko üö-ő neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
wgxkíäđa	wgxkíäđitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
čbmF'tnnä	emme olleet čbmF'tnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
tv,uzŧva	eivät olleet tv,uzŧvneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
,őwIÁa	,őwIÁoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
éf ,cyzđnä	emme éf ,cyzđnne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
wjőpúŋu	wjőpúŋuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
c',õxčažgss	c',õxčažgsksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
upIgmwõs	upIgmwõksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
dõ  č'úa	dõ  č'únemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
nučőCvyööli	nučőCvyööleillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
läüAúFfužda	en ollut läüAúFfužnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
dMfMwínyia	dMfMwínyian	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ŋÁ'őKŋöAűa	ŋÁ'őKŋöAűat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
äüõuta	olit äüõutnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
biđrúyjMMs	biđrúyjMMkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
'žíiőböxa	et ole 'žíiőböxnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
äéw,b'czõóka	äéw,b'czõóassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
bCeSthdóaxtää	bCeSthdóaxrettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
I'ymfÁ'Fgra	en liene I'ymfÁ'Fgrnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
SonÁhnčórä	eivät olleet SonÁhnčórneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
zrhAÁíä	olette zrhAÁíeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
A'bb gézúőa	A'bb gézúőat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Cžpöehtä	Cžpöehnästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
uRűAFida	uRűAFin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
čöFxeŋhŋ s lähisukulaisten kesken	čöFxeŋhŋ deksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
kwanzj.Ita	kwanzj.Innemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
čđ höžnaűžaa	ei liene čđ höžnaűžettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
p,ŋiza	p,ŋizoilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
íđCStówa	ei ole íđCStówut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
šőxdõjko	šőxdõjoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
yšIe FMi	yšIe FMeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ékspúđnen	ékspúđsta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
Irúŧ-ä	Irúŧ-isitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
KymŋlečínStaa	KymŋlečínSdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
n'ÁApäIš-a	n'ÁApäIš-a	N;ACC;SG;finnish
éi áŧlno	éi áŧlnoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
hríä.nu	hríä.nista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
-,bmSše	-,bmSšteineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
šünfKbr.taa	šünfKbr.ettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
ÁAmyKõo	ÁAmyKõolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
z'šdõFösa	z'šdõFösoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
mo žrlnen	mo žrlsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
Ső- xa	lienette Ső- xneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
čđđ-iMbböi	čđđ-iMbböista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
Róčjš lka	Róčjš lat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
íhöášáú Aa	íhöášáú Ain	N;INS;PL;finnish
 pfaőa.a	 pfaőa.oja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ÁuxóiúMo	ÁuxóiúMon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ŋŋ'äržR Rŧu	ŋŋ'äržR Rŧun	N;GEN;SG;finnish
údžüznen	údžüzsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ébóÁlbr	ébóÁlbrille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
tRétSčbška	tRétSčbšalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
vŧdoha	vŧdohasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ICCmŧAõőfza	ICCmŧAõőfzilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ŋSsõfoda	ŋSsõfotakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
vsr-MShAgzä	ei ole vsr-MShAgznyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ížnMt,óa	lienet ížnMt,ónut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
űíAäwfa	űíAäwfassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
őkKcAőti	őkKcAőnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
 MáíAKItua	ei ollut  MáíAKIduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
Súh-SoAta	olin Súh-SoAnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ű n,jCo	ű n,jCoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
dašöaeeúóái	dašöaeeúóáeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
itóížRota	itóížRoee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
lűllűwxola	lűllűwxokaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
úSR.žíFäIlda	ei úSR.žíFäIlne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
äéaišfa	äéaišfa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
lxoCkuo	lxoCkuoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
 léóžšmFüme	 léóžšmFümeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
meŧieaika	meŧieajalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
oš.Fűta	et ollut oš.Fűnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
őSáf,ämüR.o	őSáf,ämüR.o	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ÁÁA ŋa	ÁÁA ŋnen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
SžíSúáCpo	SžíSúáCoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
xučšöúIűi	xučšöúIűia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
hŋKš'ä	eivät hŋKš'isi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
Kpkhyljptúi	Kpkhyljptúeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
 ,FFpčt azi	 ,FFpčt azit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kCiM.zna	kCiM.znat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
MhúbAúöbRa	et MhúbAúöbRne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
űídášó-kééi	űídášó-kééeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
Rpmúlnen	Rpmúlsessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ŧsšhy šéfo	ŧsšhy šéfolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Fŧž,elóAűa	oli Fŧž,elóAűtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
 zžeC úta	ovat  zžeC únneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
h dáódzűcÁat	h dáódzűcÁilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
bSíšpmiIvu	bSíšpmiIvuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
AtŋbApvi	AtŋbApvin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ŋŋpvwexAőúellä	ei ŋŋpvwexAőútele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
đxnlc,n,a	đxnlc,n,oille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
.bŧgAkvla	olkoon .bŧgAkvlut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
rAőŧhdőc-'taa mieleensä	ei rAőŧhdőc-'ettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
 cŋštoö	 cŋštoöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
očMgAmjwda	ei ollut očMgAmjwtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
hčvfŧpäty	hčvfŧpätyä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
íštjäcs	íštjäcsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
iíű  ,yúki	iíű  ,yúkeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
üx gučda	olisimme üx gučneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
bÁŋkűellä	bÁŋkűtelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
KdéCCatua	ei KdéCCaduta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
nšoa-äí.ä	nšoa-äí.net	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
'žŋetvMyIa	'žŋetvMyIassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
a.íCnA'Krtaa	a.íCnA'Krdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
.ŧówFäácoti	.ŧówFäácotissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
õconKöúžõlki	õconKöúžõleista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
MmF.óšoi	MmF.óšoeissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
né,áűeÁRöa	emme ole né,áűeÁRöneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
 ečbmtwöíús	 ečbmtwöíús	N;ACC;SG;finnish
wgu-sr,űMda	eivät liene wgu-sr,űMneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
aűõŋpeas	aűõŋpekaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydä lööIjxóíai	käynemme lööIjxóíai	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
cdrőüji	cdrőüji	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ru zvčváa	on ru zvčvánut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
Ró'őšca	eivät olisi Ró'őšcneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
ŧőwžcp	ŧőwžcpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
M,žeúürča	olkaamme M,žeúürčeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
áSüpeluAŋä	áSüpeluAŋänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
fšbamRtFMüku	fšbamRtFMüuille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
SeelŋűobRa	en ole SeelŋűobRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
bFat'taa	ei ole bFat'ettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
háläpika	háläpjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
efóv.Atuepi	efóv.Atueit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
rŋá'cp'g'ynen	rŋá'cp'g'ysillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
'Rõöóšŧa	'Rõöóšŧa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
yjőcKCrco	yjőcKCrcotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ŋőyp'őezSinen	ŋőyp'őezSisittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
d mswía	lienette d mswíneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
uáŧCÁta	emme olisi uáŧCÁnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
tmfőőžIkya	en olisi tmfőőžIkynut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
zxčjŧaun	zxčjŧaumissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
egäŧo,õmxía	eivät ole egäŧo,õmxíeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
 RyžywFCčä	 RyžywFCčineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ŋűčdfnen	ŋűčdfsista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
áü.hhxtSaös	áü.hhxtSaöksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
öőmŧúä	olkaamme öőmŧúeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
adwwpéőa	adwwpéőaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
xMssúi	xMssúi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ŋzIscFč ŋgtää	ŋzIscFč ŋgdettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
 Á,üyka	 Á,üyoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
hoángM SCzs	hoángM SCzksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
đüCxh.űeCä	ette ole đüCxh.űeCeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
AitFIdážõi	AitFIdážõissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
'í'bűfF a	'í'bűfF aa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
.áŋSja	et ollut .áŋSjnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
aCjsuää	ole aCjsuänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
cŧkÁšMä	ei olisi cŧkÁšMnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
äčcŧő o	äčcŧő oilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
'űA.Mžddõnen	'űA.Mžddõsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
ÁudA.úa	ÁudA.úaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
 ,ŋžÁűla	emme olleet  ,ŋžÁűlneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ÁdFSSútwfga	älkäämme olko ÁdFSSútwfgneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
-Rőđ,vAzi	-Rőđ,vAzistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
űCm,võSMŋtua	űCm,võSMŋdu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
.őCfeáSšds	.őCfeáSšdksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ÁséüA i	ÁséüA ia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
lCv'SöõRhMä	oli lCv'SöõRhMnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ÁÁöukđts	ÁÁöukđtksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ög'cS fCs	ög'cS fCksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
iFőđóKŧ,a	eivät iFőđóKŧ,neet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
rigFxCi'Ihnen	rigFxCi'Ihsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
xKfŋlku	xKfŋlkut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
Ásnmumdtä	Ásnmumdnitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
wIsöđõ'det	wIsöđõ'diksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
üáűéÁA.s	üáűéÁA.kseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
büžCj-u	büžCj-utta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
u.hInfa	emme olleet u.hInfneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
-pCvvšRe	-pCvvšRe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
đnm-ota	olin đnm-onnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
űjüadAär -u	űjüadAär -usta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
kzóäŋi	kzóäŋien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ŧFŋspdä	ei olisi ŧFŋspty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
jőilcxzfőóa	oli jőilcxzfőónut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
lomei-s	lomei-teen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
átúő,iu'ä	átúő,iu'net	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
'ävb nu	'ävb nu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
Fgnnmusvđta	Fgnnmusvđamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
útkõuätä	et ollut útkõuäsyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
 jFx.xhla	 jFx.xhtaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
ŋFntdgáä	en olisi ŋFntdgányt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
'z'Cmä	'z'Cmälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
iáőtjíka	iáőtjíoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
fgmSzÁfŋä	fgmSzÁfŋältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
rpnzátaa	rpnzáettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
Fndõüti	Fndõüein	N;INS;PL;finnish
uÁrKIäwta	ei liene uÁrKIäwsut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
my hfnéa	my hfnétakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
ItfŧSFíšC.u	ItfŧSFíšC.u	N;NOM;SG;finnish
cšuF rella	cšuF rtelivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ékfkrta	ékfkrlatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
šib-I-i	šib-I-eilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
öK l cúŧči	öK l cúŧčeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ussswxŋõ'a	olet ussswxŋõ'ut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
íóõtAtpüxsi	íóõtAtpüxsihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
 čtAÁK,gmxo	 čtAÁK,gmxoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
iMu'StKđke	iMu'StKđen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
eeÁoõo-ma	emme eeÁoõo-mneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
iíóűkxdet	iíóűkxksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
'íduuä	'íduukäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Áöchö-a	olemme Áöchö-neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
öoCMKs	öoCMKalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Aű kőđa	Aű kőđoita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
űzéđlŋSAMzä	űzéđlŋSAMzään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ŧAflpčhwn a	en ollut ŧAflpčhwn ut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
thÁxenRRčüa	et liene thÁxenRRčünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
čő.RCdrxžön	čő.RCdrxžtömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
-MteCti	-MteCeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
dwi v.uca	eivät dwi v.ucneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
žáüCábdFa	žáüCábdFkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ŧRíKAÁ,pŧta	emme liene ŧRíKAÁ,pŧnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ŋeRMFödto	ŋeRMFöddolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
áõ.cmdku	áõ.cmdussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
iSC áda	emme olisi iSC ádneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
,úSűnbždta	,úSűnbždtoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
'üRAöa	'üRAökaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
,oS'gŧvACe	,oS'gŧvACeet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
'S Cúv wá ä	olit 'S Cúv wá nyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
rzhoŧa	rzhoŧoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ffwšSp'óä	eivät olisi ffwšSp'óneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
ödjÁ x'žtä	ödjÁ x'žtöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
odó'Mbälja	et ollut odó'Mbäljnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
Kc-goRxjs	Kc-goRxjksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
xőüAaškö	xőüAašöillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
Fcžgüöynűđi	Fcžgüöynűđeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
,ŋu-uoIR i	,ŋu-uoIR ein	N;INS;PL;finnish
ŋMŋféa	lienemme ŋMŋféneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
 .C-bžiabjtää	 .C-bžiabjettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
üaáüKxtMa	emme liene üaáüKxtMneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
n'éneki	n'éneeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
büäxet,éüŧn	büäxet,éüŧmpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
 .rúIüóúäxpi	 .rúIüóúäxit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
čAüúŋigg'äa	čAüúŋigg'äalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
üõrÁmei	üõrÁmeeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
Ámxŧptüji	Ámxŧptüjilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
-CéIŧíčáCMti	-CéIŧíčáCMille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
háyűSi	háyűSien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
vžSäíikluo	vžSäíikluolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
čmvaxMnen	čmvaxMseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
Säŋev Rdzcnen	Säŋev Rdzcsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
ömxbroStaa	ömxbroSettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
Ágčmač,ŋä	emme olisi Ágčmač,ŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
ämxíFRuuáIda	ämxíFRuuáIkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
wgSFŧSížta	olit wgSFŧSížnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
bamnrnFi	bamnrnFeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
 oúšSbyrpo	 oúšSbyrot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
pšf.júFõn,a	älköön olko pšf.júFõn,tu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
y-sfpüača	y-sfpüačkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
wütčmMfvč-o	wütčmMfvč-oksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
jűđxxõkŧä	jűđxxõkŧisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
jõáönwKä	jõáönwKäksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
fa-tői	fa-tőille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
övC'á-áõóa	olisi övC'á-áõótu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
'hűž.bŧä	älkää 'hűž.bŧkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
CđCwSccúda	olin CđCwSccúnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ócüõpda	eivät olleet ócüõpneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
fMe pčgas	fMe pčkaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
Stb-Kf'Rž-pä	Stb-Kf'Rž-ällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
 šAőóõi	 šAőóõia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
bwűpFže	bwűpFžkeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ftbš,Mđkđe	ftbš,Mđkđeena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
,iäCsFSa	,iäCsFSoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
pgpy kAta	pgpy kAnan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
g,kpžaa	olette g,kpžaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
löšg,sä	ole löšg,snyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
óŧfnuõra	óŧfnuõrat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
MIFFAabki	MIFFAabit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
jvyóägőmat	jvyóägőpiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
xejfwbFä	lienee xejfwbFtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
đõűúiüCbkö	đõűúiüCböissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
đí.õhtaa	ei đí.õhnettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
ŧđndtaűbgđa	ovat ŧđndtaűbgđneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
õjzčői	õjzčőille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
,äFjdFmMotä	oli ,äFjdFmMotnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
üárzpebC Snen	üárzpebC Sset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
k kFpän	k kFpämettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
ŋ-äuš áhKütu	ŋ-äuš áhKüuksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
éűFžf dzčti	éűFžf dzčneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
nx'nsőkAa	ole nx'nsőkAnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
őldtzkói	őldtzkóit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
háÁzudIn	háÁzudImia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
fRS-.-i	fRS-.-ien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
sóbMwoajRida	ette sóbMwoajRi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
séíoSe	séíoSeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
tzoifu Cá o	tzoifu Cá oina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
úp-ŋháRöa	on úp-ŋháRönut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
elgS,Is	elgS,Iksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
üxthAőkí.yti	üxthAőkí.yitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
fCyzs dimŧi	fCyzs dimŧeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
sŋížfpi-nen	sŋížfpi-sia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
ŧgMdűúfMba	ŧgMdűúfMboissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
-šwődötaa	-šwődöat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
SRkiAa	älkää olko SRkiAneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
us-c.ä	us-c.ältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ŋKhõx.llö a	ŋKhõx.llö ttu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
Ágbžöjõmnen	Ágbžöjõmsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
lSípödMRűéa	en lSípödMRűési	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
' Cí'tdyza	' Cí'tdyzaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
áuđóvIla	áuđóvItakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
íCuúho,a	en íCuúho,ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
lüz'lvä	lüz'lvien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdä óöäFi	ette olleet tehneet óöäFi	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
jŋőđÁda	olemme jŋőđÁneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
lčbõzn	lčbõzneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
űdeaFa	lienet űdeaFnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
ClűäõõúKaä	ClűäõõúKaä	V;NFIN;finnish
w őžRa,gha	ei w őžRa,ghnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
oövŋypa	oövŋypa	V;NFIN;finnish
lőjéwKpa	emme lőjéwKpisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
óŧFűz-nen	óŧFűz-selta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
č iőMä	č iőMä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
vršKe Rji	vršKe Rjiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
übucbűreőa	olette übucbűreőneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
wpäMéürn	wpäMéürn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
ezhMőfcwu	ezhMőfcwua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
ŧáč,õnbéti	ŧáč,õnbéein	N;INS;PL;finnish
õŧC'bäíii	õŧC'bäíieitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
'kyötvo	'kyötvona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
č-t nnŋa	ette olleet č-t nnŋneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ü'j,ŧrxa	älä ole ü'j,ŧrxut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
s'dpírúc-pika	s'dpírúc-pjoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
á,kcšexdvxo	á,kcšexdvxotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Fe'ŋnä	emme Fe'ŋnneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
đeKpSvížs	đeKpSvížksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
sšRKűűlcko	sšRKűűlcoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
afrFđKomda	emme afrFđKomneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
õ'tx-vxiMa	õ'tx-vxiMana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
cKzn Ágxtää	cKzn Ágxit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
Iõuoáűs	Iõuoáűksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
KdCőőtyä	KdCőőyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
hűSzpf'dda	ei liene hűSzpf'dtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
xR'rčti	xR'rčissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
IŧoAjzúta	ovat IŧoAjzúnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
sc-žvčoa	lienemme sc-žvčoneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
áúäccuäčma	áúäccuäčmana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ÁC ueűpi	ÁC ueűmalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
uűi ááÁsoÁä	uűi ááÁsoÁtty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
ARőiáa	en ARőiánut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
đufwr .gúä	đufwr .gúä	V;NFIN;finnish
kóe,línmätä	kóe,línmäet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
,jvpvda	eivät ,jvpvsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
veIúRúiky	veIúRúiyltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
õžMfayyho	õžMfayyhona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
mšjžpümIőf	mšjžpümIőfeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
 Ájípmi	 Ájípmeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
- dxäö	- dxäöön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
zmozšsdéäoi	zmozšsdéäoein	N;INS;PL;finnish
SmwAsnen	SmwAssina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
umS ŋaa	umS ŋakaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
áűž õša	áűž õšaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
fKőSfóma	fKőSfómoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
cKMöbgŧmika	cKMöbgŧmjalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
jčöÁMpöÁfóa	jčöÁMpöÁfóalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
tsR.pn	tsR.pn	N;NOM;SG;finnish
žjžwgÁ öwa	lienevät žjžwgÁ öwneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
Rgba ü.Áui	Rgba ü.Áueiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ücévčüs	ücévčüksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
áűđói dRi	áűđói dRilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ópSm-őyta	älkäämme olko ópSm-őynneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
rícAöää	eivät rícAöä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
äIžinčCákRa	ei äIžinčCákRnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
híxÁci	híxÁciksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
agvúiKata	agvúiKpasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
Sšäč-űčä	et liene Sšäč-űčyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
o sohxčlaKla	emme o sohxčlaKisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
xíđpđwyõa	xíđpđwyõttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
énKaéä	énKaékäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
Rdhk-fÁõä-nen	Rdhk-fÁõä-sen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
Mtcbtjtva	älä ole Mtcbtjtvnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
óf w,ÁMénen	óf w,ÁMésten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
fxóágfbpnen	fxóágfbpsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
đűpäzlkgo	đűpäzlkgo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
fIFöaSa	olkoon fIFöaSnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
SMčöxta	SMčöxnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ízIzréu	ízIzréulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Ánrxeítaa	ei Ánrxeíettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
ádŧeaŋpi	ádŧeaŋeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
vöCđRvöKdía	vöCđRvöKdíaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
iprhéCás	iprhéCás	N;ACC;SG;finnish
l ŧAwÁŋ'dls	l ŧAwÁŋ'dltena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
Knyonšti	Knyonšin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
mC'AxőFrÁa	älkäämme mC'AxőFrÁko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
gdlxlcAytä	olin gdlxlcAynnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ap-yMödella	ap-yMödtelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
RbIűüúRŧ-nen	RbIűüúRŧ-sista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
MyC ŧűűnáda	älkööt olko MyC ŧűűnáneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
MomlSön	MomlStöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
sčéCó'öuídä	älköön olko sčéCó'öuínyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
aádcűúõMe	aádcűúõMeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
,weŋ fnki	,weŋ fneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
,SMÁŧiõMsa	olin ,SMÁŧiõMsut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
zbj-đtMűtde	zbj-đtMűtteesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
lvaínKKuIóä	eivät lvaínKKuIóne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
őIvcžA, aa	on őIvcžA, ettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
ŋx,egäútää	ŋx,egäúetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
.síMš'óőma	.síMš'óőmat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
pRaotúto	pRaotúolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
íč.áffoa	íč.áffoassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
éCŧchÁKžda	éCŧchÁKžkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
-m žsudata	et -m žsudpaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
zíplRaÁtoo	zíplRaÁtooina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
šxxžiõnlä	šxxžiõnisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
.đrgaxa	.đrgaxilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
icl.scÁöőtta	en olisi icl.scÁöőtnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
zuö.üvpűxöa	olimme zuö.üvpűxöneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ŧ ÁőMofma	olisit ŧ ÁőMofmut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
l'öhaédtä	en l'öhaédä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
őlIüđííAota	ei olisi őlIüđííAonnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
hđŋŋnűéa	hđŋŋnűéaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
xaKÁűoőčnen	xaKÁűoőčselle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
úizócóűi	úizócóűi	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
xízúőréRŧa	xízúőréRŧaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
'Aljŧvőpo	'Aljŧvőoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Cŋvpõsŧŋhki	Cŋvpõsŧŋhgin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
s'ämőpRuoi	s'ämőpRuoeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
w.täöISnbda	ei olisi w.täöISnbtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
IÁfIFKSa	IÁfIFKSttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
šföív-Ra	älkäämme šföív-Rko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
''iicIpa	ette ''iicIpneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
iú ,Áp.da	lienette iú ,Áp.neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
cvazmAžlkiä	cvazmAžlin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
nűl' ta	emme olleet nűl' teet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
C'čafzűéida	ette C'čafzűéi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
iwŧtIa	iwŧtIatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
zkkđŋõAeŋpi	zkkđŋõAeŋissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
uawz--i	uawz--esta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
žügŧdáoa	emme ole žügŧdáoneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
íAđöéä	älkööt íAđöékö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
šfŧwvíŋkua	ei šfŧwvíŋku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ó,páöFa	älkää olko ó,páöFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
 AKúzRšűŋöa	älkää  AKúzRšűŋöko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ceoÁ.š Áxšde	ceoÁ.š Áxštein	N;INS;PL;finnish
hcAÁvÁ-ehs	hcAÁvÁ-ehksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
.'đöMbíCäCi	.'đöMbíCäCillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Cől-gu	Cől-guista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
õííp,jpä	älkää olko õííp,jpneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
éőäíóonen	éőäíóosten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ch.iőKÁe	ch.iőKÁe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Cko Až-émki	Cko Až-émeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
fŋite,zwúdä	eivät fŋite,zwúsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
rIw öjžcrxa	älkäämme olko rIw öjžcrxeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
žŋóbjzfa	žŋóbjzfkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
ÁhódMyM.hüä	ÁhódMyM.hüällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
jm-uxčžpCda	jm-uxčžpCvat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
Awŋhüsúúi	Awŋhüsúúissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
jő,exr.üÁa	jő,exr.üÁsitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
kxoIbfi	kxoIbfien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ŧAAéűCpi	ŧAAéűCman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
r.wocta	eivät liene r.wocnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
KIpsžűlRti	KIpsžűlRit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ŧééõselStä	olitte ŧééõselSnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
ičülzns	ičülznksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ő-öüöđíSőpa	ő-öüöđíSőpille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
eáp'žc žä	eáp'žc žä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
jvíxŋa	jvíxŋa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
c,ro-IóÁkn	c,ro-IóÁkmmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
MK.áhs	MK.áhkselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
mö .ni	mö .neineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
á,ánoüRa	á,ánoüRoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
Söguada	olisi Söguanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
űgäšäóoča	űgäšäóočaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
gCčmeđusda	älköön gCčmeđusko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
íúlCža	en íúlCžnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
õwčKdi	õwčKdinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
íaayMrIbItua	íaayMrIbIduttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
IőáAšyűv,n	IőáAšyűv,n	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
Sűčv Rvtää	Sűčv Rvän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
'ÁűŧõIfžta	en olisi 'ÁűŧõIfžnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
MsaASh-ttCu	MsaASh-ttCuun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
uöCtCir'cda	ei ole uöCtCir'cnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
SS--Mzu.čpa	SS--Mzu.čpat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ű Kogaáđa	olisi ű Kogaáđnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
žžűíis	žžűíiksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
-AđjFäíto	-AđjFäínoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
gI-áSkpi	gI-áSkpit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
đ,e.mől 'ji	đ,e.mől 'jein	N;INS;PL;finnish
šõáifbwRzta	šõáifbwRztoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ymőŋ taa	on ymőŋ nettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
yhöáöiõ-áma	ei olisi yhöáöiõ-ámnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
 ŧaääKveFa	olen  ŧaääKveFnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Fyđuynen	Fyđuysesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ŧeC CđlSči	ŧeC CđlSči	N;NOM;SG;finnish
wűiübFä	lienevät wűiübFeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
šMijkwõkti	šMijkwõkissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Rpűn.sčäln	Rpűn.sčäln	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
Álk-đÁöCa	Álk-đÁöCatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
gktöj kddä	olkaa gktöj kdneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ŧíwlđRda	olisi ŧíwlđRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
oŋ öšta	ei oŋ öšsut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
aCbzčta	aCbzčroissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
d.pKeđáa	eivät olisi d.pKeđáneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
édIeüčŋy'ö	édIeüčŋy'öjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
dukmóoű t'tua	dukmóoű t'dutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
ő'izwu čAža	olisi ő'izwu čAžttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
čvijAM.x-tua	čvijAM.x-nun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
'skwói	'skwóien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
ŋrcóča	ŋrcóčassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ÁõmIeŋdoAä	ÁõmIeŋdoAässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
ékwíbőynbóki	ékwíbőynbógein	N;INS;PL;finnish
'pp-knen	'pp-ksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
faé.Rđča	ei faé.Rđčttu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
 ódđésIMeä	 ódđésIMeältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
IúFõmAwőőča	ette IúFõmAwőőčisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
ólšvC kŋC'i	ólšvC kŋC'ilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
 lčzáŋR Mii	 lčzáŋR Miien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
.ú-.é'šu	.ú-.é'šuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
õl'Ábdđa	õl'Ábdđat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
KixžšxhuRöä	KixžšxhuRöät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
vFKfdüu,úui	vFKfdüu,úuein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
őkhdđäva	őkhdđäviksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
Cčr-Áa	et olisi Cčr-Ánut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
kMŋMoaa	emme kMŋMoane	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
õfflúmkyö	õfflúmköiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
o vőgzg pa	olkoon o vőgzg pnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
kiACgzCIs,ta	kiACgzCIs,nnee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
nxagó-bda	nxagó-bmme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
raC'r úeAa	olin raC'r úeAnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Kbléniűa	on Kbléniűnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
'sÁSIahtä	'sÁSIahsevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
wgMä pvnattyä	wgMä pvnatnyttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
ŧiõkAaŋfkma	ette ŧiõkAaŋfkme	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
Aä R,a	Aä R,at	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ő-ú'u-éda	olisimme ő-ú'u-éneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
,Sub,íkõuptää	ei ,Sub,íkõupetä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
Á.a eds	Á.a edksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
űéFží-Aüos	űéFží-Aüosta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
,Fcöónwe	,Fcöónwkeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
 Áúäw wa ei	 Áúäw wa eeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
žxAž,KóFŧzla	žxAž,KóFŧztava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
üpä.čúa	üpä.čúat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
näđnsÁa	näđnsÁalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
äõjđäMtaa	älköön olko äõjđäMettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
utK sÁ Áo	utK sÁ Áoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
zvCAw.ŧa	zvCAw.ŧoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
 MúhčrőCAo	 MúhčrőCAoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ekMéÁetä	ekMéÁkenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
tížmíäéca	tížmíäécalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
kűAoxkšnya	älköön kűAoxkšnytako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
IpíKyuőä	IpíKyuőöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
wiüűšSalűe	wiüűšSalűeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
lnKÁFđAhóónen	lnKÁFđAhóósesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
sx-Ie,Áä	emme sx-Ie,Áeet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
 iížCi	 iížCeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
iMahw. ö	iMahw. össä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädäC-Kngeui	lienevät jääneetC-Kngeui	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
iwöRlbupää	ei liene iwöRlbupetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
ühígšđCCéála	on ühígšđCCéátu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
wnxäŧlđta	wnxäŧlđnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
IöhŧF'Rta	olin IöhŧF'Rnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ümúäjsIna	et ümúäjsInne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
ud,sRéi	ud,sRéin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
cžxK hzelxs	cžxK hzelxtena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ueŋuSdvi	ueŋuSdveistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
rohušéya	rohušéyoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
uAcúéRCíögä	et ollut uAcúéRCíögnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
č óó tä	emme olleet č óó nneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
éF'gkäFšnta	älkää olko éF'gkäFšnnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Cefumbšocfa	olkoon Cefumbšocfnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
h.včti	h.včteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
sa'wRnKua	sa'wRnKuina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
bAI-pda	bAI-pkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
,õciiöéŋcKä	,õciiöéŋcKiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
xyčtwnoőIdku	xyčtwnoőIduiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
čbaõklitaa	čbaõkliimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
u ŋáuAnen	u ŋáuAsille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
žjARda	emme žjARdne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
än-Mnzúyáka	än-Mnzúyákoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
äí'zfrÁas	äí'zfrÁkaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
-šihwä	olkoon -šihwnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
F.ŧöxžnen	F.ŧöxžsina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
rcSs,ivdn	rcSs,ivdn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
.-uúKti	.-uúKneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
bFÁjõCenen	bFÁjõCesiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
gicšöŧäa	gicšöŧäisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
šg.ŧönközti	šg.ŧönközti	N;ACC;SG;finnish
KhmCv a	KhmCv oitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
stks-wŋäúä	ette liene stks-wŋäúeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
-cglIAka	-cglIAat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
seCAfőnen	seCAfősissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
IúwKvkpŧa	IúwKvkpŧttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
fmű,yKMjä	olin fmű,yKMjnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
'siCvzpów nen	'siCvzpów sina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
äiö,ópi	äiö,ómissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ű-nlfbmä	en ű-nlfbmisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
mtöőwda	en liene mtöőwdnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
,Kgmtä	,Kgmtän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
éyvtđõbpön	éyvtđõbptömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
uđRím Mtaa	eivät uđRím Ma	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
.SKõöž-ya	.SKõöž-yisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
xšör'KISi	xšör'KISinä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
uk a,käöa	uk a,käöisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
-žxn-.õa	-žxn-.õoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
avÁmõűa	avÁmõűatta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
CKamlä	CKamlällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
đbhiMöo	đbhiMöoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
őkzxáäa	őkzxáäoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
űóe-vúua	űóe-vúuvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ümäí vÁaja	ümäí vÁajista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
l,čFáŋo	l,čFáŋoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
vxRRõcéo	vxRRõcéo	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ütäúyó''ra	olivat ütäúyó''rneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ŧcó õRžäcta	olimme ŧcó õRžäcnneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
vIépíűmdä	vIépíűmnevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
bmäÁóiówa	bmäÁóiówtakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
öű KőáRKčőö	öű KőáRKčőöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
üzFRao	üzFRaoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
jáCžCc-ŋFSta	jáCžCc-ŋFSralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Fnásänen	Fnásäsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
RKaM Ajamžä	RKaM Ajamžä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ŋmđ--in	ŋmđ--timilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
zö' RwŧIhŋnen	zö' RwŧIhŋset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
hMfõca	ei hMfõctaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
Á-öaeäši	Á-öaeäšia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
v,sőRRtypra	v,sőRRtyprilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
w-ŧpAkjpet	w-ŧpAkjpineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
lrRüptejüŋtä	ei ollut lrRüptejüŋnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
lcAžšypäs	lcAžšypkäillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
yRslanéoa	yRslanéoalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
íayőűjlä	ei ollut íayőűjty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
múAnhes	múAnheksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Shpí,Sda	älkää olko Shpí,Sneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ŧthc'aúáűutyä	ŧthc'aúáűulyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
iKŋiépliőo	iKŋiépliőoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
őäsä'i	őäsä'eitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
rmaódta	ei rmaódnnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
oóbóói	oóbóóein	N;INS;PL;finnish
čűl Sűoépwtyä	on čűl Sűoépwrytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
,MCjbuIzfe	,MCjbuIzfein	N;INS;PL;finnish
afáRű n	afáRű mmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
óuÁržjäA.ra	óuÁržjäA.riin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
KličÁüa	ole KličÁünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
obpzxu ä	obpzxu nemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
yűMKhSógnen	yűMKhSógset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
mKzeKwpi	mKzeKwmaksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
gMrzđ da	en gMrzđ ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
 õvjzőta	 õvjzőnnevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
ŧÁSšüRz,-es	ŧÁSšüRz,-eksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
őMíđdmöéa	eivät olleet őMíđdmöéneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
xIŋIí-ga	xIŋIí-goihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
vvđd'K o	vvđd'K oon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
éuMuŋdiőmton	éuMuŋdiőmttomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
v üz tua	älä v üz du	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ähúRrcdCőa	lienen ähúRrcdCőnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
SohšuÁRäzi	SohšuÁRäzia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
-đa'aAu	-đa'aAuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
óéščnsb,mlä	älköön olko óéščnsb,mty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
üjb ŧSjä	olen üjb ŧSjnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
zđáfđmüjmtaa	ei ole zđáfđmüjmettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
mútčbSs	mútčbSksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
Fzča'jCÁAika	Fzča'jCÁAjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
kđceIata	en kđceIkaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
C'Iž,de	C'Iž,deelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
úCAyí 'k.Ia	lienette úCAyí 'k.Ineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
úMümgűtaa	ei ole úMümgűdettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
éIojanškđís	éIojanškđíksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
óíöŋüzunen	óíöŋüzusiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
 dčfŧhta	en ollut  dčfŧhnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
jrvéűyč-tää	ei liene jrvéűyč-etty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
nm.ufä	olkaamme nm.ufeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
čoMb -i	čoMb -ina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
óCyšÁnen	óCyšÁsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
RkeócÁa	älä ole RkeócÁnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
Á.SM'úFa	Á.SM'úFitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 rőMb'xSa	 rőMb'xSaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
 ümuäsbđtä	en olisi  ümuäsbđnnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
gyswhkžü Flä	gyswhkžü Fi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
vfkaFä	en liene vfkaFnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
äaö' rtää	lienee äaö' retty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
abSybi	abSybeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
yépCwukne	yépCwukteen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
učnslži	učnslženä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
wtwő űözs	wtwő űözksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
jčkzRüžjóe	jčkzRüžjóeet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
iáhtőÁxxa	iáhtőÁxxtiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
hačdjtnúä	hačdjtnúillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
jžé,éičhi	jžé,éičhia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
yäF,fki	yäF,fkin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
áyšxöŋFú  u	áyšxöŋFú  uineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
nemrđta	nemrđatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
vawp.ús	vawp.ús	N;ACC;SG;finnish
röõäFwzzkta	olimme röõäFwzzkseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
écđzígjMúto	écđzígjMúoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
fSa bwsgai	fSa bwsgaillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
CxõRéaaa	oli CxõRéaettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
ékéúyuda	olkoon ékéúyunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Ágxőižč'ba	Ágxőižč'bitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ŧM äuda	en ŧM äusi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
wkSóõöCífžata	wkSóõöCífžtaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
 áisaíaSa	olitte  áisaíaSneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
ŧeCMöndICps	ŧeCMöndICps	N;ACC;SG;finnish
p,hhjŋaõ óda	ei liene p,hhjŋaõ ótu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
ujzúwa	eivät liene ujzúwneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
pagdklöúRö	pagdklöúRöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
rFŋKudŧubxto	rFŋKudŧubxoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
KSdlcÁInen	KSdlcÁIsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
čén-kosIta	en liene čén-kosInnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
õogőfõröm	õogőfõrömiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
zKét.ta	älkäämme zKét.ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
õFđŧáA šöa	en liene õFđŧáA šönut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
cáüiRhv-ma	cáüiRhv-mana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
éRCzbküŧői	éRCzbküŧőeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 hRčgđőűata	 hRčgđőűtaisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
xScbhéácötaa	oli xScbhéácöettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
jwsIđo	jwsIđot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
SóexÁexos	SóexÁexoksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
v-ŋvugi	v-ŋvugista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
mcguóIäuzžti	mcguóIäuzžeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
,lóIdIxgö	,lóIdIxgössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
úRMđpMjo	úRMđpMjo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
űgjóű itä	emme űgjóű iseet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
Rxáiyoa	Rxáiyokoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
úSŋšk ata	úSŋšk kaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ä uMiIő.i	ä uMiIő.eihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
đé Ažm.ši	đé Ažm.šittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
őjtSRfuűMä	on őjtSRfuűMnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
oíAsöjxwcpä	oíAsöjxwcästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
u ösüŧáä	ei u ösüŧányt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
-mŋöy I.ta	-mŋöy I.aisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
Iivyl,ŋŧaa	ei ollut Iivyl,ŋŧettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
KšüzžsCxpo	KšüzžsCxossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
t,xžes -oä	t,xžes -oöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
öönűđős,ta	olisimme öönűđős,nneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
Ayéözjwdpua	Ayéözjwdpunen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
ífŧšvrni	ífŧšvrnien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
mnx-ŋFvűMčda	olisimme mnx-ŋFvűMčneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
F.wcAtmzm	F.wcAtmzmiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
uwzsüŋús	uwzsüŋúksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
tŋtoha	tŋtohn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
rvAúőšyoä	olisi rvAúőšyonyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
.kyxce	.kyxcen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
nIiMmwŋózAtaa	älköön olko nIiMmwŋózArettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
'R-wyčta	'R-wyčtissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
öc.lnõFnen	öc.lnõFsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
õvpvmxeta	ei olisi õvpvmxennut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
áI-anoi	áI-anoeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
 Ce  oF'MMa	 Ce  oF'MMaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
lílwõŧ lüi	lílwõŧ lüista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
RühžÁöa	RühžÁöi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
 ü Ájhpwi	 ü Ájhpwetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
õRí őizíúšda	ei õRí őizíúšnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
Fnu úoknon	Fnu úokntomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
đóAű-äma	emme liene đóAű-ämneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ŧlžx,x pi	ŧlžx,x pein	N;INS;PL;finnish
šűúkzši	šűúkzši	N;ACC;SG;finnish
bévsóu	bévsóuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ku.éins	ku.éindeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
ÁčđoácAa	lienen ÁčđoácAut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
KFú đga	olkoon KFú đgnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
'űp mpi	'űp mpilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
čf gbäKčda	eivät olisi čf gbäKčneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
éAncšr'a	olemme éAncšr'neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
éäcyírös	éäcyíröksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
RuCSbeta	eivät olleet RuCSbeseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
fÁbixűšSa	fÁbixűšSa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
l'svó,ölíeka	l'svó,ölíeatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
e.skce	e.skckeitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
wC.űŋnuozi	wC.űŋnuozia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
AmácžÁrpi	AmácžÁrilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Ckf' ä	en Ckf' nyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
v,äv äo	v,äv äoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ŧšđIöčäda	oli ŧšđIöčädnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
vkÁzdoä	vkÁzdovä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
Rkhŋ-Kä	Rkhŋ-Kisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
ómljiŧ.sgtaa	ei ómljiŧ.sgettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
 Átdus ää	 Átdus äiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
kđrChnöevoi	kđrChnöevoien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
etuump'űdtda	ette liene etuump'űdtneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
,óúžvi	,óúžveineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
uhissKúóa	uhissKúóisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
žRűűuta	ette žRűűua	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ŋŧ.Ié ä	ŋŧ.Ié ään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
đImCődSäKRä	ette liene đImCődSäKRneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
óžx.pnen	óžx.psiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
nüóõ ooőe	nüóõ ooőteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
I-f.šíSäde	I-f.šíSäteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
č'jMaa	č'jMaalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
đšjŋsá,Rkmä	ei olisi đšjŋsá,Rkmtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
uArjöÁüyCűa	en liene uArjöÁüyCűnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
čbek s	čbek kseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
íCfRrö.m's	íCfRrö.m'ksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
yfyawöáj ta	yfyawöáj nisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
öf áAáčitaa	öf áAáčiettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
žbfŧiévŋa	olkoon žbfŧiévŋtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
bzCáčpufFrä	älköön bzCáčpufFrttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaaő.RgvcčúöKi	olet antanutő.RgvcčúöKi	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
wkáSóaeIKÁta	wkáSóaeIKÁisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
Áušdčxúka	Áušdčxúiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
AwnCvõjÁäđi	AwnCvõjÁäđeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
hőoewsfit	hőoewsfeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ŧŋIs-zőta	olen ŧŋIs-zőnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
zküzläwäxs	zküzläwäxdetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
fđúžúnFFs	fđúžúnFFksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ŧSžKucrüs	ŧSžKucrüs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
čRäŋzŧŋzi	čRäŋzŧŋzeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
m-őüK-a	ei m-őüK-nut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
űŋróđčéčAi	űŋróđčéčAin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
gđõM-hfpka	gđõM-hfpalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
wäbxdä	olisimme wäbxdneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
äú',xd-RzIi	äú',xd-RzIiksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
rg očds	rg očdhittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
íÁű,msä	íÁű,msä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
Ašz,KwAááaa	emme ole Ašz,KwAááaeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
xőMkgta	xőMkgnoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
űäRSjkRi	űäRSjkRinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
õtú.sgwn	õtú.sgwmpien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
áxšRäita	älkää olko áxšRäinneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
KõútIüőnen	KõútIüőselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
čaxiSloCŧä	ole čaxiSloCŧnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
bfMÁákä	bfMÁákä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
õnxöí-díöä	õnxöí-díöin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
w őóvüCnen	w őóvüCsta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
c-Sűb,txCwi	c-Sűb,txCweille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
uuúm SlSds	uuúm SlSdksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
.üõcgjksűa	en ole .üõcgjksűnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytääđlŧjkxdŧűäi	ei ollut pyydettyđlŧjkxdŧűäi	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
,č űđlo	,č űđlossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
hyRh'ko	hyRh'oissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
n örFfi	n örFfein	N;INS;PL;finnish
FF,ävöiztää	et FF,ävöizä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
íu'wŧa	lienee íu'wŧut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
gäF AIšFkiä	emme gäF AIšFi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
dáyšSríhää	dáyšSríhäty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
sIhž.ei	sIhž.eista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
jRR uou'o	jRR uou'olla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
üüpluáF nma	üüpluáF nsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Rűéõxéngm	Rűéõxéngmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Mhlšrm	Mhlšrmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
Fűčő-Mk-ma	Fűčő-Mk-sid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
pázaÁkama	olgu pázaÁatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
fKofk .m	fKofk .miks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ÁjFŋÁ pŧŧa	ÁjFŋÁ pŧŧades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
rsIräCa	rsIräCa	V;NFIN;estonian
ói.gűäa	ói.gűäates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
mpúúűhlwz-e	mpúúűhlwz-ed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
aRšhl.m	aRšhl.mdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
aÁyžaKma	ärgu olgu aÁyžaKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
.,' Ima	ei .,' Itud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
đ,máhõx.öne	đ,máhõx.östena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
őeFSd'jer	őeFSd'jril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
píõvšáxcäzma	píõvšáxcäzame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
rfKče,amne	rfKče,amseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
vűvurÁeäüma	vűvurÁeäüsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
fűőeyfiyčr	fűőeyfiyčris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
wM-pMwpÁs	wM-pMwpÁs	N;NOM;SG;estonian
.ibr'õŧ-CSma	.ibr'õŧ-CStud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
eAüép'őSnv	eAüép'őSnvana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
 õđ, a	 õđ, as	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ánŋ-ger	ánŋ-grisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Söeupdjđ.üama	ära Söeupdjđ.üa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
'AäážzlpÁ-s	'AäážzlpÁ-stesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
RđáiexmšRma	ei olnud RđáiexmšRtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ő Ajčxa	ő Ajčxateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ctAeägkm	ctAeägkmdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
jpöcgó ma	jpöcgó ti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
čkúRsMKFFma	čkúRsMKFFtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
i Ivüu	i Ivüus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
hIoersäIma	ärgu hIoersäIku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
kgAKavma	oli kgAKavdud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
zté'cs	zté'csteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
šjdkwzjva	šjdkwzjvale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
cIöuvúFee	cIöuvúFeedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
uCácpRema	oleksid uCácpRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ójMdRäbdama	ójMdRäbnaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
sk als	sk alst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
fziuzoKúíCen	fziuzoKúíCnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
 -ltžfykzkn	 -ltžfykzknid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
wõjnbR,ođén	wõjnbR,ođénasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kuž,ánié uv	kuž,ánié uvasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
.óőcx.ocFsm	.óőcx.ocFsmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
äzžrzbAma	ei äzžrzbAvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
õrášőőžđvúu	õrášőőžđvúutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
móIz-čÁs	móIz-čÁred	N;NOM;PL;estonian
üzndlŋkFbma	üzndlŋkFbdav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ützgoöpsxőn	ützgoöpsxőnile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
yöüžíe	yöüžíe	N;GEN;SG;estonian
őŋõáõyw űđma	őŋõáõyw űđb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ubóóxma	ubóóxtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ghMžäÁláíŧma	ghMžäÁláíŧa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
üáŋávma	üáŋávksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
KxžjšSáma	ärgem KxžjšSákem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
 šöuIžsč,r	 šöuIžsč,rini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
,xil,uüzeŋma	,xil,uüzeŋtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
-gIčkinúoža	-gIčkinúožana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
čžčõöFAuőIv	čžčõöFAuőIvatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
Klúŋétma	Klúŋédavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ŋefztőprn	ŋefztőprnite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
RvSá.kAhCne	RvSá.kAhCsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
í RsMns	í RsMnseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
äúűRRCma	äúűRRCad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ž'FK-Mxõšma	ž'FK-Mxõšksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
KälSl-k	KälSl-kuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
úfn'cnSu ma	ei olnud úfn'cnSu etudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
cRöonÁma	cRöonÁsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
Ctžđs ma	olevat Ctžđs tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
AiAkwúšs	AiAkwúšstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
úpovwtúma	on úpovwtúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
õđd-ŋađbma	ei olevat õđd-ŋađbnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
eäž,epama	eäž,eaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
jr.'šáás	jr.'šáástest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
hoi yu	hoi yuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
 rgnđr	 rgnđrid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
üCnmíäiSvfma	oli üCnmíäiSvfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
Á-f'ewtõűđma	Á-f'ewtõűđksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Kŋ-ŋgAk	Kŋ-ŋgAku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
űvujűőa	űvujűőe	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ííFŧxbxúk	ííFŧxbxúkutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
wcKsđčMa	wcKsđčMatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ágdsaníAhma	ágdsaníAheksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
huuÁdä s	huuÁdä sele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
Cx'rjcz Ane	Cx'rjcz Aseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
 üŋčCännr	 üŋčCännri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
rttúűFydma	ei olevat rttúűFyretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
kčAđbFnju	kčAđbFnju	N;ACC;SG;estonian
MöäKcSM,ür	MöäKcSM,üriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
teASSűõkačma	teASSűõkačaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
eSowc -öõv	eSowc -öõvad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
hzrÁCgžuks	hzrÁCgžuksena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
seiu'u	seiu'uta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
điŧágzlm	điŧágzlmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
xfóüC dyÁs	xfóüC dyÁs	N;NOM;SG;estonian
v' zčrgFfKma	v' zčrgFfKtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
 nžnõyđs	 nžnõyđga	N;COM;SG;estonian
pwk tŧöma	olite pwk tŧönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Mšđvyűiáma	olin Mšđvyűiánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
wüiubAma	ei wüiubAtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
wÁšđMčma	wÁšđMčtaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
cázr'zmma	oleksime cázr'zmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
yú-tsba	yú-tsbas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
fõKdKŋ óma	olin fõKdKŋ ónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
dMu.krjáse	dMu.krjásedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
Mlú -CAIt	Mlú -CAItuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
íízy,Kma	íízy,Kks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
kSüsáer	kSüsáritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Idŧtüsldma	oli Idŧtüsldnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
e-üúízeŧäk	e-üúízeŧäkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ŋájó tki	ŋájó tki	N;ACC;SG;estonian
kőkáA'űöjma	kőkáA'űöjsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
KAgušRma	on KAgušRtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ő-Kmsma	ő-Kmsksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
pczŧvđőígyner	pczŧvđőígydrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
l ,űöíít.u	l ,űöíít.udes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
öčvŋčÁ gFma	ei öčvŋčÁ gFvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
aõj  u	aõj  uga	N;COM;SG;estonian
. uíoáköxma	. uíoáköxan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
é rMxu	é rMxuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
žoaõüxwŧžma	žoaõüxwŧžsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
üéRgtlne	üéRgtlsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
Iwp  jk	Iwp  jkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Ásűröéwőkkama	oleme Ásűröéwőkanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
KegIűoxšoás	KegIűoxšoástest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
 rMšx,Rűsúr	 rMšx,Rűsúriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
tyAAű wiC,a	tyAAű wiC,a	N;PRT;SG;estonian
hváíuüömSu	hváíuüömSuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ü .fŋel	ü .fŋlatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ncágRIgAsama	ära ncágRIgAsa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
cóõžxkKra	cóõžxkKra	V;NFIN;estonian
ivär-uérk	ivär-uérku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
s,äfé.,ma	ärgu s,äfé.,ku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
đüRCngcAltma	ei đüRCngcAla	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
AAuygžód	AAuygžódast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
o,úv-Kma	o,úv-Kgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
vóóSama	olete vóóSanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Rú.kžvžma	ei Rú.kžvžtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
my,ktäÁíčMma	oleksid my,ktäÁíčMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
nxneAőűma	ärgu nxneAőűgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
,á-'gitšőFma	,á-'gitšőFnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
jeđ.fRRrma	jeđ.fRRrks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
AsfápKAxőxr	AsfápKAxőxrita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
éhcđŧma	olid éhcđŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
üűóűaš Mma	ei olevat üűóűaš Mnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
iuIrü-r	iuIrü-rtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
sóCj őygós	sóCj őygóks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đóđII Cxžgema	đóđII Cxžete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
šÁvÁ.õCama	šÁvÁ.õCatud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
zM-Alóžma	zM-Alóžksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
w.yműancíe	w.yműancíetel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
yuöczma	yuöczvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
SrájÁíšbésl	SrájÁíšbéslile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
,boARúÁdma	oleme ,boARúÁdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
zŋűőfoyfdps	zŋűőfoyfdpsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Fwäg'õőgma	Fwäg'õőgtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
šwšahéŧsm	šwšahéŧsmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
gűiđčővún	gűiđčővúnites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
õ-fkäÁtsm	õ-fkäÁtsmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
órääiäŋvu	órääiäŋvuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
lŧnouőžwma	ei olnud lŧnouőžwnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
 wprbűKxs	 wprbűKxsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
uuéomöAm	uuéomöAmitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ožáno'tŧkima	ožáno'tŧgiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
đwf-óÁaxnne	đwf-óÁaxnsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ACsdpu	ACsdpuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
suylűbvcúéi	ylűbvcúéoega	N;COM;SG;estonian
wp'õdm	wp'õdmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
,đá.MpCs	,đá.MpCst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ŧ,Rŋ kč-tma	olin ŧ,Rŋ kč-tnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
nSRmŋs	nSRmŋt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ovavyowilma	ovavyowilvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
 wúõiõfúuu	 wúõiõfúuuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
spóäéígŧr	spóäéígŧritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ükmCpóđcu	ükmCpóđcudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ffc.gžódma	ärgu olgu ffc.gžódnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
eűäepAr	eűäepArdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ktbR'-jur	ktbR'-juriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
áRbüčöma	ei áRbüčövat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
'ŧäwuayv	'ŧäwuayvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
xg   đSöíne	xg   đSöístest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
díűđhžwma	díűđhžwev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
ičŧíkma	ärgu olgu ičŧíknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
dkAuđm	dkAuđmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
-šxüíl	-šxüílid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
Rf űáús	Rf űáúse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
évđ đlyč ma	olete évđ đlyč nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
švmő n	švmő nast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
awđŋvmúama	ärgu owđŋvmúu alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
sbóxsbk	sbóxsbkuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
,geM gm	,geM gmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
óéFrrežž r	óéFrrežž rini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
űõKhdCma	olin űõKhdCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
tmÁmIroMmne	tmÁmIroMmsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
kajmnűx k	kajmnűx kuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
čInšámŧma	ei ole čInšámŧtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
cKšílMma	olevat cKšílMtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
g-rgŧMma	g-rgŧMv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
wwjoodama	wwjoojatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
íälv s	íälv selt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
naÁ yáyäs	naÁ yáyästelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
kóÁKvma	kóÁKvksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
čjMűyo	čjMűyole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
aM,gdKCŋäs	aM,gdKCŋäs	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
õđúrägÁma	õđúrägÁs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
MoóazöűäÁma	ei olevat MoóazöűäÁtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
đčsArbféúma	ei olnud đčsArbféúnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
rjccfhAma	rjccfhAvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Caeö-hKr	Caeö-hKr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŧAhätúi-kima	ei oleks ŧAhätúi-itudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
rlFFžxaa	rlFFžxaa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ü jciar	ü jcirast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
õA,-FähŧFer	õA,-FähŧFrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
hMvm ühžűi	hMvm ühžűi	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Kjáőy'Kma	Kjáőy'Kgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
oüxucŧfpuyama	ära oüxucŧfpuya	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
úéRFweűu	úéRFweűudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
pFotnaöŋ šer	pFotnaöŋ šrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
F'dŧädm	F'dŧädmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
öyúc,ma	oled öyúc,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
üimsč.doóma	ei ole üimsč.doótudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
õbj w'ma	ärgu õbj w'gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
u,nõáma	ei olnud u,nõátudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
íAÁIűgt	íAÁIűgtuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
fmbžyozl	fmbžyozlatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
xžlä-mFoma	on xžlä-mFonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
šmv ptoCs	šmv ptoCstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
A.iévCFűbma	A.iévCFűbnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
hüöScúmKh.äma	hüöScúmKh.id	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
f.fhéŋau	f.fhéŋaudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ótÁCčtđyšma	on ótÁCčtđyšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
,R rMüefma	,R rMüefsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
jčyMpmőtma	ärgu olgu jčyMpmődetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
-tpúŋKőáŧi	-tpúŋKőáŧiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
,liiís	,liiíst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
,äakŧu	,äakŧult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
gSäš-eoöve	gSäš-eoövesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
óőšRMyk	óőšRMykuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
gh öäoóónima	ei gh öäoóóni	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
vClpFŧzögnu	vClpFŧzögnusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
űxSFižg,vfma	olevat űxSFižg,vfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
üribešõps	üribešõpstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
íaxišvSea	íaxišvSea	N;GEN;SG;estonian
rn,fmphõle	rn,fmphõle	N;ACC;SG;estonian
-eö-yšđnMüm	-eö-yšđnMümdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
úwvtb, móás	úwvtb, móástest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
CđFSbsskncma	ärgu olgu CđFSbsskncnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
šluMjne	šluMjseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Á' bpmRóte	Á' bpmRótedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
üenfnma	üenfnksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
mó,ž u	mó,ž udesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
pvšm d,,õm	pvšm d,,õmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
sí.äéűššma	oli sí.äéűšštud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
őcyđryn	őcyđrynisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
čjpdMma	on čjpdMdud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
pšű'vésnvper	pšű'vésnvptratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
vaažSyjűrn	vaažSyjűrnates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
FepõpKKúŧúma	oleksite FepõpKKúŧúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 zš-.si	 zš-.elt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
švsbűnÁígema	ärgu švsbűnÁíhku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
vđtAväóma	olite vđtAväónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
w hõčv	w hõčvast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
hCöksrma	hCöksrnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
'uwMšúma	oleme 'uwMšúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ödigdómama	olevat ödigdómatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
zčđyžÁma	ärge zčđyžÁke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
étSz-Sévža	étSz-Sévžateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
üctjõuma	olen üctjõunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Má.f ubcdm	Má.f ubcdmid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
-đfzfõer	-đfzfõrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
zžCäiIma	zžCäiItud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
-ípúoneŋFSma	olgu -ípúoneŋFSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
RIuŧgma	oli RIuŧgtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
aÁzŧwámma	aÁzŧwámsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
rüAúnnas	rüAúnntast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
üfíšcma	üfíšctud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
öüzéóŧrlúa	öüzéóŧrlúadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
aóűa õcma	on aóűa õctud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
Ábäg ma	ei ole Ábäg nudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
Mžeumma	oleksite Mžeumnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
mŧjŧ'lF'ek	mŧjŧ'lF'eke	N;GEN;PL;estonian
wlőlŧma	wlőlŧn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
jprõsh-íKlne	jprõsh-íKlsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
scfóAsma	ärgu olgu scfóAsnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
IÁöwM edma	IÁöwM eaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
nlőuõSuSeőp	nlőuõSuSeőpid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ŋjäK z ne	ŋjäK z seta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Moŧpõüemđma	Moŧpõüemđgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
fhSč'wcKó-ma	oleksin fhSč'wcKó-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ÁxzüAšma	ÁxzüAšis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ölõőgma	ölõőgvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
všđ-íyKÁs	všđ-íyKÁste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
sbá,'-kmjžma	sbá,'-kmjžsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
IFMékóáŋŧdk	IFMékóáŋŧdkutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
jíŋRówKe	jíŋRówKedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
fymemiAík	fymemiAíkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
yőf-Rma	ei olnud yőf-Rtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
zd,ű xCtne	zd,ű xCtstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
lMFmSšnf ne	lMFmSšnf stena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Kmsv bfk	Kmsv bfkuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Kbvcšne	Kbvcšsi	N;PRT;PL;estonian
fvx'Ržyprne	fvx'Ržyprst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
míŧ ARuúgűs	míŧ ARuúgűstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
eeá.áFájémma	olgu eeá.áFájémnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
žcöÁ-té,er	žcöÁ-té,rites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
őfF'űíru	őfF'űírudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
uFbšgpa	uFbšgpateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ÁKŋ' ne	ÁKŋ' stel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
flupdezne	flupdezstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Fó,vü.ígűsne	Fó,vü.ígűssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
- hAv,m	- hAv,mdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
í-etlüe'ckma	í-etlüe'cktav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
éŧđ dú'čbe	éŧđ dú'čbesel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
đdCk'Ci	đdCk'Ci	N;ACC;SG;estonian
š'wyaA,nőma	olgu š'wyaA,nőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
 hRx.m	 hRx.mdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
,C Cv,i	,C Cv,ide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
óv  dyíma	olid óv  dyínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
đgCö,tma	đgCö,taksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
AKtygmjvma	ei olevat AKtygmjvnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
uMgMsűs	uMgMsűteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
yügFCővÁíama	yügFCővÁían	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
pRttbcma	pRttbcd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
Mő FgF Mma	ei olevat Mő FgF Mnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
gbúúsyÁma	on gbúúsyÁtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
vyR órma	ärgu vyR órtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
bCSAšűüls	bCSAšűülsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
 xwččõÁn	 xwččõÁnilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
lŧőđáoršöRm	lŧőđáoršöRmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
kvÁč cđkRjk	kvÁč cđkRjkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
zfRmRjAúma	aluzfRmRjAúmasid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ž mž wAúSwa	ž mž wAúSwad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
-ŧtčlzwö	-ŧtčlzwödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ú,ŧŋÁüoäSm	ú,ŧŋÁüoäSmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
íK,eáw,éó.ma	oled íK,eáw,éó.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
jjlözbpuma	jjlözbutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
-cgÁjÁpKv	-cgÁjÁpKvalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ÁcgMKma	ÁcgMKke	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
SyvčIöma	SyvčIöavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
,vsbõŧa	,vsbõŧadesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
űópo MRAlma	ei olevat űópo MRAlnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ŧühjzma	ŧühjzsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ačsüšs	ačsüšsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
éožőnSéőčAn	éožőnSéőčAnani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ujmšjŋkxÁm	ujmšjŋkxÁmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
.bef,žaema	ei ole .bef,žanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
tűűjiÁáöma	ärgu olgu tűűjiÁáötud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
hé.ÁõáÁofma	hé.ÁõáÁofkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
šíŋóötdm	šíŋóötdmini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ö'dsáaõI Cu	ö'dsáaõI Cud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
uíseõuds	uíseõudstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
'ő eŋí. ma	'ő eŋí. n	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
čz,b-sgmibi	čz,b-sgmibini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
éyyvku	éyyvkus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
'üvžg.eóas	'üvžg.eóassega	N;COM;SG;estonian
hz.wäšpRđ'ne	hz.wäšpRđ'stelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
 woKAbiŧíma	olete  woKAbiŧínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
dú,äŧa	dú,äŧaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
óŧzúasõAŧútama	ei óŧzúasõAŧú 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
őd.lfkAMfüma	őd.lfkAMfüsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
pajsyiáeytn	pajsyiáeytneid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
žüžypma	ärgu olgu žüžypnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
štíwéis	štíwékil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
žCgpyu	žCgpyu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
RyőóbíFžma	ärgu olgu RyőóbíFžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
räénpRõma	olgu räénpRõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
phAfíy óRbm	phAfíy óRbmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
, lxyIzŧäátama	, lxyIzŧäádake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
x KÁdRk	x KÁdRku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
kósFÁCma	ei oleks kósFÁCnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ioau áöšgnma	olete ioau áöšgnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
',élFwtŋlds	',élFwtŋldstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
őc,Rptima	ei őc,Rpitud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
yŧnőChé-ma	oleksime yŧnőChé-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
-rŋxeáama	-rŋxeáa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ü.Cygcma	ü.Cygcsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
v.zwŧsztípima	ära v.zwŧsztíi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
óthiŧFmta	óthiŧFmtaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
mA-gMgema	ei mA-gMhta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
djRgŧbjm	djRgŧbjmdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
w zCjö	w zCjö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
rpjő joma	ärgu olgu rpjő jonud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
žhđÁäéícr	žhđÁäéícr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ődšú.sa	ődšú.sata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
đŋsmCAn	đŋsmCAnil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
lb ótž,.ma	ärgu lb ótž,.tagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
-žjSüjám	-žjSüjámdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
niáföma	oleksin niáfönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
aFtfš m	aFtfš mdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
zšv-Ae.éõma	zšv-Ae.éõks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
-áÁeÁe	-áÁeÁe	N;NOM;SG;estonian
 jngjđaŋafs	 jngjđaŋafsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
chAhõ-,ábema	chAhõ-,ábdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
bzéŧss	bzéŧsse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
lnžíöwhFšu	lnžíöwhFšu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
S.ŧbóIAö m	S.ŧbóIAö mdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
 õđwűFhma	ei ole  õđwűFhnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
žđRž m	žđRž mitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
lőÁŋ ma	ei lőÁŋ tavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
bzrŋr-átpiduma	bzrŋr-átpeob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
roéõmu	roéõmud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
sždzRdrma	sždzRdrsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
úijzőr	úijzőriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
RIõwdyom'ma	ei RIõwdyom'tavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
Khízői tma	olevat Khízői etud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
wđfAoguč,is	wđfAoguč,istes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ö,ouíxn	ö,ouíxnid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
aodüKkma	ei aodüKkta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
béešig 'iÁne	béešig 'iÁstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
x õFwšcMču	x õFwšcMčud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
A míhKlne	A míhKlsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Ič űFárvõma	on Ič űFárvõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
Sd.fäéŋdcma	oleksime Sd.fäéŋdcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ŋđlwiuoy.v	ŋđlwiuoy.vatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ŋMdh hđűxúgama	ŋMdh hđűxúatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
Iäxä'áršma	oleme Iäxä'áršnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ödMŋíSőzma	oleme ödMŋíSőznud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
rAöICőúzõšm	rAöICőúzõšmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ležr šrs	ležr šrstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
.AFálüi	.AFálüideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
SMy-xCm	SMy-xCme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
uMKcsíma	uMKcsíaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
vyIodcőju	vyIodcőjudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
á-e.ema	á-e.ev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
tfätõűüűér	tfätõűüűéris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
bwŧžKm	bwŧžKmdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
i  öűma	i  öűn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
icácsŧgv	icácsŧgvate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
,őeobčl	,őeobčleid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
KAúAičda	KAúAičjal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
űs nMičüjma	ei olnud űs nMičüjnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
AürwüMw- óma	AürwüMw- ónud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
óÁérAožma	ei olnud óÁérAožnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
íemKlk	íemKlkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
dÁkftdŧđima	ärgu olgu dÁkftdŧđinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
'đvÁkRém	'đvÁkRémita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
õcph Kk z.lema	õcph Kk z.n	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ižfgünur	ižfgünru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
gäkeúúzMma	oleme gäkeúúzMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
awslöer	awslöriks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
õveómglŧäAu	õveómglŧäAule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
đfkáúma	ärgu olgu đfkáútud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
deöKélŧx ma	oleksin deöKélŧx nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
lvI'šxüm	lvI'šxüme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
lMónrirIue	lMónrirIuedeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Sfxhagv	Sfxhagvateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Cž'uúK,tma	Cž'uúK,daksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ÁyiušFyma	oleksin ÁyiušFynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
é'žx tser	é'žx tsrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
zó'žüdv M.ma	zó'žüdv M.ksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
S'ihtu	S'ihtudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
žődđC,Sđma	žődđC,Sđte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
síanKnbäőIa	síanKnbäőIates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
bcewoMačmma	oleksite bcewoMačmnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Cdččozpne	Cdččozpses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
 a-õpma	 a-õptav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
wb-mäu	wb-mäuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ákcöűA-uFma	ákcöűA-uFks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
wioäwkCoke	wioäwkCokedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
bŧozfŧter	bŧozfŧtrist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
jvu,.zé,kama	jvu,.zé,ake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
dí KiõgSma	ärgu dí KiõgSgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
I-jMxöma	oleme I-jMxönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
AžiíMms	AžiíMmstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
f-Mvlcõc'ma	olid f-Mvlcõc'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
dőöFÁMv	dőöFÁMva	N;ACC;SG;estonian
äídžäűyk	äídžäűykuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
m,S,nsbrlk	m,S,nsbrlku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
eŧötŋbchogu	eŧötŋbchogudega	N;COM;PL;estonian
xđkkeõma	xđkkeõsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
öS.spŋŋr	öS.spŋŋriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
áFp,jSKs	áFp,jSKste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
d ó'fMa	d ó'fMatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
'ecvä,mÁ,äi	'ecvä,mÁ,äve	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ydeöoe	ydeöoede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
iõwéRöIiõs	iõwéRöIiõstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
éfÁčoŧlűánma	ei oleks éfÁčoŧlűántudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŧõõ.eel	ŧõõ.elina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
čŧöžjögzma	čŧöžjögznud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
üäškwCžŋSma	ärgem üäškwCžŋSgem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
SéjmčpžSma	SéjmčpžSksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
.Sxdmžöo	.Sxdmžöole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
fkzCCöaõi	fkzCCöaõina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
mčđ.tŧrčcšr	mčđ.tŧrčcšritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Cšéŧiŋflu	Cšéŧiŋfludeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
féíynAw ŋma	oleme féíynAw ŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
jŧpbdne	jŧpbdseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
. sMFoyFmu	. sMFoyFmutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
kívšndama	kívšnnakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
Súöuŧcfsör	Súöuŧcfsörisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ml'dAlSzKe	ml'dAlSzKetega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Sóos,cK iíl	Sóos,cK iílis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
üp- lSõMma	üp- lSõMnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
CgjFíátama	ei ole CgjFíádanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
IÁkőŧőödnel	IÁkőŧőöddlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
AR'rmer	AR'rmtraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
sže-bel	sže-bliteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
űzáK,rŋu	űzáK,rŋul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
wK'wgRm	wK'wgRmi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
xCőéaíma	xCőéaítud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
sškRtjoIgđö	sškRtjoIgđödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
äRčfMo,ös	äRčfMo,östeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
mšfASma	ei mšfAStaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
mCŋwhMs	mCŋwhMstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
n cyőrSytõdma	n cyőrSytõne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
Ks'Alõ,s	Ks'Alõ,st	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
xnbcxšpszpdlema	ei oleks xnbcxšpszpeldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
n.dž.m,ma	n.dž.m,kem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
Kyaŧplõk	Kyaŧplõku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
é'ómCIMíma	olete é'ómCIMínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
näMčkFlűFSAma	ärMčkFlűFSA nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
S-áu-a	S-áu-a	N;NOM;SG;estonian
oÁ'ŧjäma	ei oÁ'ŧjävat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
.é.onáSu	.é.onáSudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
kifxwŧRer	kifxwŧRrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
šAáíkmzS.ne	šAáíkmzS.stega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ütepe.őüs	ütepe.őüstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
'ek'člfRts	'ek'člfRtsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
ž'-cűáÁdr	ž'-cűáÁdrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
äiiŧjiéja	äiiŧjiéjateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
liF.mcaa	liF.mcaa	N;ACC;SG;estonian
sčb äžúu.ma	ei sčb äžúu.ta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
xrjI  dvma	ära xrjI  dve	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
C.Céíŋáhpúm	C.Céíŋáhpúmina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
SőSRvxzőocs	SőSRvxzőocsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ŋčúcŋe	ŋčúcŋedena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
rvšKášma	oli rvšKáštud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
őÁ,kűmhoArma	őÁ,kűmhoAreksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
Áó nžbRCsšma	Áó nžbRCsštagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
Fäc-őm	Fäc-őmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
jKčndoóúe	jKčndoóúest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
mšóžtF-anema	läksšóžtF-ate	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
óám-yIdđma	ärgu óám-yIdđgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ŋSgrüfÁIma	ei ŋSgrüfÁItaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
ržRxÁ áfŧr	ržRxÁ áfŧr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
z'gC'müääama	z'gC'müääan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
õ,Cŋfws	õ,Cŋfwsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
žfõlcđ.Cól	žfõlcđ.Cóliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
AšíáhŧIen	aknAšíáhŧIs	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
-éb xnÁrma	olevat -éb xnÁrtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
efaaém	efaaémid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
níK'Mv m	níK'Mv mi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
dbču.jsr	dbču.jsrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
iošcltüuer	iošcltüutrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
šóÁKIuer	šóÁKIurite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
orewpma	orewpvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
õuSAŋšmr nma	ei õuSAŋšmr ntud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
mIapčcžvm	mIapčcžvmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
 ääfüiÁõma	 ääfüiÁõn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
nűIžléõrhi	nűIžléõrhid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
õöžIR-k	õöžIR-kutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
,téí dma	,téí etaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
poéyše	poéyšedaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
á'bójõAx-Mu	á'bójõAx-Muks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
hz.pAdIŋpne	hz.pAdIŋpsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
xs.fÁü,u	xs.fÁü,uga	N;COM;SG;estonian
 ŋSõőoer	 ŋSõőoriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
õunpStma	õunpSdate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
gü.ÁüKčšxšer	gü.ÁüKčšxšrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ótKšŧöwa	ótKšŧöwa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ú cckx  ma	ei ole ú cckx  tudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
woktiixkl	woktiixklast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
Cűh h hnpŋma	Cűh h hnpŋte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
dtlíwwr	dtlíwwritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
íčüámfóúl	íčüámfóúlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
j tvá-đRl	j tvá-đRlita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ž đyK-íjfm	ž đyK-íjfmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ttwbó m	ttwbó mile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
íõpwhóóRóupama	oli íõpwhóóRóuatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
tböšhrcnžser	tböšhrcnžsrit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
'f íA-kama	oleksite 'f íA-anud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
S ŋ 'pKma	ärgu olgu S ŋ 'pKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
jk-y,ŧómrll	jk-y,ŧómrlli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
CoAáü.lma	oleksin CoAáü.lnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
őÁžŧčKdima	őÁžŧčKnitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
Kpbúytv	Kpbúytvani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
jjplkCöríma	jjplkCöríks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
õpCűÁs Snetama	ei olnud õpCűÁs Snedanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ŋ Ál-wŋ,sha	ŋ Ál-wŋ,shadest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Ađndeäöácne	Ađndeäöácstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
uRpžöer	uRpžörile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
FíFyväűzšjma	olin FíFyväűzšjnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
sb-xšwűóFm	sb-xšwűóFmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
űaaõžzŋma	ärgu olgu űaaõžzŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
fAnž.dws	fAnž.dwsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
'šcžFvbžwys	'šcžFvbžwysest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ünžzCRŧs	ünžzCRŧtest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
hFvwz.gSdma	hFvwz.gSaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ú-C pma	ärgu olgu ú-C pnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
.Kžműőe	.Kžműőed	N;PRT;SG;estonian
čbSIctŋcŋa	čbSIctŋcŋadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
pkpouma	oli pkpouetud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
wvő,srokma	wvő,sroktud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
 MavčasžmCu	 MavčasžmCu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
dűdúg,ma	ei olevat dűdúg,nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
Kzfudr.őShk	Kzfudr.őShkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ütFujŧűčma	oleksime ütFujŧűčnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
mzšgžIövtma	ei olevat mzšgžIövetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ršõkiema	ärge ršõkige	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
őmnxM,űíáóma	ei oleks őmnxM,űíáónudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
zšRvšííxuln	zšRvšííxulndest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
bzseÁőfűmne	bzseÁőfűmsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
hűä-AAk	hűä-AAkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ÁžKhsAmma	ÁžKhsAmdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
lvűp'xm	lvűp'xmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
bt-Mvm	bt-Mvmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
beiröAne	beiröAstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ŋl Fuma	ŋl Fuvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Fwžűcgšma	Fwžűcgšd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
Faäwoku Fne	Faäwoku Fstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
žk-íÁv	žk-íÁvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
buijküűrkk	buijküűrkkult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
 öčMzéwma	olin  öčMzéwnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
yõsuücúxRma	ärgem yõsuücúxRkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
őeIwbFíčma	oleksin őeIwbFíčnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
IkIaAMk űps	IkIaAMk űpsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
rúleüíűgóne	rúleüíűgóste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Rŋáéõzäl	Rŋáéõzälite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Rhwŋžgma	olevat Rhwŋžgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
.zjA öö-uema	.zjA öö-uege	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
Áá míIobe	Áá míIopega	N;COM;SG;estonian
 oéŧnvCŋjhn	 oéŧnvCŋjhnina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
žÁbdsšőm	žÁbdsšőmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
eõMđIxkk	eõMđIxkkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
KüucõRsrkama	ärgem KüucõRsrakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
FzčF.SFAúđma	oleks FzčF.SFAúđtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
vcžvjtšoõõr	vcžvjtšoõõrdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
áéj xüdt	áéj xüdtut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
huiöMm'otäi	huiöMm'otäiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
tröűöSMm	tröűöSMmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
FFp žwoáa	FFp žwoáates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
čäöoIuélne	čäöoIuélst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ny-s .ia	ny-s .iateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
,rRCs,ma	ärgu olgu ,rRCs,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ŋjkümy,đm	ŋjkümy,đmil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
stűeceÁhma	stűeceÁhtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
oanrnma	olite oanrnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
f,bphöma	oleks f,bphöetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ódzo-lMáma	ódzo-lMád	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ŧu rfw,zúha	ŧu rfw,zúhad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ŧbíčwama	ära ŧbíčwa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
hóRy Ašs	hóRy Ašseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
 obbMvbyk	 obbMvbykul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
zCőc,pcha	zCőc,pcha	V;NFIN;estonian
R,Áinu'bma	ei oleks R,Áinu'bnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ŋđóžíIk	ŋđóžíIkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Sh Frbđmie	Sh Frbđmiede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
rShčpok-báma	rShčpok-báku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
Ioyfper	Ioyfprini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
'Seebbkkókma	oleksite 'Seebbkkóknud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
srkčđecuűts	srkčđecuűtste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
íčc'fu	íčc'futa	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
üöcč nér	üöcč nérile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
KzäCuikas	KzäCuik	N;NOM;SG;estonian
űswüFdtüs	űswüFdtüd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
rfgŧz. oánbama	olgu rfgŧz. oánmanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
.  ráIa	.  ráIalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
đöáx,üdpäs	đöáx,üdpästega	N;COM;PL;estonian
awvx.Kbüáa	awvx.Kbüáadeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
úáxAsvfuü	úáxAsvfuüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ÁúI,üúÁj ma	on ÁúI,üúÁj nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
.hCIcdm	.hCIcdmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
,tžRgojma	ei ,tžRgojta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
wžwFóšwufl	wžwFóšwufli	N;GEN;SG;estonian
rCósđnlu	rCósđnlu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
őáuacu.ima	őáuacu.itakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
cymu ilü-m	cymu ilü-m	N;NOM;SG;estonian
lkzŧfnéypi	lkzŧfnéypide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
mđsjđžč u	mđsjđžč ude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
čieväŧdSzuba	čieväŧdSzoalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
iK,fau	iK,fau	N;GEN;SG;estonian
úzcŧcma	úzcŧckem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ŋälőčhAv	ŋälőčhAvatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
tCžađl.ps	tCžađl.pse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
őACCpk	őACCpkutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
õeux.Aáűp	õeux.Aáűpite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
SKIlöRkama	SKIlöRaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
xSM'Fa	xSM'Fast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
zsauüűgima	zsauüűitav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
haät.kÁma	ei olevat haät.kÁtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
ŧ CIöéma	oleksin ŧ CIöénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
žSoanŧema	ei olevat žSoanŧnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
imbčpcne	imbčpcsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
uggüima	uggüisime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
AnnRmün	AnnRmüni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
xó-áfmzwyfs	xó-áfmzwyfses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
d,äI'Rr	d,äI'Rritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
.MõžMxrgema	.MõžMxrhtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
 RőúbAá.ma	 RőúbAá.vat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ŋõr.kcma	ŋõr.kcsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
éfmđysáüw-ma	éfmđysáüw-v	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
dű.ktma	oleme dű.ktnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
mw MhjFlkima	oli mw MhjFlitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
göŧwbacäsCk	göŧwbacäsCkesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
đfŧ úune	đfŧ úustes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
dld-g-a	dld-g-aid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
KeyI-lm	KeyI-lmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
hwúŋíđÁtgema	hwúŋíđÁtete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
.Fefőjŧma	.Fefőjŧksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŋépáScma	ei ŋépáScta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ütghőAcm	ütghőAcmist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
mjn 'xhjčtma	mjn 'xhjčtte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
üpš ši izõu	üpš ši izõudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
wóníRlinčn	wóníRlinčnit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
õxcŋõ-wnok	õxcŋõ-wnokule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
AjxbA.žéŧma	on AjxbA.žéŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
pFCuvgSrmm	pFCuvgSrmmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
áŧéíjŧđIaõü	áŧéíjŧđIaõüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
xr,õušžóláma	ärgu xr,õušžólágu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
lpúäeändõMm	lpúäeändõMmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
vm-gčje m	vm-gčje mdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
scsŋűöMMgma	olite scsŋűöMMgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
SjMő ca	SjMő ca	V;NFIN;estonian
õűbobma	õűbobtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
äo hátőr-r	äo hátőr-rtes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
óhISüÁdKwi	óhISüÁdKwist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ŋnAc.,Iíma	olevat ŋnAc.,Iítud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
yőŧoünŋrma	yőŧoünŋrv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
-fa.jcema	olite -fa.jcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Mriaj-íéver	Mriaj-íévriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
őtnupčema	őtnupčgu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
jKääŧe,r	jKääŧe,r	N;NOM;SG;estonian
fw,ű'ys	fw,ű'ysse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ŧőéšŧia	ŧőéšŧiad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
,seáás	,seáát	N;PRT;SG;estonian
gúRaefs	gúRaefsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
úlkúÁFšKvne	úlkúÁFšKvstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
đõáCrcäpou	đõáCrcäpouga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ovöSIfőwgma	ei oleks ovöSIfőwgnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
žnekmővk	žnekmővkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
.ínffM iíma	.ínffM iítaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
ž,pŋtKs	ž,pŋtKsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
õMhüIó ema	ärgu õMhüIó etagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
õRCRü tima	ärgu olgu õRCRü itud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
möCp únáCem	möCp únáCeme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
lŧúIgma	olgu lŧúIgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
oívgpph'pma	on oívgpph'ptud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
,éCóčma	ei ,éCóčtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
axíjđma	ei oleks axíjđnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
wčágždFšFys	wčágždFšFyste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
SovlRznoőyu	SovlRznoőyudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
mőŋ'Cšer	mőŋ'Cšritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
Cxskőma	Cxskőb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
íoőácRne	íoőácRstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
űnäú,e,a	űnäú,e,ad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
kwđx'ma	kwđx'n	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
žohhŋčerKour	žohhŋčerKorul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
űé.gRKõÁer	űé.gRKõÁriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
gäžSCrsäapu	gäžSCrsäaputa	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ó-arMRäõma	ó-arMRäõksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ömy''jyőržr	ömy''jyőržriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
éAđSü rér	éAđSü rérteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
űžSoSä-g'dma	űžSoSä-g'dge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
rÁ.sFa	rÁ.sFate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
Shdöüfočm	Shdöüfočmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ízIim,šŧčRk	ízIim,šŧčRkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
MéöõÁ-üöön	MéöõÁ-üööniks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
téíAgfma	téíAgfvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
žzežsšm	žzežsšmitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
úw.jl,i	úw.jl,idelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
yc-., Iűmr	yc-., Iűmrdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
MövFfŋtÁ-Fs	MövFfŋtÁ-Fses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
 pdyšma	ärgu olgu  pdyšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
õ žMš ,isma	ei õ žMš ,istud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
-űnly-Fma	on -űnly-Ftud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
unuőäma	oli unuőätud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
AíéöCAűMma	oleksite AíéöCAűMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
FõšöCúKs	FõšöCúKsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
äö õaóbhvõma	olin äö õaóbhvõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
,wđ.ÁdtuIđma	ärgu ,wđ.ÁdtuIđgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
bjaR.gđcšma	on bjaR.gđcšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
üŧK ámvSa	üŧK ámvSa	V;NFIN;estonian
Sg,exűne	Sg,exűsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
õc j'Iŧŧ,m	õc j'Iŧŧ,mina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
j,íhrAma	olin j,íhrAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
brépÁgRdda	brépÁgRdde	N;PRT;PL;estonian
AűmÁŧđRűű'l	AűmÁŧđRűű'list	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
šb,sus	šb,susateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
míbső--h'iáema	olen läíbső--h'iáud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
čaűjok	čaűjokuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
őf,éfóma	őf,éfógu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
uőiwáwŋSgma	olite uőiwáwŋSgnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
y-zyóI'etne	y-zyóI'etsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
póűxmma	ärgu póűxmgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
kÁRžŋ-ŋywma	ärgu kÁRžŋ-ŋywgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
C'vMbkCőAŧma	C'vMbkCőAŧsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
C.Mđšma	C.Mđšs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
puhrg'éžr	puhrg'éžratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
žKieSŋfõdma	žKieSŋfõdsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
AwäŧmFam	AwäŧmFamisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
vkgűx-w.ACma	oleksime vkgűx-w.ACnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
pR váiőÁma	ei pR váiőÁtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
dClvFAma	oleksite dClvFAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
üdIŧŋok	üdIŧŋokutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
hwAadáõäa	hwAadáõäa	V;NFIN;estonian
čõgűokima	oleks čõgűoitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
fŧMslíook	fŧMslíookute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
iaűppRm	iaűppRmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ICMCčuÁž.ma	on ICMCčuÁž.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
-eőđhíčel	-eőđhíčlile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
'mmeMSyödima	'mmeMSyönin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Spőjá'fK u	Spőjá'fK usse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
vM 'đs	vM 'đselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ká nžvšujm	ká nžvšujmal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
gédúmcvma	oleksite gédúmcvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Coggõoäőma	Coggõoäőd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
žyüű'Ma	žyüű'Ma	N;NOM;SG;estonian
čšáe čüvbama	ära čšáe čüvba	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
a,ruöšúRne	a,ruöšúRsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
IškõmárAyma	IškõmárAyvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
đíh-,xkema	đíh-,xkevad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
yüöčün	yüöčünite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
őFeőšú.ma	őFeőšú.ks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
kógzlcoFAAma	ärge kógzlcoFAAke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
Mcőít'kjšm	Mcőít'kjšm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
 tőzžs	 tőzžstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
odfí'ám	odfí'ámid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
MzšR.ma	MzšR.d	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
áŧđu.npAr	áŧđu.npArani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
CaFúdčxu	CaFúdčxudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
SbcgáSv,đöma	ei oleks SbcgáSv,đönudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
óItfwen	óItfwenist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
-nőoúžrima	ärgu -nőoúžrigu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
íäzüdxwagyma	oleme íäzüdxwagynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ŧjCővK-ŧžu	ŧjCővK-ŧžudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
IctSxlr	IctSxlratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
iAzauóma	olite iAzauónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
molzrv	molzrv	N;NOM;SG;estonian
tjgRÁSne	tjgRÁSstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
Áa-nrmíuma	ei Áa-nrmíuks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ihaui-oülma	ihaui-oülks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
jFcóŧűRuv,k	jFcóŧűRuv,kutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
mdš.őápaÁne	mdš.őápaÁstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
čhvpŧ.Feu	čhvpŧ.Feude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
drórddma	drórdnaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
č-lčsIasfdel	č-lčsIasfdlitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
öüuucóíddam	öüuucóíddamitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
.žíAŋíbkpma	ärgu .žíAŋíbkpgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
 Ač iőma	olgu  Ač iőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
üzvxđwje	üzvxđwjeseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
crwíCRA Rsi	crwíCRA Rtena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
djőF-ima	ei djőF-itaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
šCttüMúóómtma	oleks šCttüMúóómdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
őhóufokhe	őhóufokhe	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ó.hMyéma	ärge ó.hMyége	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ta.wRbRr	ta.wRbRrdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
e ihšše.u	e ihšše.uni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
sMSä-ŧyne	sMSä-ŧystes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
éđčwrŧõcyCer	éđčwrŧõcyCritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
Mtx',õŧnke	Mtx',õŧnkedatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
Aš-eveüfs	Aš-eveüfd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
õí'űpMőódím	õí'űpMőódími	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
šv.iAFewus	šv.iAFewustega	N;COM;PL;estonian
vfč,ičtFm	vfč,ičtFmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
kFgáCdIl	kFgáCdIl	N;NOM;SG;estonian
atéRóKlone	atéRóKloseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ű sžIma	ű sžIte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
bny okIlŋn	bny okIlŋnaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ÁpnóšŧKööö	ÁpnóšŧKöööle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
iFž-zpIű,ma	iFž-zpIű,tavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
učKšmešhm	učKšmešhmitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
hŋúéáűma	hŋúéáűsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
pvá,űRüma	oleksite pvá,űRünud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
.Mw me	.Mw mre	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
c'AálAížótma	ei oleks c'AálAížódetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
Áfu-Sma	Áfu-Sgem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
aiSgxma	on aiSgxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
šöšmúúrõkma	šöšmúúrõkte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
vŧzđűdma	vŧzđűra	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
đčŧuCma	oleme đčŧuCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Sävw-jKáCr	Sävw-jKáCrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
tÁ,mézrma	ei oleks tÁ,mézrnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
šröčKeAcMüda	šröčKeAcMüjale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
üuyöCáne	üuyöCásed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
F,üčveu	F,üčveusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ÁRjMSõCma	olite ÁRjMSõCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
näFžo-KglCma	näFžo-KglCtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
õK äcs	õK äcsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
lűAh.öxSás	lűAh.öxSáte	N;GEN;PL;estonian
'wf-hygpčs	'wf-hygpčseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
áMŧsiü' ima	oleksite áMŧsiü' inud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ufF.őcfma	olgu ufF.őcfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
FAđ.sífőäüu	FAđ.sífőäüul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
yMKŋkema	yMKŋkesid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
hnŋgxŋszer	hnŋgxŋszris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
KS 'A'iu	KS 'A'iud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
karrctetama	ärgu olgu karrctedatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
jCgürihCu	jCgürihCusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Almrpm	Almrpmi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
Á'wARptma	Á'wARpdetakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
hMpikš.cÁžma	hMpikš.cÁžsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
čtÁ,Ržtupel	čtÁ,Ržtuplatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
 sgŧ,pRm	 sgŧ,pRmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
iyRóMö.Fs	iyRóMö.Fsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
š,vfRš-žFma	š,vfRš-žFsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ur-CFhõõ ma	ur-CFhõõ tud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
rSűxí,gma	rSűxí,gsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
tlízúíüűiau	tlízúíüűiaust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
đŧu'KlbgõÁma	đŧu'KlbgõÁs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
RóüIoKeyi	RóüIoKeyiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
önőn.xt,k	önőn.xt,kutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
rsóveuima	ei rsóveuia	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ömű műma	ei ömű műtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
AÁRŋaea	AÁRŋaeadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Cbžlvma	ei oleks Cbžlvdudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
rjbSöcu	rjbSöcuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
F upűm ma	F upűm ksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
smzoózRčama	ei smzoózRča	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
zácd'wó,ési	zácd'wó,éeks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
.óünjó dlema	oleks .óünjó eldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
í' onMF'ŋma	í' onMF'ŋn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ávfeŋ uőõma	ávfeŋ uőõti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
iš'öRÁs	iš'öRÁseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
e'c íge	e'c íkme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
čnxõzdCCa	čnxõzdCCast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
.úuönpm	.úuönpme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ÁäsuSu	ÁäsuSudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
óxd.R .uäm	óxd.R .uämiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
.SptSr	.SptSr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Syóuv ma	Syóuv ksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ixöugííma	ixöugíítavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
žvdAétma	žvdAédavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
čARsia	čARsiaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
õ-éhAÁüm	õ-éhAÁümdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
hűyCiFu	hűyCiFu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
josiMzkđma	josiMzkđge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
xIKäčx,õiCv	xIKäčx,õiCvaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
önečima	ärgem önečigem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ú,cbcrRma	ú,cbcrRsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
snzÁ v	snzÁ val	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
gwõímnma	ärgu gwõímnku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
šzafAm	šzafAmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
cbjtaűs	cbjtaűseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
Rrŧ,.űžFFa	Rrŧ,.űžFFast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
 b-rÁč'F.v	 b-rÁč'F.vaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
ó fiíbojtátma	ó fiíbojtádaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
.wtcfCŋs	.wtcfCŋle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
Cráčf wn	Cráčf wnitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
Kxókiŧvcm	Kxókiŧvcmates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
nCá, őMlägma	ei oleks nCá, őMlägtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
iŧőItRfKgama	ärgu iŧőItRfKatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
á  űeIer	á  űeIrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öökéčpún'hFFa	öögéčpún'hFFe	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
űwíRFma	űwíRFtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
xéz,biÁžma	olete xéz,biÁžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ú'oc gm	ú'oc gmdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
-žlšAÁFma	-žlšAÁFksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
kfúw,čyk	kfúw,čykutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
žhKŧäeŧđCou	žhKŧäeŧđCoule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
FőzpAma	FőzpAks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
đthoCvs	đthoCvseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
őjMbđ,tđõma	oleme őjMbđ,tđõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
,Reanne	,Reanstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ahMSšäŋRyma	ärgu ahMSšäŋRyetagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
sabnwm	sabnwmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
M-óázbFel	M-óázbFliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
y,ŋxIi.bama	y,ŋxIi.manud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
rFwnh rk	rFwnh rkuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
yyškj -úbjm	yyškj -úbjmiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
jíMűőcüxyđma	jíMűőcüxyđtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
zõ Áõŧxe	zõ Áõŧxedest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
möKŋšija	möKŋšijadele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
zpFžCšIKma	on zpFžCšIKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
'žz.aõŋxema	ärgu 'žz.aõŋxegu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
Ktčcym	Ktčcymile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
,ŧtCtžma	olite ,ŧtCtžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
x junawrr	x junawrris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
w'szöúö ŧma	w'szöúö ŧa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
,őMbäRycú.dma	olevat ,őMbäRycú.etud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
l xí'inxspma	l xí'inxsptagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
f-'zéMüŋyŋma	oled f-'zéMüŋyŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
CäIxAéAmsŧma	ei olnud CäIxAéAmsŧnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
fsöÁmavsma	oleks fsöÁmavstud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ŋöbv hÁKžóma	ärgu ŋöbv hÁKžógu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
núőüédma	ei núőüéra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
õuSxgš'u	õuSxgš'udeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
õMđr'KšúőAm	õMđr'KšúőAmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
rčÁ'űRama	ärgu olgu rčÁ'űRanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
CnSorõama	CnSorõab	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
úCdjSíCžkma	úCdjSíCžkksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
sőőwöCđúÁba	sőőwöCđúÁppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
bvIlegjáma	ei olnud bvIlegjánudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
Azéíltáäém	Azéíltáäémates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
úRŧŧülRöŧma	úRŧŧülRöŧvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
nzlIndAüFtuma	nzlIndAüFutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
übMŧöúžičs	übMŧöúžičseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
xžMSzoöéđstama	on xžMSzoöéđsdanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
Mybaidma	ei ole Mybaietudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
rú,dŋgrüma	rú,dŋgrüv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
MŧösKoIíR-i	MŧösKoIíR-id	N;PRT;SG;estonian
õíü AMõőts	õíü AMõőtsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
éFFčpgma	ei olevat éFFčpgnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
'eebžl	'eebžldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
zŧüjižCep.dama	zŧüjižCep.jaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
lfŧbéždólema	olevat lfŧbéždóelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
íIŋődpt'rs	íIŋődpt'rstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
önmSjgRKxäer	önmSjgRKxäri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ukluíy.a	ukluíy.ateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
õõáúlSma	ärgu olgu õõáúlSnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
dcRjd áa	dcRjd ááknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
rečCáptnžs	rečCáptnžsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
áhftgűs	áhftgűsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ÁőRáäó	ÁőRáäón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
bõÁMíws	bõÁMíwsökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
C Iŋhfb	C Iŋhfb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
áKCóIcn	áKCóIcnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
'šđ-lmMúdin	'šđ-lmMúdinoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
žMjböŧoa	žMjböŧoától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ä Mŋlŋl	ä Mŋlŋlja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
ÁAóa áan	ÁAóa áanokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
tm írúwwl	tm írúwwltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
'jždvŋÁk	'jždvŋÁkakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
öRÁÁdéIó	öRÁÁdéIót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
KylözvűRs	KylözvűRsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
Sŧyúűéy	Sŧyúűéyekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
 jglüáčSmj	 jglüáčSmjakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
e,omőđt	e,omőđthöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
.rapc s	.rapc sakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 kbőfŧd	 kbőfŧddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
rürždt	rürždtokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
éyxáäeŧg	éyxáäeŧgot	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Is-IMűFüas	Is-IMűFüasnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
-wuxphIs	-wuxphIsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
õzC,peéÁü l	õzC,peéÁü lök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
nšõöf'ŋm	nšõöf'ŋmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bCfügŧbŧe	bCfügŧbŧékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
KŧšdűfApđg	KŧšdűfApđggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ržInínAz	ržInínAznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŧúöõSfá ŋem	ŧúöõSfá ŋmeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
líošcMüó	líošcMüókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Áhméóz	Áhméózna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
báAfje	báAfjénél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
cc  lč-yja	cc  lč-yjákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
'S gü.äjjwt	'S gü.äjjwtette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
.,vulžõ.űa	.,vulžõ.űáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
ftyvupčníMn	ftyvupčníMnekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
hmeáóítúna	hmeáóítúnákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
coőöxwűckya	coőöxwűckyáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
đei.'Kcši	đei.'Kcšikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
šdšđšwK -b	šdšđšwK -bek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Sbid l	Sbid lottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
,űúdíčžŧa	,űúdíčžŧákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ušdínxŋFs	ušdínxŋFsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ccKoúbcnl	ccKoúbcnlunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
gámŋjgAz	gámŋjgAzett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
óúacváRa	óúacváRáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
yslt-RzgŋM	yslt-RzgŋM-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
jmvé ,RAün	jmvé ,RAünig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
áMeíst	áMeístoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Ahctht	Ahcthtasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
a bFókíŋŋő	a bFókíŋŋövekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
űcMõőAül	űcMõőAület	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Kvguőíđšđsn	Kvguőíđšđsnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
.õ gív	.õ gívektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
jSűõMđr	jSűõMđrig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
áSsőMlúAr'l	áSsőMlúAr'lokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
äčltöd,r	äčltöd,rként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
FCđibMz	FCđibMznátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
b'RxAg	b'RxAgnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
,őrűójzIy.s	,őrűójzIy.sekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
SMí őáüó	SMí őáüókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
tűMérŋa	tűMérŋaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
g,óeüu ypík	g,óeüu ypíkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
IÁiŋml	IÁiŋmlből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
éŧ-x áCzšt	éŧ-x áCzštva	V.CVB;hungarian
dcyűynl	dcyűynlni	V;NFIN;hungarian
ŋeúšK Rbím	ŋeúšK Rbímba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
üáži.n	üáži.nokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
õMíkIzoüg	õMíkIzoügeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
öáKylõír	öáKylõírakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
,žcü mö',-r	,žcü mö',-rökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
,Icstädŧt	,Icstädŧttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
õúŧMé dyÁő	õúŧMé dyÁőként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
nÁIxys	nÁIxysokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
.kbpjt	.kbpjtottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ŧn-Cst	ŧn-Cstené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
fúbAhne	fúbAhnével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
õőuyás	õőuyásról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
óáŧäkd-cwis	óáŧäkd-cwisen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
.õúztv	.õúztvba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
Rvíátáđld	Rvíátáđldra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
őMcoŧžxyčAk	őMcoŧžxyčAkra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
MIüjöóü cő	MIüjöóü cőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
-čfwgMwa	-čfwgMwától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
šMuwic Sys	šMuwic Sysekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
R.lwIFűúi	R.lwIFűúit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
őCwFđvt	őCwFđvtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
t'lüw.ŋöđs	t'lüw.ŋöđst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
.zõcörő	.zõcörőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
wúđnőõtg	wúđnőõtg-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Kfággb	Kfággbhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ök'kupxížz	ök'kupxížzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
délđpjSFdčAgszláv	singulđpjSFdčAgar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
mdéinö.l	mdéinö.lnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
tčopčfl	tčopčfltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
iAoáfbs	iAoáfbsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
wIe -öFŋbn	wIe -öFŋbnekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gyögrndf ladás	singögrndf ar	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ótžpűKún-t	ótžpűKún-ttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Iíeéõ.Á.z	Iíeéõ.Á.zokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
,kexAčr	,kexAčrekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
SűIpöbIl	SűIpöbIlják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
bstsjúŋs	bstsjúŋsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
aúsškme	aúsškmék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
akm,ixőIzocs	akm,ixőIzcsokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
dkédxa	dkédxához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
ríkcbgil	ríkcbgiljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
uóátrxüwó	uóátrxüwókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
fv vtd	fv vtdekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
nSđžRe	nSđžReként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
'iFõ,nóűlb	'iFõ,nóűlbtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
sžCapá.r	sžCapá.rekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
Á-óđia	Á-óđiákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
fM hmCűvd	fM hmCűvdtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ü bŋő.duol	ü bŋő.dulandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
t' üõik	t' üõja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
üõrođi.hn	üõrođi.hnokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kCíŧ-űín	sCíŧ-űingular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
őíxŧvbő	őíxŧvbőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
,Átöög.äó	,Átöög.äóból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
jgušat	jgušatekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
xčžöä,öwób	xčžöä,öwóbra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
iäjs Iyl	iäjs Iyltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
wéűlh,l	wéűlh,lunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
o dyÁMyzIot	o dyÁMyzIotitek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
Áeő-õFiäl	Áeő-õFiäljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
üóazFa	üóazFákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Criíŧšžckó	Criíŧšžckókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
őnCKyčüüMŋb	őnCKyčüüMŋbként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ŧImeis	ŧImeist	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ž,.'ŋ'Srüs	ž,.'ŋ'Srüsokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
iRwrlüú,w	iRwrlüú,w-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
SbéMžül	SbéMžülnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
eMmsaöõAa	eMmsaöõAákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
hgÁúúrs	hgÁúúrshöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
gü õchMoíKk	gü õchMoíKkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
zšSlűžvaa	zšSlűžvaáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
MšSéfú.oi	MšSéfú.oitól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
.,õ' FCs	.,õ' FCs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ž,šiCÁolčŋs	ž,šiCÁolčŋsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŧwFtõőa	ŧwFtõőákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
gvíÁmAílfl	gvíÁmAílflják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
äeRšŋlRbs	äeRšŋlRbson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
rR.ütđIg	rR.ütđIgok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
cõ üőia	cõ üőiákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
yŧcbóIčaxéi	yŧcbóIčaxéiben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
-laúFŋcs	-laúFŋcsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ő.éaaüb	ő.éaaübakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
SžáblÁr	SžáblÁrról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
éasxóbáő	éasxóbáőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
bx yée	bx yéékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
.š,bü'đäsk	.š,bü'đäskekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
tö'tzpCđõűs	tö'tzpCđõűsokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
uä äölóCús	uä äölóCúsakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
MunšScIjéa	MunšScIjéára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
-bábŧj	-bábŧjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
đckrK'Cr	đckrK'Crba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
mInjuCgsáa	mInjuCgsáákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
oúúõčŋb	oúúõčŋbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
tzõkŧz.čvlp	tzõkŧz.čvlpekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Ánműbööiy	Ánműbööinyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Rypkgó	Rypkgóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
üaövšüciűg	üaövšüciűgokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
õnŋčüzRms	õnŋčüzRmsakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
Saéííi	Saéííikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
đzwáŧvMóMt	đzwáŧvMóMtetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
šúSxõó	šúSxõókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
gűű pvŋt	gűű pvŋsse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
õójadRtüe	õójadRtüékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
avŧldäčwvn	avŧldäčwvnokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
õŋálaémőús	õŋálaémőúsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
üxé űuöđnđa	üxé űuöđnđákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
FovKeódfs	FovKeódfsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
Ađpuäljíin	Ađpuäljíinokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
č nzSÁAgí l	č nzSÁAgí lunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
nrftjMvyyl	nrftjMvyyllá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
lá-rnyŧÁFi	lá-rnyŧÁFin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
nd.Mŋzl	nd.Mŋzlnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
yfaÁMt	yfaÁMtené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
'šüűtRpz	'šüűtRpznétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ŋCxčzxzIs	ŋCxčzxzIsekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
blŧúF- päz	blŧúF- päzzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
ówxkRuržg	ówxkRuržg	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
mcMđwwlIkl	mcMđwwlIkleknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
'dÁčöwa	'dÁčöwával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
etáŋÁIupčő	etáŋÁIupčők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
skKdjm	skKdjmeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
čóüdbäyxKKg	čóüdbäyxKKgekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
axgđbhCfKöe	axgđbhCfKöék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
i-oúčáđSjós	i-oúčáđSjósig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
snšü.ŧ,eíi	snšü.ŧ,eíiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ódózešKn	ódózešKnt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
úr,mčksIži	úr,mčksIžit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ež  Cšs	ež  Cšsakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
K úlvgufeó.	K úlvgufeó.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ncűŋäšüÁtz	ncűŋäšüÁtznék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
ür toš-y	ür toš-yhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
žR-fíz	žR-fízban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
áđõnypn	áđõnypnekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
áödi'žŋAó	áödi'žŋAókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
öskMp'üs	öskMp'üsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
äöč.Ás-a	äöč.Ás-áért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
cikFbMMmjxKn	cycFbMMmjxKnokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
šy.õFämivn	šy.õFämivnokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ebtAűj bés	ebtAűj bésektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
'KlSäđŧhs	'KlSäđŧhsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
m SžóšÁérj	m SžóšÁérjért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
áčrŧaűžpÁpi	áčrŧaűžpÁpin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
űASCvöt	űASCvötenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
Kj,jđ toeer	Kj,jđ toeerekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 žkfyó'Frőb	 žkfyó'Frőbaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
 dxÁŧaÁs	 dxÁŧaÁsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
FžŋčMűđhsét	FžŋčMűđhsétoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
pggbsgrina	pggbsgrinánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
CIh'Cspl	CIh'Csplandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
lcxaščzs	lcxaščzseknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
rlAMazrSfp	rlAMazrSfpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ckčömnŋfrMr	ckčömnŋfrMrnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
maSúŧráFa	maSúŧráFákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
dtwäágor	dtwäágorban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
óhtõéa	óhtõéaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
Mfülnékli	Mfülnékli	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
fšffbbMég	fšffbbMég	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
Satčeúd- y	Satčeúd- yekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Áwzóõűóđoó	Áwzóõűóđoóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
bú čwwve	bú čwwvén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
oh tmÁöóvt	oh tmÁöóvtokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
Cuk.St	Cuk.Stó	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
óa''bob	óa''bobektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
w űxKS uöüj	w űxKS uöüjnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
đnwšxgoCét	đnwšxgoCétsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
üžSpdümr	üžSpdümrték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
đõupkžóMa	đõupkžóMáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
íőrsäas	íőrsäasekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
úöpjeóóažlz	úöpjeóóažlzekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
xőRáüt	xőRáütért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Ánstčóúy	Ánstčóúyhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
'.öhIoy l	'.öhIoy lták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Ccäs'z	Ccäs'zekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
aMaü.žxMy	aMaü.žxMy	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
fđše.C-číl	fđše.C-čílnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ukMrÁr	ukMrÁrekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
,IRőRpgi	,IRőRpgiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ru öók	ru öókokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
bsfrRúFäŋMa	bsfrRúFäŋMákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
dŋÁiđSFž s	dŋÁiđSFž sokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧrpl gpwízg	ŧrpl gpwízgtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
AftFKr	AftFKrból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
sőeä'z	sőeä'zottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
zIzžxl	zIzžxljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
tsarwfó	tsarwfóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
zušKcRíöz	zušKcRíözekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
bMüečíŋkn	bMüečíŋknra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
kõAa-afä'sa	kõAa-afä'sáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
zšeoAs	zšeoAsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
jüpdés	jüpdésekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
čúűbüi	čúűbüiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
b,..KRpy	b,..KRpyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ccvkđbpl	ccvkđbpljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
čšp sAhjdhm	čšp sAhjdhmtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
õaŋžöáRIúRa	õaŋžöáRIúRára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
íéütűŧhg	íéütűŧhgokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
-CžCčks'a	-CžCčks'ától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
'íxúõün	'íxúõünhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
čs-jlőIčše	čs-jlőIčšétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
d'pžüwa	d'pžüwává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
.MCž'pRtža	.MCž'pRtžákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
FörlCv	FörlCvben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
,éMvöAvó	,éMvöAvókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
ú  'óz	ú  'óznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
öcókrőõl	öcókrőõlje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
íä-őűóöl	íä-őűóölj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
 úI,fõmõkl	 úI,fõmõkltam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
Áy Aoll	Áy Aollnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
õíđveái.'da	õíđveái.'dákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
,AswwéI'p	,AswwéI'peknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
fatSbI ő	fatSbI őből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ópüõčr	ópüõčrokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
,zyeöúé Fyp	,zyeöúé Fypeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
šFűűúm	šFűűúmról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
gó.öõMi	gó.öõMi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ŧúvídíopi	ŧúvídíopiakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
hŧoSSF apa	hŧoSSF apáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
u,.-oöMšű	u,.-oöMšűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
agižAry	agižAryet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
aí mđ  ,a	aí mđ  ,ákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
šüfšit	šüfšitek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmifk-FFigy	plufk-FFal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
yvzmumMjwaa	yvzmumMjwaává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ybhrŋt	ybhrŋtendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
üMtS ó	üMtS óért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
us  -mSõi	us  -mSõikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
.šöRsSIfz	.šöRsSIfznénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
bŧÁ.MySojSs	bŧÁ.MySojSsokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 ehimču's	 ehimču'st	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
FŋFRlb.jca	FŋFRlb.jcáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Cõóõ'rűky	Cõóõ'rűkyen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
äFlpxFb	äFlpxFbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
cí--ué,Spó	cí--ué,Spókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
sűdó,Kfgás	sűdó,Kfgáshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
üŧõrvaŧr	üŧõrvaŧrokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
,jkõArMn	,jkõArMnokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
áóűõCwá'ŋs	áóűõCwá'ŋs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
föMpAhea	föMpAheára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
.đüvya űóúd	.đüvya űóúdként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ŋÁSáéky	ŋÁSáékyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ű-.áIbmoi	ű-.áIbmoikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
číŋÁf.A.ő	číŋÁf.A.őkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
béúkiAi	béúkiAi	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
lmmúogRžwom	lmmúogRžwmakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
ovnzčŧr	ovnzčŧrekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
űdbKíügwtp	űdbKíügwtpba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
vdvff mf äi	vdvff mf äiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
-űMCS pča	-űMCS pčákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Cfienräl	Cfienrälnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
-uáúIeukCn	-uáúIeukCnekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
õm--i yűó	õm--i yűóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
emŋ-dxa	emŋ-dxának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
péipaõwŋFy	péipaõwŋFyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
-n,žáv.skčl	-n,žáv.skčlnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
cMbaúóiéAó	cMbaúóiéAókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
 lű'õčy	 lű'õčgyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Asx'áuzs	Asx'áuzsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
t o' đrsg	t o' đrsgekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
tvIIórts	tvIIórtsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
hAol-'ŧ'űt	hAol-'ŧ'űttel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
fuŧđiccvg	fuŧđiccvgekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
gyadMzrAz	gyadMzrAzban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
gékóRyd	gékóRydig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
vŋdaK myd	vŋdaK mydokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ao ŋsüy	ao ŋsüy	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
záűyMRpa	záűyMRpában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
IcSvyi,őwuz	IcSvyi,őwuzig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
Aogršžžžmzj	Aogršžžžmzjokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
bkf dčp'g	bkf dčp'gnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
.M ábčFam	.M ábčFamről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
gh 'älŋđíCb	gh 'älŋđíCbbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
rvIMüó	rvIMüón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ák-Amt	ák-Amtekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
éčRšükŋs	éčRšükŋsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
bC -šžus	bC -šžusig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
űé .kyz	űé .kyzként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
CyIäŧt	CyIäŧtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
hfKeéžxz	hfKeéžxzzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
zfŋá.ŧa	zfŋá.ŧákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
cesúwš.űCs	cesúwš.űCsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
MđCažõIűhüp	MđCažõIűhüpnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
smŋäSIđtn	smŋäSIđtntól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
át'-ŧvAló	át'-ŧvAlókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
íöííln	íöíílnra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ü.Szóŧ Rr	ü.Szóŧ Rrokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
üS,bSÁs	üS,bSÁsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
CnKóxnuwAčn	CnKóxnuwAčnök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
M,'őAöRl	M,'őAöRljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
öõIäck eCig	öõIäck eCignék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
lüöóeeűi	lüöóeeűiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
sõwäjátŧ,r	sõwäjátŧ,röktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
eö iáőzvg	eö iáőzvgoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
Aí-wd-vó	Aí-wd-vókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
lőížh'ee	lőížh'eén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋcK,aüó	ŋcK,aüókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
'zepčps	'zepčpsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
fxnicebh	fxnicebhot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
đ FüeÁó	đ FüeÁóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
z Sűpőér	z Sűpőérokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
bm.júö či	bm.júö čiktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
Aégsavúxs	Aégsavúxsekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Seőöčz	Seőöčzzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgámSŋ'ä oőcxtatás	pmSŋ'ä oőcxural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
,ustžs	,ustžsban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ifSúnólFa	ifSúnólFával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
őyŧveíÁtod	őyŧveíÁtodod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
vKö.vs	vKö.vsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
eCčcvyMCa	eCčcvyMCákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
M ŧhíce.r	M ŧhíce.rekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
áSőáe đt	áSőáe đtaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
en A,ytŧ'k	en A,ytŧ'koknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ž-ŧűíŧéF,đs	ž-ŧűíŧéF,đsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
oŧ.rv- s	oŧ.rv- shoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
všdrškmb	všdrškmbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
Sdjikčl	Sdjikčlnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
ž tšbd	ž tšbdhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
KnüúŋMd	KnüúŋMdoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
CFpéíó	CFpéíóknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
kooA-ug	kooA-ugért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ieŋR Cei	ieŋR Ceiekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
i,ŧőSűvos	i,ŧőSűvosaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
áŧjpsvmzl	áŧjpsvmzlben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
žáól,í ädlp	žáól,í ädlpokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
wC'rsűIAz	wC'rsűIAznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
đpousüd	đpousüdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Cmõnhs	Cmõnhsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
õlyuwKik	õlyuwKned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
tužvndCčln	tužvndCčlnért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Ióe AS l,s	Ióe AS l,sba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ážrŋsúk	ážrŋsúkhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
Aõítdp	Aõítdpekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
hőwänKxv	hőwänKxven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
 öp'xMngčAt	 öp'xMngčAtnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
SüShrtŧa	SüShrtŧákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
jšđtSwúgs	jšđtSwúgsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
õõdŋóŋčázpű	õõdŋóŋčázpűtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ÁIudAŋp	ÁIudAŋpokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
dsouMp	dsouMp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
äčákžmgnkn	äčákžmgnknek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
vnõúSKzél	vnõúSKzelekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
tIöaõs	tIöaõshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
AMgátSđn	AMgátSđnon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
čp -õŧnró	čp -õŧnróból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
őíŋoös	őíŋoösra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
eMzScKhs	eMzScKhsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
IdAäöuj	IdAäöujnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
aájŋílžő	aájŋílžőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
j ötõglKõ'y	j ötõglKõ'yekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ákj-Rsz	ákj-Rszva	V.CVB;hungarian
n xhyzöíl	n xhyzöílnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
RSpRlieőKl	RSpRlieőKltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
FacMhbp.og	FacMhbp.ogból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
oođSijó	oođSijóra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
FI,Áxrg	FI,Áxrgnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
'vK üđa	'vK üđában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
.CKkaőÁf'wt	.CKkaőÁf'wtté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
AõKäi fp.	AõKäi fp.-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
sú'šRok	sú'šRokeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
nđ-ire	nđ-iréből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
yjoríi	yjoríiig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
MútčpiIrll	MútčpiIrllra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ažsrjéđs	ažsrjéđsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
eõóőAkföó	eõóőAkföókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧmő-óa	ŧmő-óákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
õäahéMbMsi	õäahéMbMsiakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
 wKäsõmlŋla	 wKäsõmlŋlák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
MrddM,r	MrddM,rra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
äxéthšőúđŧz	äxéthšőúđŧzokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
äkdcköóRnMz	äkdcköóRnMzzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
ržIlÁs	ržIlÁsen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
đriküpžüvs	đriküpžüvsnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
AMegčRe'rhg	AMegčRe'rhggal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
 hjwrõ'wíŧt	 hjwrõ'wíŧtasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
héču-''''õs	héču-''''õsoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
M jjšp	M jjšpoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
mpúš mŋt	mpúš mŋtenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
k-ečđa	k-ečđáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
hüő, Áhtl	hüő, Áhtljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ölxoÁabbhb	ölxoÁabbhbekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
awđMSžASk	awđMSžASkeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
dooufüogozó	poufüoural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
őűločú.t	őűločú.tanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
Fm-űFyh.t	Fm-űFyh.tekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
IÁoátzxmjr	IÁoátzxmjron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
'KŋhjóõMSKk	'KŋhjóõMSKk	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
gű-eg.da't	gű-eg.da'tja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
Fsil'áurt	Fsil'áurtban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
 bdŧzxis	 bdŧzxisokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
aöőnIŧk	aöőnIŧkból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
mkipčnó	mkipčnókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
óäöcšFv	óäöcšFvról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
Cŧkbk.čt	Cŧkbk.čtért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
Iőxsyí,p	Iőxsyí,pokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
sIC'gRpk	sIC'gRpkoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
FuSh-sry,s	FuSh-sry,sok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
kž'vžc-vhely	kž'vžc-vlyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
n.jŋómcbr	n.jŋómcbrig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
kIüásn-s	kIüásn-sekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
gőätpät	gőätpätanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
jntjls	jntjlsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
'žžéúRpűg	'žžéúRpűghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
móŋöíá t	móŋöíá tbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
jžéwKúöžba	jžéwKúöžbában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
 or'űIjÁb	 or'űIjÁbre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋođzaéŋgz	ŋođzaéŋgznél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
vuyčŧ'.Mbm	vuyčŧ'.Mbmhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
yá,őőMa	yá,őőMák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
čyauhF i	čyauhF iért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
lllfkuõs	lllfkuõsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ynIvFjMŋxk	ynIvFjMŋxkké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
k K,vt	k K,vss	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
üicwMcwg	üicwMcwgnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
wRhum'ú	wRhum'úból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
iknéúáy	iknéúáyben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
snswlIi	snswlIiakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
xCšRMSeú	xCšRMSeúig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
fndR m	fndR mnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
'gsöSgRäer	'gsöSgRäreknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
äSŧMMt	äSŧMMtnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ügzxŧjŧšm	ügzxŧjŧšmokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŧMmyu.čs	ŧMmyu.čssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
vuAüsKüšüy	vuAüsKüšülyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
öwááMűőőIšs	öwááMűőőIšsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Sdsűxŧó	Sdsűxŧókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
jx'zwsi	jx'zwsiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
.emyKđ,Mttz	.emyKđ,Mttszel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
-õí'ŧ-ót	-õí'ŧ-ótsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
kboFFnhr	kboFFnhr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
đ.geíkp	đ.geíkpokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
FIcuõASdSls	FIcuõASdSlsokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
nkRtl.ít	nkRtl.ítban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
-ŋIóIoŧzgró	-ŋIóIoŧzgróktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
õyű árđüŧéó	õyű árđüŧéótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
nI,eüäõAär	nI,eüäõAärakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
fg íRIeg	fg íRIeggel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ühIÁKüžófa	ühIÁKüžófáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
nbptRrÁcés	nbptRrÁcés	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
oM öóűeóKt	oM öóűeóKtték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
 éyšít	 éyšítnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
ÁC.čMtt	ÁC.čMttsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
đcaeéCbvl	đcaeéCbvljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
unkŧ ašg	unkŧ ašgként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
õs SlvFsuhó	õs SlvFsuhóknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
'uCpđöiéa	'uCpđöiéán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
dóžŧgáiy	dóžŧgáiyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
fbŧű A,ár	fbŧű A,árokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
sbŋägCa	sbŋägCákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
jhŋ Án	jhŋ Ánból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
jRüACx a	jRüACx ából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ftgíđnűr	ftgíđnűrokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
imóMhútc	imóMhútcnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
uarbAeIyäi	uarbAeIyäikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
õazõC-mÁöv	õazõC-mÁövsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
j'cpvmčb	j'cpvmčbeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
F FMmCSösa	F FMmCSösákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
ox'CMbfhaxs	ox'CMbfhaxstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
đáAoRvömt	đáAoRvömtekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
cšmpoar	cšmpoaren	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
KhIowczg	KhIowczgakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
žŧõűyđyIAa	žŧõűyđyIAákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ítčIävMõy	ítčIävMõyekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
uf,dŋlz	uf,dŋlzokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŧdFäMl	ŧdFäMlnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
RegIou aüjl	RegIou aüjltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
lv'oRuŋüz	lv'oRuŋüztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
újrösw,b	újrösw,bért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
'éwoŧšáy	'éwoŧšáyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
xAač,,ús	xAač,,úsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ehS.bgaFl	ehS.bgaFljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
ŋl üÁunmxe	ŋl üÁunmxékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
őđpäpži	őđpäpživé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ŋAnIk,nó	ŋAnIk,nókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
h,'Sncű-mn	h,'Sncű-mneket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hűkúsäžüik	hűkúsäžüjanak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
dAö õóäs	dAö õóäsokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
hwõčAR'e	hwõčAR'éért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
skMkad sya	skMkad syákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
,,eaížúFírk	,,eaížúFírkokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
CänáckFča	CänáckFčától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
ásÁSŧgőy	ásÁSŧgőyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
gđžđozbpđi	gđžđozbpđikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
õtFšFxs	õtFšFxsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
icxóón'z	icxóón'znétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
biut-Mnon	biut-Mnonok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ÁdmóScöss	ÁdmóScössig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
wCköróé	wCköróé	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
šn.Fapéb	šn.Fapébnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
cőbö k	cőbö kokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
 dnbõšKa	 dnbõšKákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
Áo-vkvMp	Áo-vkvMp	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
,č,mös	,č,mössal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
fkfú'űáI'Fz	fkfú'űáI'Fzzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
fäbŧöőt	fäbŧöőtakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
oöđ-násÁMér	oöđ-násÁMérből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
hš õjüáus	hš õjüáusnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ójőw twi	ójőw twiekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
kŋÁMjpéó	kŋÁMjpéótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
biűC-uvõŋs	pluűC-uvõŋal	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
vŋIRhéđčä ik	vŋIRhéđčä andó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
. kKísfAl	. kKísfAljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ŋõuőõKFs	ŋõuőõKFsig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
üAbúŋdt	üAbúŋdtba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
tÁIpÁ.čdik	tÁIpÁ.čdzon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
nrõd'őIuSó	nrõd'őIuSókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
vá.Fđt	vá.Fđtbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
gMő'í,íő g	gMő'í,íő gnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
ídžeđxí.vó	ídžeđxí.vókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
á.SűgK.éz	á.SűgK.ézből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
AöűIíözRIb	AöűIíözRIbakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
wíŋ'tsŋt	wíŋ'tsŋtanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
õžőCoajgÁžm	õžőCoajgÁžm-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
fkéscel	fkésclem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
lüóFyt	lüóFyteknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
.ló-aykspŧd	.ló-aykspŧdekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
éhln,Áéy	éhln,Áéyként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
őcšóúaKt,gt	őcšóúaKt,gten	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
kjxávCŋó	kjxávCŋókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
hKyxémsüa	hKyxémsüánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
M'éAŋr sr	M'éAŋr srt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
đRkvfMK.žyó	đRkvfMK.žyóig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
ŧn.pjjd	ŧn.pjjdet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
íFKnFővja	íFKnFővjákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
MžjS,ibđüs	MžjS,ibđüseknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
őúíõp xfy	őúíõp xfyakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
uo' ŧst-m	uo' ŧst-mból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
S đúxMAwb	S đúxMAwb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
Ccŧ-ndl	Ccŧ-ndlted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
boo-eibly	bolyo-eibknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
 IčŧcóSötMő	 IčŧcóSötMőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
 jÁűõS.äxő	 jÁűõS.äxőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
sÁkšulóy	sÁkšulónyé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
éõöKűbm	éõöKűbmmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
šŋäjCCrõsbk	šŋäjCCrõsbktól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
bdá,vt	bdá,vtből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
áms-,úiÁó	áms-,úiÁót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
đđíöŋFcmúüs	đđíöŋFcmúüsak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ügvu.h,űõŋtárs	ügvu.h,űõŋatársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
,äx ' űzÁa	,äx ' űzÁákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
ŧuõiiéäz	ŧuõiiéäzra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
pík.It	pík.Itakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
baákIšđmus	baákIšđmussel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ÁkčSC's	ÁkčSC'sokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
íkbőmtt	íkbőmttekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
čctáŋű	čctáŋűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
čÁMdümó	čÁMdümókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
S nšxh b	S nšxh bért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
öS eíg	öS eíghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
kfCsal	kfCsal	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
đđgóúó	đđgóúóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
yx.'üóMl	yx.'üóMló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
óőARAmyyd	óőARAmyydról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
-Áŧhíz	-Áŧhízni	V;NFIN;hungarian
Fúbúđőzft	Fúbúđőzftsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
vMzRSht	vMzRShtból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ASäkólŋškt	ASäkólŋšktenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
,ímÁÁFéÁzl	,ímÁÁFéÁzlbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
uűnghIAeg	uűnghIAegnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Sxühzđíy	Sxühzđíyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
FűF'ufz	FűF'ufzhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
cá.Rői	cá.Rőikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
vcäŋp s	vcäŋp soknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
huisAgjlđm	huisAgjlđmot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
-'ipugajr	-'ipugajrjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
žotűSud	žotűSudoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
yFj äMzžra	yFj äMzžrán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
üd.Kčfzz	üd.Kčfzzról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
msvx,Ss	msvx,Ssre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
bšáŧoRAÁFz	bšáŧoRAÁFzről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
htče'zA.Fg	htče'zA.Fgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
rädyzwöm	rädyzwömekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
KđSCdđRafj	KđSCdđRafjokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ŋhóyC đeAFi	ŋhóyC đeAFin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
nõghCMpűís	nõghCMpűísről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
'köőfzléűz	'köőfzléüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
'lõaj.lwő	'lõaj.lwőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
hxhnciwsőő	hxhnciwsőővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ojxSvŋčl	ojxSvŋčltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
Sazžt,ŧ a	Sazžt,ŧ ákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
z dyd l	z dyd lni	V;NFIN;hungarian
Áõčűgöž,t	Áõčűgöž,tként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
hp-uö,rCs	hp-uö,rCsként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
.šmo,töđs	.šmo,töđseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
Fäfõđs	Fäfõđsekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
d ökőŋ,ŧo'l	d ökőŋ,ŧo'lokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
'stlxrexia	'stlxrexiák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
cfwoéŋ's	cfwoéŋ'soknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
őá jíőéúom	őá jíőéúmakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
beséőKueöó	beséőKueöónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
öžMwé j	öžMwé jekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
özóRMőwóla	özóRMőwólához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
đégaõKz	đégaõKzba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
Kcbš'üőőénl	Kcbš'üőőénlnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
áKSvöSeõme	áKSvöSeõmétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
Cäcrpps	Cäcrppstól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
IsCš.cv i	IsCš.cv inek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
Súöxfbxn	Súöxfbxnként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
 üSoíK'yxK	 üSoíK'yxK-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
-,nphíi	-,nphíinak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
ú.gőCčxlFs	ú.gőCčxlFsoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
űmüFFa äeym	űmüFFa äeymból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
žÁ.ékt	žÁ.éktokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
cänzíAkedrs	cänzíAkedrsokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
čšSFÁőžC'dg	čšSFÁőžC'dgekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
é-č.ot	é-č.otott	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
wuoMim áCa	wuoMim áCaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
uűđí-í.l	uűđí-í.lnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
aúRéFKmRg	aúRéFKmRggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
gúŧuõFn	gúŧuõFnjék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
Kúđoéŋi	Kúđoéŋiekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋíéogn	ŋíéognhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
KCImúpCRv	KCImúpCRvon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
iüuCđxChérl	iüuCđxChérlom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
k,õcŋjSvwRb	k,õcŋjSvwRbig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
nRäđfbcähót	nRäđfbcähótsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
áRtxöcmđRa	áRtxöcmđRához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
nSK,éžÁs	nSK,éžÁsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
.häd'k	.häd'k	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
r.ICštt	r.ICštttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
S,,jnxűoöe	S,,jnxűoöéhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
iompeht	iompehtotok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
-'sad.jÁl	-'sad.jÁlták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
hkfuzMAt	hkfuzMAtba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
véizhđF Ksr	véizhđF Ksrhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
mSárMüöSöő	mSárMüöSöőkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
dgvbámi	dgvbámikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
a ké.vwr	a ké.vwrtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
K.MÁCjnuŋy	K.MÁCjnuŋyekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
KMpakbpumg	KMpakbpumgról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
AtCzIyõt	AtCzIyõtok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
 Koskt	 Kosktokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧeóF.n	ŧeóF.nból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
úKvenl	úKvenlok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
áohú'AéKr	áohú'AéKroknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
rähsdi	rähsdiból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
äŧCžwsMut	äŧCžwsMutá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
iŧRstä'mt	iŧRstä'mtve	V.CVB;hungarian
bR éža'ufMó	bR éža'ufMók	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Iéc xtMüÁb	Iéc xtMüÁbhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
préžK'vl	préžK'vltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
 íüyjj..s	 íüyjj..ssal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
  Mncó	  Mncót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ŧ'CöeRcpdj	ŧ'CöeRcpdjon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ov-gháe	ov-gháéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ŋFAösCs	ŋFAösCsek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ö-učÁfet	ö-učÁfetokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Ry iűy	Ry iűyért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
nđ-éKäháči	nđ-éKäháčiekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ClŋŧŋžIzőŧb	ClŋŧŋžIzőŧben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
cígcnsžđSg	cígcnsžđSgokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
lSŋnŋgIäs	lSŋnŋgIäsokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
óRtiCđ-p'a	óRtiCđ-p'ába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
.wAõöríšjnl	.wAõöríšjnlt	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
tiFáÁžđűIbr	tiFáÁžđűIbrok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ušMčsz.nAís	ušMčsz.nAísek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
lKŋl.S,äa	lKŋl.S,äává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
wgčxíÁl	wgčxíÁltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
caFlCól	caFlCóltuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
CŧšpMy	CŧšpMyek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
hđjvli wMóó	hđjvli wMóót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ékyFädpáé	ékyFädpáéknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
Sózdeäcäéŧt	Sózdeäcäéŧtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
rIzyiös	rIzyiösek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
dFõšIälmxAe	dFõšIälmxAét	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
aAliaon	aAlianakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
äxrRtri	äxrRtriktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
tocöđa	tocöđa	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
itfM-iga	itfM-igára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
r.m'Räčjjša	r.m'Räčjjšából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ad dcKcő	ad dcKcőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
íMvžušnxia	íMvžušnxiákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
tŋarFa	tŋarFákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
kRevimbM pk	kRevimbM pk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ŋpzű.ÁzshIs	ŋpzű.ÁzshIsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
Aöred'Mg	Aöred'Mgek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
õűčäúR'kun	õűčäúR'kunné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
FIFArfgl	FIFArfgltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
rppŧúrCd	rppŧúrCdről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
 ,Kŧŋa	 ,Kŧŋáknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
srvüíŧs	srvüíŧsokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Mydóáäjkeg	Mydóáäjkegektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ü-garmföđag	ü-garmföđagekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
Fypgpaŋ-šk	Fypgpaŋ-škból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
xtäob-žccs	xtäob-žccsakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ACMűRb	ACMűRbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
Icőloy	Icőloyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
uSűđŋvKcő	uSűđŋvKcőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kénuöwŋ-awõmő	köveuöwŋ-awõmre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
djjSápk	djjSápkekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
đCÁűivdsŧr	đCÁűivdsŧrnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
'jíd  t	'jíd  t	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
rűk.AfKc z	rűk.AfKc znéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
 Iú sžut	 Iú sžutanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
õúMűmkró t	õúMűmkró takká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Shá-sxSócő	Shá-sxSócőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
yKšő mv	yKšő mvvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
uxíõrt	uxíõrtetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
žCđltivó	žCđltivókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
tjxjáh.sl	tjxjáh.slta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
lüémíd	lüémídak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋtrášc.cő	ŋtrášc.cővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
zddöűüs	zddöűüsokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
 rwhõs	 rwhõsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
đoRgčzšái	đoRgčzšáikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
Cšxc'Swŧt	Cšxc'Swŧtök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
žM,jfÁlđo-s	žM,jfÁlđo-ssé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
gnóott	gnóottsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
y čtnrSs	y čtnrSsokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
tö.Kjíohsó	tö.Kjíohsókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
šIAo'Áem	šIAo'Ámen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
õpüűmt	õpüűmtsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
űŧđápá's	űŧđápá'st	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
mCöŧ'sy	mCöŧ'syokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
AapöéčMua	AapöéčMuába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
tIzjjčús	tIzjjčúsokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
óAn-azysCs	óAn-azysCsnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
,hočIcxameő	,hočIcxameővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
õlőööáíős .	õlőööáíős .-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
,õxRűdé-ža	,õxRűdé-žákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ŋőűođeőnzea	ŋőűođeőnzeáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
üA ŧCkCb	üA ŧCkCbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
žSw -t	žSw -tok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
KíiIRŧa	KíiIRŧákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
AÁzAaó	AÁzAaónál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
apŋuŧež võd	apŋuŧež võdat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
pfCbéC Rtšrazita	singulfCbéC Rtšr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
néävIúz	néävIúzzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
yeAčäys	yeAčäysnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
,Ánŧőŧs	,Ánŧőŧsekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
dŧúAíúKóxsa	dŧúAíúKóxsát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
Rum'éI,s	Rum'éI,snél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
wž wSköe	wž wSköére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
őõnžms	őõnžmsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
mMzyüŋé.a	mMzyüŋé.ától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
čaóuímšhusr	čaóuímšhusrban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŋétcčzl	ŋétcčzlnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
nõ'SnkRvIy	nõ'SnkRvIyekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
RzwgzCIt	RzwgzCItekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
féllú,,Swha	féllú,,Swhákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
cáAőõhvK žs	cáAőõhvK žsből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
õóf-Apna	õóf-Apnákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
AlKdFűxt	AlKdFűxtekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
- -ŧkő	- -ŧkövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
úökk e	úökk ével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bolyunšheäŧöCbó	sinunšheäŧöCbular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
nvéó.Cel	nvéó.Celjuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
x,čsIónKs	x,čsIónKsre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
 sŋüwz-st	 sŋüwz-stanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
RžáubíÁ,s	RžáubíÁ,sokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
dgozCéAb	dgozCéAbeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
xyajxdAčk	xyajxdAčkért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
snóűSR,xÁčó	snóűSR,xÁčóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
czcaxčn	czcaxčnig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
bgčoó ós	bgčoó ósokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
oAä, béšabm	oAä, béšabmokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
.ívlži	.ívlžiekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
reÁjjb,jr	reÁjjb,jrökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ISáCIvéőiFá	ISáCIvéőiFával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
õisgózõ s	õisgózõ sök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŋoŧűŋjes	ŋoŧűŋjesakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
'šdŋ-s	'šdŋ-soknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
đzš,aújzjs	đzš,aújzjsnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
é-cfKfkőús	é-cfKfkőúsektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
đtúbró	đtúbrón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
õxözF ÁFvŧl	õxözF ÁFvŧltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
nzőü'g	nzőü'get	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
iŧsi'.cčRIt	iŧsi'.cčRItról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
 KÁílő	 KÁílőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ŧhbnÁn ŧíKó	ŧhbnÁn ŧíKókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
áuÁynü r	áuÁynü rokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
úáxdiúa	úáxdiúákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
e zdüaKt	e zdüaKtöttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
puRjšKÁág	puRjšKÁággé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
-' cyr	-' cyrjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
iRrkád uAda	iRrkád uAdának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ímSnIčbiAđs	ímSnIčbiAđshoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
.šuűžhűsn	.šuűžhűsntél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
CeőCoyKiv	CeőCoyKiven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
đúSjómb	đúSjómbekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
yúkbšKjföm	yúkbšKjföm	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
aöptáRwod	aöptáRwoddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
mIbžps	mIbžpssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
yofrčđđs	yofrčđđson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
öáđ ác'l	öáđ ác'lekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
jxv xűgv	jxv xűgvban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
gnw-ieioFíő	gnw-ieioFíőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
Mŋđä.ha	Mŋđä.háról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
é-őõrcbéhm	é-őõrcbéhmekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
fõf,üvrpaüj	fõf,üvrpaüj	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
všcõkvik	všcõkvzen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
RetCáí  g	RetCáí  gok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
äsč .đs	äsč .đsnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csillü IlvsđuFgfény	singulü IlvsđuFr	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ŧŧFMčr eoűg	ŧŧFMčr eoűgtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
áádüxbk	áádüxbkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
únKnŋsb	únKnŋsbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
ŧIjÁxjg	ŧIjÁxjghez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
uŧócCo,ld	uŧócCo,ldtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
yRRčAŧ wän	yRRčAŧ wänek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
íwcfŧóóMüps	íwcfŧóóMüpssá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
RäMhöüŧera	RäMhöüŧerává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
öüöwáís	öüöwáísektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
'lnw'z	'lnw'zták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
tuv,õSán	tuv,õSánként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
üúűžg,f,a	üúűžg,f,ákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
sšäAhjőšK's	sšäAhjőšK'sban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
oidS-a ŧl	oidS-a ŧlja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
ófö-fi	ófö-fiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
äukzor	äukzorökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
Svőf-cvCŧt	Svőf-cvCŧssen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
S-ugMxúog	S-ugMxúogért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
đišptg	đišptgokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
fiMšw,M k	fiMšw,M kig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
hvéefKáuiMf	hvéefKáuiMfről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
IgšídCbüSSl	IgšídCbüSSlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
őimoá hhüsűz	őimoá hhüsüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
'čúv,zžAđhc	'čúv,zžAđhcokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
úwaeala	úwaealáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
' Iuuaöy	' Iuuaöyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
 KRtá,tŋoAa	 KRtá,tŋoAát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
gčF-óAa	gčF-óAák	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
ba het	ba hetokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
 grgRl	 grgRljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
x-póAywõe	x-póAywõén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
yI..Cű'uút	yI..Cű'uútakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
CÁ-lRi	CÁ-lRikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
yädčwő	yädčwőkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
é- gh,wmnő	é- gh,wmnőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
.öM.'s	.öM.'sból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
 űšnMKl	 űšnMKlekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ővpoűrAds	ővpoűrAdsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
öfčteíú	öfčteíúknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
lbšCfčú	lbšCfčúakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
kA,ww. Ažn	kA,ww. Ažnokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
-čSAgfđbi	-čSAgfđbiekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
-Rvrvnsrõl	-Rvrvnsrõljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
yffđčő	yffđčőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
AtdófvIjt	AtdófvIjtő	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
öööíFl	öööíFlnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
šókzäFi	šókzäFiről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
őšx,ŧõđha	őšx,ŧõđhává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
té,Áőeu ps	té,Áőeu psról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
őäjKCpűjt	őäjKCpűjtokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
écvsdhzóIKl	écvsdhzóIKlna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
õRI'đxi	õRI'đxiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
fóRAfjik	fóRAfjták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
üŧ,äAxhő	üŧ,äAxhőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
kjR šúf-m	kjR šúf-men	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
šS zz,'õFm	šS zz,'õFmokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ríkéónúvi	ríkéónúvinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
tKäAMõeFgMz	tKäAMõeFgMzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
RlmKčKn	RlmKčKnban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
rFóíöőz	rFóíöőzni	V;NFIN;hungarian
Rújüš.Fčđó	Rújüš.Fčđóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ons vűg	ons vűgokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
iwááháRt	iwááháRttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
'Rkzhdor	'Rkzhdrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
šó,dts	šó,dtsokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
daičsea	daičseákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
süőxwsšó	süőxwsšótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
íC,múšm	íC,múšmra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
hdfúäMócül	hdfúäMócülunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
atrőžíAtot	atrőžíAtotökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
aRvmnsoéFő	aRvmnsoéFőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
j'iözóč,õa	j'iözóč,õához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
nwsSaosgt	nwsSaosgtenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
'.ÁkKK g	'.ÁkKK gekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
 clSäűlčs	 clSäűlčst	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
jxiűÁcžKu,ó	jxiűÁcžKu,ókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
,đFtuxÁvÁa	,đFtuxÁvÁák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
čKyžKpŧđ,wó	čKyžKpŧđ,wókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
 IMđz't	 IMđz'taniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
íAšri-k	íAšri-kokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
zCíüydrše	zCíüydršéig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
RhsCŧöf a	RhsCŧöf ába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
cikyŋMjöeűjéŧn	cycyŋMjöeűjéŧnokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
rs mtatz	rs mtatznák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
R zxiéI	R zxiéI-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ošáhfő	ošáhfőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
uőó.őgál	uőó.őgáltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
oléädžšpi	oléädžšpival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
őgRpw.a	őgRpw.án	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
u rm'i	u rm'iaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ySRuAgIl	ySRuAgIlbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
w cáŧcrés	w cáŧcrésekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
fŋÁvšawÁú	fŋÁvšawÁúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ašnkAgáthrd	ašnkAgáthrden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
žcFcer	žcFcerral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
aŋvr aws	aŋvr awsról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
nrõAcűs	nrõAcűsoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
Itlšféndixm	Itlšféndixmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
clevđspb	clevđspb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
nyjrca	nyjrcából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
psäöúSbl	psäöúSbltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ÁC,õ'üg	ÁC,õ'üget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ezfcpr l	ezfcpr lnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
oCöéčMuhém	oCöéčMuhémokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
jčÁa,t	jčÁa,tokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
šijrgz	šijrgznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
ézxSg  só	ézxSg  sókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
gčŧmđy.õs	gčŧmđy.õsért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
lõuaÁ.usŋa	lõuaÁ.usŋából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
.eyđly	.eyđlyra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
ŋzIfiklzp	ŋzIfiklzpeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
.'đüäl	.'đüälnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
cáőivRűt	cáőivRűttá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
Mrb ííína	Mrb ííínákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
íéüšAčxját	íéüšAčxjátre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
-'RAäbSz	-'RAäbSz	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
tűlážbkõs	tűlážbkõsban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
mőőnnág	mőőnnágekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
útIxAböz	útIxAböznetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
Sáóu.ŋls	Sáóu.ŋlsben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
göcŋnódó	göcŋnódókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
Közböíyhđs	Közböíyhđsokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
Cõvgé,aRk	Cõvgé,aRkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
tüíew-nIM y	tüíew-nIM ybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
saűärzm	saűärzmokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
g-.rahz	g-.rahztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
RxM'rwŧg	RxM'rwŧgből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
iu-a.n	iu-a.nned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
äđIÁa,övmg	äđIÁa,övmgeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
ŧŧiéCakŋrtik	ŧŧiéCakŋrtne	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
Mky usRhnz	Mky usRhnzze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
kžrjxs	kžrjxsra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
KMgémšC e	KMgémšC ékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
hđIRImŋdr	hđIRImŋdrokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ú.SiKI-íg	ú.SiKI-ígjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
füzéuis	füzéuisekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
šöbvo- ós	šöbvo- ósért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
krnÁma	krnÁmánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
a'AjÁwk	a'AjÁwkokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
űÁőjöó	űÁőjöóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
zpuŧöms	zpuŧömsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
pšMuxáđat	pšMuxáale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
xm aoIéztt	xm aoIéztt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
RüšAyt	RüšAyba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 -rá ep'ŧat	 -rá ep'ŧkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ővačwtéahčit	ővačwtéažežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
wrŧK'mIoyKat	wrŧK'mIoyKsašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
 édčf oshta	 édčf osđaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
R ž-'čjhkat	R ž-'čjgaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
KőybőKéfÁlt	KőybőKéfÁli	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
öpŧaÁŧzRx.a	öpŧaÁŧzRx.a	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
püCfšő'Rlat	püCfšő'R'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
Rúžöž,Ihkat	Rúžöž,Igan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čümüŋouIŋpat	čümüŋouIŋažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
R,xŋzMšt	R,xŋzMšt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
őwúű pšat	őwúű pašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
őatÁvőxfit	őatÁvőxfot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
őžfárpKbt	őžfárpKbjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
mbyhíőõvŧxut	mbyhíőõvŧxot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
oüéúIsđpt	oüéúIsđpbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuoSmoáeó it	čuSmoáeó e	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
oú-Fšit	oú-Fšdášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
ú Ce Áf.ŧut	ú Ce Áf.ŧu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Fb.xíSku	Fb.xíSuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
'bcRztub  ekti	'bcRztub  vttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
stei ämu	stei ämui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
j nzdíbIpIt	j nzdíbIpIda	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
nõRŋõ-.bujt	nõRŋõ-.bujšeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
pÁbmgön ígžžat	pÁbmgön ígččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ÁöuÁSsúlu	ÁöuÁSsúlu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
npmAäAčđat	npmAäAčažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
IűzpRit	IűzpRtiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
IMŋaI-ŋiržit	IMŋaI-ŋiržtáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úvđtf-űut	úvđtf-űgošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
tvöžõt	tvöžõba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
mőntđIAw,úa	mőntđIAw,úan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
vAmšI.õwnat	vAmšI.õwašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
juíđpzza	juíđpccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
AÁzhyhtat	AÁzhyđa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
rž'-ala	rž'-aas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
gõmxáit	gõmxáehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oayhgMúAut	oyhgMúAon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
MIiéKeMšoyzza	MIiéKeMšoycca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ékfÁšhkat	ékfÁšga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
žúđfsöyÁđat	žúđfsöyÁđot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dápőaKúšpFőyt	dáőaKúšpFőyšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Áw,dcícéöőkku	Áw,dcícéöőggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
beašŧwÁúŧsoöit	bešŧwÁúŧsoötežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
ŋükkbžõíéõt	ŋükkbžõíéõlit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mđmžf gŧ at	mđmžf gŧ oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
vÁärúRübűat	vÁärúRübűos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
.ögčváozlóit	.ögčváozlótáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
išőácđsggat	išőácđskkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuofsjpõKv tit	čufsjpõKv ten	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
n Mŧé,t	n Mŧé,vččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋöžúúM őpvhcut	ŋöžúúM őpvzut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
jok.,lõ,Ááđu t	jovs.,lõ,Ááđu t	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
eúlaiyhs	eúlaiyhssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
wfčÁzfIšku	wfčÁzfIškui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
fFvyy,la	fFvyy,as	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
kööűIfš	kööűIfžiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
FäjAlÁKa	FäjAlÁKas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
lđIugäŧet	lđIugäŧele	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íöhxlčw sat	íöhxlčw aleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
s-KfúlICRhkat	s-KfúlICRgašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
Rce w-uRFdt	Rce w-uRFdt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 öö et	 öö elii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋŧäkvsFzáut	ŋŧäkvsFzávoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ezCÁjd-kSmt	ezCÁjd-kSmvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ASöéót	ASöéóbiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
kgKy,žehkat	kgKy,žegašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
CboRäut	CboRäcožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
xxčőr bt	xxčőr bjetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
žyiŧáa	žyiŧáan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
õkamyaolgut	õkamyalggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
juR-vbis	juR-vásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoas,CA pősMuut	čos,CA pősMuot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
kcoebRInpt	kcoebRInpvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ŧMčCõé xit	ŧMčCõé xtii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
döilšaörsía	döilšaörsían	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
iőweüűőAka	iőweüűőAa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ž-đüügat	ž-đüügtaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
seaeuaévmat	seeuaévmo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
Rí,tnđäõhpi	Rí,tnđäõbiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
oúfŧocj'it	oúfŧocj'ibeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
mih'ŋta	mih'ŋat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Msöglat	Msöglá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ypžmyÁkvdt	ypžmyÁkvdjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
önsaáFópđzallat	önsaáFópđzllos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
RsürxüövCbamos	RsürxüövCbpmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reaÁCKAcémut	reÁCKAcémo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
cinžézargŋut	cinžézrkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
pld.sxit	pld.sxeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
zMú'íázÁgbmat	zMú'íázÁgpmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋis,h -AKíit	ŋis,h -AKíehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
óč,utõtäednut	óč,utõtäennošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
zF'fÁüat	zF'fÁükaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õIIbá.yvIi	õIIbá.yvIin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
SúétíŋAit	SúétíŋAkášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
Kőčúmökčat	Kőčúmövččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
óaskčűMfIxžžat	óaskčűMfIxččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jCtčdMt	jCtčdMšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
őskAwükMyyát	őskAwükMyyá	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
cúIF.hci	cúIF.zi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
RtCš,t	RtCš,da	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
f,đRót	f,đRóbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
mŧllAdűkMAt	mŧllAdűkMAleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
av'aába	av'aábtaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
xíõxmlejet	xíõxmleje	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
ülíácÁKődžt	ülíácÁKődžše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goaäsjwdgöő ut	goäsjwdgöő kole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
söŧtbgŋírat	söŧtbgŋíaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
šúsórőwpmat	šúsórőwmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
i,woldggat	i,woldkkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
úéhbasihcut	úéhbasizošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
zvSđKa	zvSđKtaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
sšúpSéfhčit	sšúpSéfžášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŧFhčprbzt	ŧFhčprbzžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuorfxüjkKöAit	vurfxüjkKöAdiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
'v,vszučbőt	'v,vszučbődiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
pékžIft	pékžIfbut	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
õúáŧbat	õúáŧbkaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
híkzöpgwŧžžut	híkzöpgwŧččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ttfwAsat	ttfwAa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
 tŋdöžf hcit	 tŋdöžf zežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
čž.tŋi	čž.tŋdiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
wŋ  Sŋuŋúit	wŋ  Sŋuŋúe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ŧR yő pwpŧs	ŧR yő pwpŧsain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
tRõará ut	tRõará u	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
nwŧjõt	nwŧjõbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
rŋ dtmt	rŋ dtmba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
Anvrfŋut	Anvrfŋoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
íšžáöavkit	íšžáövkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
csidőj t	csidőj ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
-đrcpÁ'ođFhpat	-đrcpÁ'ođFbašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
die.'xđčxéünoat	di.'xđčxéünoot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
k'níjpat	k'níjažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
múám,mmčat	múám,mmčdaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
A'IAtjéIt	A'IAtjéIšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
öűbÁŋžluit	öűbÁŋžlue	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ö-rSíCchtat	ö-rSíCcđažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
heažxžúMut	hežxžúMgošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
dčläö,p,it	dčläö,p,eš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
yab-átat	yab-átdašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
,x mnxrat	,x mnxažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suodMéőűõ. at	sudMéőűõ. et	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
áwjöeötat	áđažeawjöeöppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
öAűjrIfat	öAűjrIftalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
'jűhŧít	'jűhŧívččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goatčSÁaáut	gotčSÁaáos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ü'M RMrt	ü'M RMršii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
lxáKrÁllat	lxáKrÁlaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Miűpöks	Miűpöksaid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
CgKmFnžxjkku	CgKmFnžxjggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
úttŧuúeit	úttŧuúeehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
veaKö CtCšővyut	veKö CtCšővygole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jžnhkt	jžnhkt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Iój.ŋksit	Iój.ŋvssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
Rđijölt	Rđijöli	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
sFúéádja	sFúéájain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
vjcpftóé'ggat	vjcpftóé'kkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋzCb jÁbmat	ŋzCb jÁmmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ušytcIkzŋ,at	ušytcIkzŋ,oska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
óúúč,žvat	óúúč,žašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Isjfé.íSxía	Isjfé.íSxívaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
Sv Fžöb-si	Sv Fžöb-sái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
műzõvamos	műzõvpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
,vvkõđt	,vvkõđvčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
bealmčaRúgi	bemčaRúgiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ŧtMapayant	ŧtMapayant	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ágdon,t	ágdon,beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
őđula člamos	őđula člpmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
Fr-Ckdđat	Fr-Ckdan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
wiŧtzuuwi	wiŧtzuuwi	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
iwúIrúü-Fggit	iwúIrúü-Fkkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
eRR.ŋääbwfdnit	eRR.ŋääbwfnnášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ú,žyMA'h js	ú,žyMA'h jsa	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
épvgt't	épvgt'leimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čiedčxFdcRat	čidčxFdcRoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
dxsprws	dxsprws	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
úáKűŋäsŋut	úáKűŋäsŋdožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
A-ö'ŧčšvt	A-ö'ŧčšvleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
neaó'ujÁnú kMi	neó'ujÁnú kMgiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duoé.käčSéat	dué.käčSéet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
jíiAi-oa	jíiAi-osas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
õldkrCäíwt	õldkrCäíwvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
öv,xAat	öv,xAe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
jűl-Cűbohki	jűl-Cűbgiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
C ,tŋFait	C ,tŋFaeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
 hđúäŧébbut	 hđúäŧéppo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
õbfzRu	õbfzRuid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
fRrSeíéfš-at	fRrSeíéfš-e	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cdkÁŧčnÁat	cdkÁŧčnÁbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Rü'ü-ut	Rü'ü-došii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
bčbtA ekFõpit	bčbtA ekFõáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧ'Rzágčáešhkat	ŧ'Rzágčáešga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
eIzáCsmlt	eIzáCsmldiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
l, pžCexdnit	l, pžCexnnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
a lŧtat	a lŧten	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
gxötsShjzfargut	gxötsShjzfrggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čŋŋgžđgŋat	čŋŋgžđkŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
lreyáhvat	lreyáhašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
dré-.bnt	dré-.bnjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šbetreCéit	šbetreCéežže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
éőö,óuAgt	éőö,óuAgžit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
gK rslhCéSt	gK rslhCéSjeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
áj Cfölát	áj Cfö'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
žkzdn.Rőšfit	žkzdn.Rőšfde	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
'ösóaaőÁAt	'ösóaaőÁAža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
.í. čFő t	.í. čFő lin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
R,jaIS-it	R,jaIS-an	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
iezahoxgdcit	iezahoxgdášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
ošhjäúlat	ošhjäúašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
úőmždgü t	úőmždgü ide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
vyõfpct	vyõfpcbun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
fMarhŋtat	fMarhŋti	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
'íyŧčat	'íyŧčgalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wwčmÁÁlát	wwčmÁÁ'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
öéhxšhkat	öéhxšgašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
CFđ nKSr at	CFđ nKSr e	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
K'Féó,úva	K'Féó,úat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
šlfÁõcit	šlfÁõctášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
eclpyAlat	eclpyAaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
.'äzőuFs,vjat	.'äzőuFs,vdji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vátMúrošüt	váMúrošüt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
vrísxc,wCbit	vrísxc,wCbbáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rkM-.l	rkM-.liin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
väšgüólakat	väšgüólaaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Mkxr-i-aŋavvit	Mkxr-i-aŋvežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
žeáúšRRáryr	žeáúšRRáryr	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
eíi,dit	eíi,dtášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
dAl. t	dAl. idet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
lüuáűúa	lüuáűúain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
sŋuCn coŧba	sŋuCn coŧhpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
hóŧ,Ra	hóŧ,Rcain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Föúlržđnbgt	Föúlržđnbgt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
rkbFű-hčit	rkbFű-žiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
 öKáktsčat	 öKáktsčot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loaö.z I'oyKat	loö.z I'oyKet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
žíatđat	žíatđkažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
edóäöcnas	edóäöctnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
zSMfÁšyö,hat	zSMfÁšyö,hen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
AlR.At	AlR.Avččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
w Aty-Mct	w Aty-Mclin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geačw-áűmk-it	gečw-áűmk-diide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
á n'wl vat	á n'wl ažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
nkdj-ödt	nkdj-ödbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
őžböiäáđűdna	őžböiäáđűnnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
pcbŋödÁ .dt	pcbŋödÁ .djehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rádcp'tvöet	rácp'tvöežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuoo'mžü-it	vuo'mžü-giimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
CnnozđAIgohčut	CnnozđAIgžuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
geagbnIhAit	gegbnIhAdežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gie,épFc',,it	gi,épFc',,diiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
 ö.Su bykut	 ö.Su bykcoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧbIn lfdnut	ŧbIn lftnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoc'õžpőuõFlat	čuc'õžpőuõFlen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játoCcwíg-wt	jáoCcwíg-wleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ws-nű 'š'sat	ws-nű 'š'alit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
agvíápčut	agvíápčrožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
 ké-vtat	 ké-vtet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuorRbŋ.kit	šurRbŋ.ežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
ürsúIđábáđat	ürsúIđábáašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
Souŋđiőhrut	Souŋđiőhuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
űAšrät	űAšräba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
vxRõxŧíűAa	vxRõxŧíűAaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
öhKéÁht	öhKéÁhžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
dyÁüfčit	dyÁüfčtežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
'xáŋcc KmKit	'xáŋcc KmKetne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
d-j,wfšRat	d-j,wfšRzaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ü úóS,áamos	ü úóS,ápmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
IÁíŧFtééCut	IÁíŧFtééCon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čatáMšSIč.t	čaáMšSIč.lii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vrÁűSí,Isat	vrÁűSí,Iažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čieRčőaífűŧat	čiRčőaífűŧet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
oSjIlúhit	oSjIlúheappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
p hfn' eka	p hfn' eain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
'õšücebjéÁat	'õšücebjéÁcalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
níörđzRtŧat	níörđzRtŧet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
zúäjúđ.it	zúäjúđ.eaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
,ŋKŋKMčit	,ŋKŋKMčvežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
üŧžžäit	üŧžžädášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
šzüwöst tit	šzüwöst áleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
tkvué wt	tkvué wbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
šüdizat	šüdize	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
IžzõčéSöR,ut	IžzõčéSöR,gošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
Cbx-župma	Cbx-žumat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
beaäcKáuűit	beäcKáuűos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
,KáCkfcn	,KáCkfcsan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ásfIplyioŧlit	láásfIplyioŧe	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vwC'byt	vwC'byi	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 ödűKša	 ödűKšaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
eIvAbđetgut	eIvAbđetgušit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ósmužl.sit	ósmužl.soset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
yyšÁõi	yyšÁõriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
öŧhõwpt	öŧhõwpt	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
omópdŧFč at	omópdŧFč oset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
hf-áh đi	hf-áh iin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
CpzõSuó t	CpzõSuó t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
RéyléRf'oat	RéyléRf'oá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
čjKraóbt	čjKraóbhiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
reaFcéc  rhFIi	reFcéc  rhFIriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ŧhé äűht	ŧhé äűht	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
óiúaúkoggut	óiúaúkkkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
cõRMtlCt	cõRMtlCt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
'p''xSőžit	'p''xSőže	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
hníwvn	hníwvmiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
tmvÁct	tmvÁct	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
üIMerovdnu	üIMerovnnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
üzoŧŋöÁeFlat	üzoŧŋöÁeFašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
rdđClž,đđa	rdđClž,đđa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
öuÁay vábit	öuÁay vábeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ukö.úlit	ukö.úldežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
a-éššóubt	a-éššóubdin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
vzšõÁit	vzšõÁeaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
rŧäpIit	rŧäpIan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
upcčíuRIait	upcčíuRIaeš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
káeÁthsat	káeÁthašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
aÁnäKklmét	aÁnäKklméleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
üS,.nűjoat	üS,.nűjogažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
dúhvzyai	dúhvzyai	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
lüwR,küđndet	lüwR,küđndii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Áa šõpwti	Áa šõpwtliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
cMAčónCđigl	cMAčónCđigl	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
ž meíodrat	ž meíodažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
xgáö. a	xgáö. ain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
vrIümdna	vrIümnnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
prcfõ- öűđat	prcfõ- öűan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jiecčkcymfuCbat	jicčkcymfuCbe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
SAčonđylat	SAčonđyat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
d äi'Cíórt	d äi'Cíórjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
é óšgé.it	é óšgé.eimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuo'ux .assájit	vu'ux .assájet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
jgxŋzpÁyšga	jgxŋzpÁyšgii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
 ACvväMKčabbut	 ACvväMKčppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
y ŧíyöMÁŧ's	y ŧíyöMÁŧ'ssan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
áFÁ'očut	áFÁ'očrut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
üđűgípi	üđűgípiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
vŧüxüőut	vŧüxüőgožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
űšbđ p 'õhtat	űšbđ p 'õđažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
'űÁŋrIéč a	'űÁŋrIéč sain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
íF  tbäS.tt	íF  tbäS.tn	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ű-óíúéjpkt	ű-óíúéjpkbu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ŋ.k-pöbsMőut	ŋ.k-pöbsMőu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šeaCpgKpvóűut	šeCpgKpvóűgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
tevo,bboŋpmi	tevo,bboŋmi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
m 'mInokófat	m 'mInokóa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goa. Cúíjüžáut	go. Cúíjüžávožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
éebšüt	éebšübeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
gSSkpíŋwhš	gSSkpíŋwhččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
oüdščÁbcõt	oüdščÁbcõbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
KõrdáõÁit	KõrdáõÁá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
,đgwíS,öt	,đgwíS,öbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
jšnšőat	jšnšőoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doaSRőwIout	doSRőwIovui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ŋŧiexccužlit	ŋŧiexccužltále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cfča éávat	cfča éáašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
zkđhpóžccamos	zkđhpóžccpmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
-m-mäe	-m-mäet	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
slA'vlgrnat	slA'vlgrne	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
uvčhFÁit	uvčhFÁgii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
c ánícšat	c ánícale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Áátsönu	Áátsöuide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
zŧCénit	zŧCénon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
 ŋóűmdna	 ŋóűmnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
öcäőíűA-ht	öcäőíűA-hba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
äŧ,dlrát	äŧ,dl'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
vkxmravvi	vkxmrviid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
vSüóSxat	vSüóSxcan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
õžioódykeükit	õžioódykeüáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
apč-ŋós	apč-ŋósain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
ŧMlžÁkasöŧn	ŧMlžÁkasöŧn	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
äphiC,at	äphiC,e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
äjzíKiöoi	äjzíKiöori	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
íb-ááa	íb-ááii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
at.üCos	at.üCosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
žu,jpyewAut	žu,jpyewAgošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
,.Mjdenšsbmi	,.Mjdenšsmmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
žnzRömit	žnzRöme	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
imsbcjsat	imsbcjsgaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŧhöđčűa.úgat	ŧhöđčűa.úgá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
 ŋAvAt	 ŋAvAt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
j'FvRzgahcut	j'FvRzgzošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
öRítideđđi	öRítidđiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
žüsiőnr,öši	žüsiőnr,öšái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
űúdRkit	űúdRkeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
z óAbta	z óAbaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuoű šIyeeSjut	vuű šIyeeSjot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
đ áíiit	đ áíidežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
cõh ükpsvmsa	cõh ükpsvmain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
ó-buz.üt	ó-buz.übehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋŧsőuRödnut	ŋŧsőuRönnoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čdvgagjjŋŧat	čdvgagjjŋŧkašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
mu.Cá.pmi	immu.Cá.in	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuoőÁ  Ržit	vuőÁ  Ržet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
ÁS,öéht	ÁS,öéhžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
vhMw' t	vhMw' ime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gád-cívrt	gá-cívri	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođIoä'šAvt	guIoä'šAviga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ž,útmđhta	ž,útmđđain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čk-cđđÁSla	čk-cđđÁSaga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
dieáűhaüpowšrut	diáűhaüpowšrgošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Iúč-čit	Iúč-čeimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Mđp-xfsat	Mđp-xfsvažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
gówMía'a	gówMía'gat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
kŋviavit	kŋviaežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
iÁSčéut	iÁSčédoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íKŋurSjmlat	íKŋurSjmašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
đäRCFKáođđut	đäRCFKáđoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mäRüóMlbis	mäRüóMlásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oašőSžoCüut	ošőSžoCüot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
FFyIM-Fat	FFyIM-Fgašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ŋAšvõat	ŋAšvõbaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
siõä egKlit	siõä egKlet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Áó fCdáya	Áó fCdáya	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
pdftfšbvtt	pdftfšbvtide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
MpőlÁzit	MpőlÁzeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
rRAw'ui	rRAw'uin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
x.úŋšakčut	x.úŋšvččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
űŋgRčpeläat	űŋgRčpeläet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
cgwhcMöKaóat	cgwhcMöKaótu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
-vcgŋt	-vcgŋjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
veaF,lŧžc,Aŧóit	veF,lŧžc,Aŧótežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buouCöčtsžat	buuCöčtsžet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
őŋvSÁzogođđit	őŋvSÁzogđežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šeaxűúŋMCűut	šexűúŋMCűgožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
po,absó ut	po,absó os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
štbjÁnčuAit	štbjÁnčuAgále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 iíSÁđCAt	 iíSÁđCAšeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
h íoÁohki	h íoÁgiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
xčlmFröi čordnut	xčlmFröi črtnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oalŧgAFc Cit	olŧgAFc Coska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
kőueuFrKfut	kőueuFrKfui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
-Apog'hit	-Apog'heappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
n-hčúobit	n-hčúobvát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
wđűuühpat	wđűuübaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
níiäbspmxFat	níiäbspmxFo	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
seašőKCűčűyéat	sešőKCűčűyéo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
uFoKdšat	uFoKdšot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
Kutcőŋsa	Kutcőŋaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
űúyõž'wFmúit	űúyõž'wFmúa	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
Aű,-őűiat	Aű,-őűiet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
'mS'űpa	'mS'űpvain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
m-íRvdni	m-íRvnniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ŋmčnšéõat	ŋmčnšéõdaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
crvCa zhpat	crvCa zbašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
óíõiRSz-t	óíõiRSz-žit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
xšAaõđpit	xšAaõđpe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Á,xűokhpat	Á,xűokbaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ffépr orus	Ffépr rrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Küíoeamos	Küíoepmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
žh'őF-aut	žh'őF-aon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
Axfsđšit	Axfsđšdášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
w-čöčškéät	w-čöčškéäžetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goaõhíniut	goõhínio	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
hÁéAõiat	hÁéAõios	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
écMüŧa	écMüŧan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
pvo'öru	pvo'örui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
pžvykloŧSórát	pžvykloŧSó'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jokpIbKkpÁxwCt	jovspIbKkpÁxwCle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íé'leinévut	íé'leinévužehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
õzAhxkÁit	õzAhxkÁet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ŧsúoünF'sjt	ŧsúoünF'sjžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
vúéőM At	vúéőM Ale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
. Ašháat	. Ašhákaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
tŧöpuéjuggat	tŧöpuéjukkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
faohRt	faohRt	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
'vpčyŧőiet	'vpčyŧőiiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
MnAnbi	MnAnbsiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goarŧŧznŧÁhsFt	goŧŧznŧÁhsFidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
üÁnäódúit	üÁnäódútálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gAzovad o.ut	gAzovad o.goleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őemlCűvat	őemlCűaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 ožögűűixft	 ožögűűixfdiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ängõucit	ängõuceažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
-S,aörat	-S,aöre	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
úóõíRAMa	úóõíRAMlain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
RSpŋ hat	RSpŋ hagiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
Kfčgöyŧžžžu	Kfčgöyŧžžhččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
öü bp'Mai	öü bp'Madis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
gSméRlAahcut	gSméRlAazožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šF.őó. yŋüt	šF.őó. yŋübuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
Ámv'eŧkMt	Ámv'eŧkMjit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
á-eMtnkárát	á-eMtnká'ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧŋ  aáöMhpat	ŧŋ  aáöMbaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nžõuŋÁit	nžõuŋÁtášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
yhx št	yhx šjehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
aiõíőat	aiõíőkaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
döđInxtŧ,t	döđInxtŧ,ba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
MAxIAMht	MAxIAMhbuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
rpn íígvhka	rpn íígvga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
r-úv dvat	r-úv dažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Rof,éS,a	Rof,éS,taiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
őAígIKđ.Fit	őAígIKđ.Fe	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ŧeőb ksŧat	ŧeőb ksŧet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
'Aiveeäš rđat	'Aiveeäš rašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
 rRőzúat	 rRőzúos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
ŧwdkpMuxiat	ŧwdkpMuxiet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ä-,MM ždbäit	ä-,MM ždbäot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
IRõšőésäFat	IRõšőésäFu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
n AeüäoAeu	n AeüäoAeui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
r xõđfűšdat	r xõđfűšdet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
sdzv'-FKAt	sdzv'-FKAžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
l.ríSKht	l.ríSKhba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
.t -lupit	.t -luptášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
wpõúKŋt	wpõúKŋbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
.uűAyšSxő-t	.uűAyšSxő-beahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋzŋűkäSt	ŋzŋűkäSbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
KúMŋóőlit	KúMŋóőlkát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuoõA,k-pa- it	fuõA,k-pa- e	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
StbzRyIkčat	StbzRyIvččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cíőgFt i	cíőgFt tiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ügäáhpöšwlit	ügäáhpöšwášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
fd'őbK dnu	fd'őbK nnuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
detkRtđtnat	detkRtđna	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
n Säŧ,úal	n Säŧ,úraliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
eeondütizza	eeondüticcain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
büzđa.aarrut	büzđa.arošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
dđaóvet	dđaóveše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
nüÁcšMit	nüÁcšMtežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
wA.õ,õAMt	wA.õ,õAMt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
leaú,RäKit	leú,RäKdiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
šüŧftéűt	šüŧftéűleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
rpđeACzat	rpđeACzot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
š, d xgoõzahkit	š, d xgoõzgežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
đSŋ yžjt	đSŋ yžjžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
z MIaMnáou	z MIaMnáoui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
R'aršAit	R'aršAášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
Mõ'hcFšnt	Mõ'hcFšnvččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
đ kRdeŧACmat	đ kRdeŧACmu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
uws,hpat	uws,hptažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
sph'üäsat	sph'üä'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
geaSnõäwyit	geSnõäwyet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋrűcõudnat	ŋrűcõutnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
botüIah tőatt	boüIah tőatlii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 čRüöt	 čRüöbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goaék. paoäŋut	goék. paoäŋvuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ixa'žeIätiat	ixa'žeIätigaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.žäiíúvt	.žäiíúvdiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
azaxMddut	azaxMttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
,'eŋdys	,'eŋdysa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ccúKut	ccúKujehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bie'rFÁIit	bi'rFÁIot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
zŋÁvdlíđűösu	zŋÁvdlíđűöu	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
F-lgnÁšAhčat	F-lgnÁšAžašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
hsoäFpggat	hsoäFpkkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
fióčdšúasühpi	fióčdšúasübiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vealÁj-gđčRKcit	velÁj-gđčRKcoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
KrxRy t	KrxRy behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
mféRdnóőIit	mféRdnóőIkášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
čšCŧxat	čšCŧxkai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
jfűaféit	jfűaféeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
AöšõwA,rát	AöšõwA,'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
srdpakđAšät	srdpakđAšädiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
väšíCi ut	väšíCi os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
vxCdhüfypit	vxCdhüfypgálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ccokős	ccokősa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
űAŧŧflkpmat	űAŧŧflkmažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
wpCđo űvRkti	wpCđo űvRvttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
gMő,đúžcs	gMő,đúžcsas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
RSKmőpõäja	RSKmőpõäjain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
műgR-rzj ddu	műgR-rzj ttus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
-.vúhjS t	-.vúhjS jehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
xmMícúj,ŧvat	xmMícúj,ŧaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ós öyx,snat	ós öyx,snet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
-rlksbmat	-rlksmmažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
rŋRMSč,ŋli	rŋRMSč,ŋiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buozrzeűnŋül'ut	buzrzeűnŋül'dolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŧiőnkísčot	ŧiőnkísčot	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
ujAytabn	ujAytabmiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
IIk'aőáRammut	IIk'aőáRmmoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
xäŧ-ögFhíőt	xäŧ-ögFhíőlit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
č í,đrabbut	č í,đrppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
MrClIÁSkčnut	MrClIÁSkčno	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
mwőöíoftnktit	mwőöíoftnvttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
 i'Sógt	 i'Sógžan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
čfItRzktit	čfItRzkežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
üspéw wŋKzt	üspéw wŋKzvččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieRzÁ õvgat	čiRzÁ õvgen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
fmo ačat	fmo aažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
víđpunt,t	víđpunt,hkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
I'kđyzuit	I'kđyzudán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
hIöpeäbűpaljut	hIöpeäbűpajošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
 xyChöcddit	 xyChöcttášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
úúÁKáőcut	úúÁKáőožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
sjrábit	sjrábet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
óőyáoit	óőyáoeappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
éráKkxKukyut	éráKkxKukyguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
xvöeéa	xvöeégain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
-frúidõgRšdnat	-frúidõgRštnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
õztCđéKat	õztCđéKá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
yáyŧatklát	yáyŧatk'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
MŋpzvŋmupMt	MŋpzvŋmupMše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
űõyhžöSFkápat	űõyhžöSFkáalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ahõŋCkúžwjt	ahõŋCkúžwjjehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
yo xzjSIat	yo xzjSIos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
 A-öFŧtat	 A-öFŧtkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
F.n-Iűit	F.n-Iűi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
čõűwAbCfoidni	čõűwAbCfinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Ftivd.cmat	Ftivd.cmgalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ss yKz.t	Ss yKz.jeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guothŋéáat	guthŋéáet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
dáóÁvMjšCt	dáóÁvMjšCbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
dfÁz-RAlat	dfÁz-RAažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
FIópmhkat	FIópmgašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
Fji.bxdnáde	etniidFji.bxtte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
AüR,zéõäat	AüR,zéõäi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
Sé stSat	Sé stSá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
íiSjFlvökcut	íiSjFlvövccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
wđFu'Aöa	wđFu'Aöan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
sxü,ul  t	sxü,ul  vččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
eű-bäđ't	eű-bäđ'buin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ötűöščrit	ötűöščrtášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
őűiwnit	őűiwneappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Rkõŋüt	Rkõŋüba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
jyreádmlut	jyreádm'lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
CAnnaávAa	CAnnaávAsain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čővSK.xsSt	čővSK.xsSba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cadŋRAőéžzMÁpt	caŋRAőéžzMÁpt	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reabóõőűut	rebóõőűrožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
yčsűüõőRit	yčsűüõőRtežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luočMóšžvtit	lučMóšžvii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
đüđ  t	đüđ  behtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
mŋKÁntSásat	mŋKÁntSáažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
žéFhpyyšt	žéFhpyyšbus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
yõCCMktna	yõCCMknaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
'm'tpbt	'm'tpbt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
-fizKađit	-fizKaášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
iM.aüSbmat	iM.aüSmmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dadpáäúandt	dapáäúandžit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
rnÁIsšat	rnÁIsšgai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
tpxfdäuiCxut	tpxfdäuiCxtole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
üčytyat	üčytyoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
-CÁbyúcswAt	-CÁbyúcswAbuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
,püűel,.at	,püűel,.en	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
 kŧlŧnčrit	 kŧlŧnčrijehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
šobeiFA t	šobeiFA i	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
öefpAóFut	öefpAóFšožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŋmđgvs-dÁthčit	ŋmđgvs-dÁtžii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
őtöp-Mpáhki	őtöp-Mpágiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
SeAúbišKrat	SeAúbišKašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
őjšäéa	őjšäésaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
íÁFyavčj at	íÁFyavčj kalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
űznnefwsés	űznnefwséssii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
pđudkt	pđudkbu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
pMätđáŋyvat	pMätđáŋyažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋkl,änsargut	ŋkl,änsrggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
iKhŧúauuőut	iKhŧúauuőduidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Awčrín'žŋsit	Awčrín'žŋsehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
Kpš üztmggut	Kpš üztmkkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
CsKdđhdi	CsKdđhddiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ácx CaFlõtalli	ácx CaFlõtliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
Aõiažlabbut	Aõiažlppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
fáaõõi	fáaõõbit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
okoI,sIhcat	okoI,sIzažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
gŋSsőđ'š	gŋSsőđ'žžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boaueaci,tióđit	boueaci,tióđdii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
KióčőArat	KióčőAaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
hipíMit	hipíMe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuopöyxMúižj,it	čupöyxMúižj,os	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bđ'üőit	bđ'üődáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
AjavIit	AjavIu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
a-lirőéamos	a-lirőépmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
'yžwRhfgÁAu	'yžwRhfgÁAu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
uezŧkat	uezŧkgale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohcüv pS- Áet	ozüv pS- Áešin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
CtúS-ldjut	CtúS-ljo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
FauCAFt	FauCAFbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
äná čÁat	äná čÁvašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
nmSháfcMsat	nmSháfcMaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
õbwulúő,kčat	õbwulúő,vččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
fpőIIáhcat	fpőIIázalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čõjIíõhtit	čõjIíõđášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
reaIŧhčMSzut	reIŧhčMSzoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
'ARplsä-õŧtit	'ARplsä-õŧáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ü wúõöat	ü wúõöet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reI.čKMjr,tat	reI.čKMjr,an	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuoödažbőgut	čuödažbőgo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
žmŧčíSaibmut	žmŧčíSimmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
veaSéé-čni	veSéé-čngiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ArtjKäddat	ArtjKättaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
jÁef-Iđä.a	jÁef-Iđä.đamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
 ŧApRaőa	 ŧApRaőan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
aõIi it	aõIi dále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
őfŋáyrwallut	őfŋáyrwlošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuoödtäudwfut	vuödtäudwfkoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
thc-ŧRünüáat	thc-ŧRünüáet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
tb,ápxcMt	tb,ápxcMt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
wtÁpüčlrhcut	wtÁpüčlrzuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
k.-rhsát	k.-rhsáža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
w,úípđK'tekit	w,úípđK'teežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
u éšűzpmi	u éšűzmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
Ssjéiki	Ssjéiis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
iíuA,m rat	iíuA,m aiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
RmCíctRi	RmCíctRin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
-l.óCKm.it	-l.óCKm.tiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
FKgŋarűä- rat	FKgŋarűä- alit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hKuáawvat	hKuáawašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joaCaf mvuűit	joCaf mvuűot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
ÁFđŋlÁt	ÁFđŋlÁbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
õöá-úggat	õöá-úkkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
üiélh'hout	üiélh'hovun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
főxÁmhkit	főxÁmgáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
aFay'tŋIS,lat	aFay'tŋIS,ažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
üIdlžcit	üIdlžctášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guosrId'ččúöat	gusrId'ččúöet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
Fgzűŧi	Fgzűŧiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
F-üpxRčđKčt	F-üpxRčđKčbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
eFwzntódna	eFwzntónna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
zMxjücat	zMxjücon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
šfcgjykamos	šfcgjykpmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
Cw-wrgíärlat	Cw-wrgíär'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
áMűö,MŋAt	áMűö,MŋAbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
pzó čM,txt	pzó čM,txbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŋCwkMadjit	ejŋCwkMžat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
wfKSfdŧŋS it	wfKSfdŧŋS tášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
SjSaFšofit	SjSaFšofe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
ánóMü .it	ánóMü .dáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
I jrCI'ia	I jrCI'iat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
öFéžFowalji	öFéžFowaji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
rCžöÁFe-Stargŋut	rCžöÁFe-Strkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luočéúgFžRw,đit	lučéúgFžRw,đtii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ai.cxéÁeõohpat	ai.cxéÁeõobaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čébzAIogŋat	čébzAIokŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
,MxFűIAit	,MxFűIAgežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
 ótFnAvzMat	 ótFnAvzMoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
M 'oŧcrit	M 'oŧcrdášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ówA-ggpa	ówA-ggas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
MCáwdgéfš	MCáwdgéfččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
vICőClécis	vICőCléáin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
Ib- Mwdniehkat	Ib- Mwdniegašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
.Sé.lčdäÁat	.Sé.lčdäÁdat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
űšjAnat	űšjAnzašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
.Kő,tűSwCkt	.Kő,tűSwCkttain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ŧúMžrkŋat	ŧúMžrŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
đvačűCőat	đvačűCődažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
heaKgéwCRŋut	heKgéwCRŋguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
SfűhyCűat	SfűhyCűda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
üFMktu..nit	üFMktu..net	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
sá'nrFöäSt	sá'nrFöäSleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
äco-čt	äco-čt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
änűItdxla	änűItdxa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roayukgRyűait	royukgRyűae	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
xbCR,än,at	xbCR,än,daleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
AtÁäžicđRlat	AtÁäžicđRaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋlđ.íá vúéat	ŋlđ.íá vúéka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
SCű éuci	SCű éuit	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
c-íuúsa	c-íuúsii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
úrÁ Kššdíat	úrÁ Kššdíet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
AošúlCžču	AošúlCžčun	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
Skphúrat	Skphúaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ab'yđkxxi	ab'yđkxxái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
 vh lÁMšjit	 vh lÁMšjet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
óüxStbt	óüxStbvččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
žđCRFxt	žđCRFxdis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
M,nőmit	M,nőmeidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
đbäžMbŋíliat	đbäžMbŋíliiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ŋđ-MSvát	ŋđ-MS'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
dwdúIAit	dwdúIAeaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
šggtđbärMat	šggtđbärMbaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
íkarahkit	íkaragežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
ŧéáezgíKnRit	ŧéáezgíKnRi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juo sÁáI.sut	ju sÁáI.sbuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
õŧŧbkFl-gŋat	õŧŧbkFl-kŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
oR,ÁáRddat	oR,ÁáRttale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fs äCú t	fs äCú včče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
mšwysžA it	mšwysžA eappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
öwü'brylw rat	öwü'brylw a	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boađcdóšut	bođcdóšdolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
öiezđŧsa	öiezđŧsa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ŧCŋ'nthÁömat	ŧCŋ'nthÁömtaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoaegCdŧcli	čoegCdŧclgiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ŧígIiAt	ŧígIiAbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
S.ŧR-rSt	S.ŧR-rSše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
wrRxŋt	wrRxŋbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
t.dM,Myhpat	t.dM,Mybaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
pÁdalŋkba	pÁdalŋkban	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
rzhmŧt	rzhmŧšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
íRžlbCđnit	íRžlbCđneappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
cFõŧuzžt it	cFõŧuzžt i	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vfzuugat	vfzuuggan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
žSuSõat	žSuSõi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
éhz'MKyyMat	éhz'MKyyMkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
spüäõđ'đma	spüäõđ'đmtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
lüčRéräis	lüčRérätásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
säÁFrrat	säÁFrašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
ífmeúbtit	ífmeúbežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ŧŋjgőáđűöit	ŧŋjgőáđűöeappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
,óääöpíždŧvat	,óääöpíždŧalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
zűoátŧt	zűoátŧža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
krMőűlst	krMőűlst	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
dRáx.,cIput	dRáx.,cIut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
-x ŧčžAõs	-x ŧčžAõsa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
z.igűõnhamos	z.igűõnhpmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
kjzgánklit	kjzgánkáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
á Áypäat	á Áypäot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
nŋFmšđaoAit	nŋFmšđaoAet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuouh,wčäIit	vuuh,wčäIet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
e.mpgCMŋmmas	e.mpgCMŋbmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
ő-đähgáđt	ő-đähgáđba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
coIüäRtnat	cokkaleiIüäRtna	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
.űyücxmeõűit	.űyücxmeõűtiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
áob.Keŋcđt	áob.Keŋcđžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
bčz''äovssu	bčz''äksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
Sggõyöbóvt	Sggõyöbóvšii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
 iŋžRjla	 iŋžRja	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
čzžáIäpŧa	čzžáIäpaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
čpov.čjüIečat	čpov.čjüIealit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ŋŧčúűõűúeoggut	ŋŧčúűõűúekkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
c oerwnCõat	c oerwnCõet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
.grőešat	.grőeašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
őhfšj,ŧšŋi	őhfšj,ŧšŋin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
ŋőAbSlčht	ŋőAbSlčhidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ClÁkpm.nmÁut	ClÁkpm.nmÁdožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
 txđ-hójõsat	 txđ-hójõai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
i-úcõ-uut	i-úcõ-uos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
heahkdŧüuúmhúut	hehkdŧüuúmhúgožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ímj máőci	ímj máőcái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
á'kKs.jt	á'kKs.jt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dteeóđvM-õit	dteeóđvM-õdáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
yéd'y ma	yéd'y ma	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buoIo o'xfu it	buIo o'xfu en	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
-ySđlčt	-ySđlčbeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuoAj.o pčyut	čuAj.o pčykuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
éyáäíévhpat	éyáäíévbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
FoMagšt	FoMagšba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
r- ŋy-táäIdnit	r- ŋy-táäInniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cadőbŧo-Aíõlft	caőbŧo-Aíõlfžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
všŧSeit	všŧSeebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
cóžKÁ.Mja	cóžKÁ.Mjaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
Ié.č'Kžkdna	Ié.č'Kžknnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
xg Fhäüulát	xg Fhäüu'lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
äCylótCsStta	äCylótCsSddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
pwžbhíxűtut	pwžbhíxűošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dipcõAtlézt	dicõAtlézžeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
axMKíAa	axMKíAa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
fŋ,tn,tójit	fŋ,tn,tójon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
ží.vűüs	ží.vűüs	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
Röep,zhkat	Röep,zgašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
asŧwíú-üfat	asŧwíú-üažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
äIpüFőlaggut	äIpüFőlkkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
kdmoö-ba	kdmoö-ba	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
byčáüSűxFnit	byčáüSűxFnehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
x plCat	x plCon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
KsAúŋgűŧátbbi	KsAúŋgűŧátppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
đyšRkfit	đyšRkfi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
ad'dtfđvttir	ad'dtfđktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
diešdihá ut	dišdihá bošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
č yjábar	č yjábkariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
õiRIAjäAtna	õiRIAjäAna	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
eüyőűmŧxaikut	eüyőűmŧxikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dkczõit	dkczõi	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ŧAxwéS rúat	ŧAxwéS rúkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vtaízIammut	vtaízImmot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čkktí,ŧR-dna	čkktí,ŧR-nnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
sea óÁc Cut	se óÁc Coska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
óŧőütrbcđahcut	óŧőütrbcđzoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
FIübv át	FIübv ágain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
jáläMčMuyi	jáläMčMuyái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
í-dáŧõvnhit	í-dáŧõvnhon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doaRüõnkäaärut	doRüõnkäaärvošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
loksIđnósőct	lovtsIđnósőcime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
l.awduvit	l.awduvtáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áxMflvt	áxMflvjehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
SurÁõt	SurÁõle	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ääFalkecat	ääFalkeažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
fuhđcšat	fuhđcškažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
őő hg.Fat	őő hg.Fe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuodSöiäačndt	vuSöiäačndiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
šMalkgARfŋit	šMalkgARfŋežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
űRAfjžmhat	űRAfjžmhoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
vr-đtCsFopmas	vr-đtCsFobmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ožžRsüat	ožžRsüvaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
-mž-xöait	-mž-xöaeappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
Faé.zjltvt	Faé.zjltvba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
nCŋeűkčps	nCŋeűkčpsin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gik-,št't	givs-,št'leigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
aŧiK-,cđM.ddut	aŧiK-,cđM.ttuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
'öwfőAnAđSvat	'öwfőAnAđSale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ršM-xŧžtt	ršM-xŧžtga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
joxsAut	joxsAboleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
üosŋiõwjbdt	üosŋiõwjbdba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
ävčcz kpt	ävčcz kpn	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čiešüidkMpat	čišüidkMpet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
rIhhcüSit	rIhhcüSkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
õ,ólcđut	õ,ólcđložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
,MmMŋt	,MmMŋdiid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ážvíbkFo,t	ážvíbkFo,t	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
Cí.R-éet	Cí.R-éii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
piŋu ut	piŋu colii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
údlorpvjt	údlorpvjt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
 ,znuhta	 ,znuđaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
uŋécC,őbmat	uŋécC,őmmaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Cöšfrt	Cöšfržit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
fAáamFwégit	fAáamFwégeažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
Krx I.mMat	Krx I.mMá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ítve.Cöurvat	ítve.Cöuraimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
áCpŋáxK,hkat	áCpŋáxK,gažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suoböi,F kbčsit	suböi,F kbčset	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
riáMjžüxpržfat	riebažáMjžüxpržfet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
hŧšFpmMűkcut	hŧšFpmMűvcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
õü'RFuxsba	õü'RFuxshpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
ú,,'eúRoŧlahci	ú,,'eúRoŧlziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čeaütimIIAxKyat	čeütimIIAxKyon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
.'dlfhšiAűrát	.'dlfhšiAű'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
tõguv gvat	tõguv gašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
űyõiKxdõt	űyõiKxdõše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
nčóđdit	nčóđdtáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
a,KKááAÁrat	a,KKááAÁaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lfnäSM,vkčat	lfnäSM,vvččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
g..õõűlđit	g..õõűlđdán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
AdŧaKjaŧakcut	AdŧaKjaŧvccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dadRaKgut	daRaKgušeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
RySđ,műőit	RySđ,műőoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
güöäu'SFi	güöäu'SFin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
lbáúÁla	lbáúÁaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
eK,Kcvábőit	eK,Kcvábőeabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
égŋöAMđhä't	égŋöAMđhä't	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
.očCé,a	.očCé,la	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
üímRMáúšat	üímRMáúaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
szÁxImit	szÁxIman	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
-úwoKéAut	-úwoKéAgoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 ibõ'jákíxt	 ibõ'jákíxbuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ééwclbóit	ééwclbóos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
-.klór	-.klóriin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
óŋxÁM-öšat	óŋxÁM-öšgalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
üuMánéőõóIit	üuMánéőõóIeiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
l-i-xuMwnätnit	l-i-xuMwnänežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
RCžlFKat	RCžlFKdaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ón.öet	ón.öešeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
Ijŋžrledjat	Ijŋžrldjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
áõvõšdC-š	áõvõšdC-ččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
űud.y jkt	űud.y jkbehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
Fö fót,Rrčvit	Fö fót,Rrčále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muoŋúts'.šit	muŋúts'.šoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
Fŧkmeosit	Fŧkmeoset	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
Kŧljwdugas	Kŧljwduasa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
'-MFéa	'-MFélaid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
 xttččit	 xttččat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
eŧcblt	eŧcblšeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átcmyčžíst	ácmyčžíside	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
őKypéđjš'ut	őKypéđjš'un	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jübüjet	jübüjiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
M kküKđüwút	M kküKđüwúšeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
äx'cŧgut	äx'cŧgos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuoyÁpkciuüut	čuyÁpkciuükožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
z őkFõűgoeigut	z őkFõűgoiggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ap-zéádnádet	etniinAp-zéáttet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
K-pxiÁÁ't	K-pxiÁÁ'šii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boaM.čüfy,ut	boM.čüfy,duimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
čSűáIúčat	čSűáIúaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
üűúrínő.wit	üűúrínő.wdášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
IAđKžlvrõđit	IAđKžlvrõášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
IxsyCft	IxsyCfleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Amőžput	Amőžpdut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
CÁčäabklat	CÁčäabkašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
téđúžÁfsat	téđúžÁfaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
Ab xMõaöúuit	Ab xMõaöúueaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
põŋúRűkit	põŋúRűkežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
AósI'š	AósI'ččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
is'nšiut	is'nšidošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
juIw đt	juIw đžehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
-wnwzroé-éljut	-wnwzroé-éjožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
iRõjpnŧuét	iRõjpnŧuévččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
z bKÁ hr	z bKÁ hra	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
őcóőmpgat	őcóőmpgá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
IüSAmcl'hci	IüSAmcl'zi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
úö,őuhpat	úö,őubat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
zučšMbé áallut	zučšMbé áloleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 úpMpylat	 úpMpyažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
cükapcur	cükapcura	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
nocfaR'Kt	nocfaR'Kt	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
lžnäyt	lžnäyt	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čie.đgtpžFat	či.đgtpžFet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
črlxMö,ä-ska	črlxMö,ä-neaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
u-äKAvčit	u-äKAvči	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
,Rhkčöópjáat	,Rhkčöópjáet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
zšckCjl-úbt	zšckCjl-úbjin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
dhőšäa	dhőšäan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
páAe.tú,lat	páAe.tú,aleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
 ,öxxđöit	 ,öxxđöos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
órmjűbtšAt	órmjűbtšAjit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
zčRáúKCäjat	zčRáúKCäjkale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ldmákmhrat	ldmákmhaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
rIdŧöä-šóit	rIdŧöä-šóebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
v-t -zlswcut	v-t -zlswošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ewnCSCbčrut	ewnCSCbčo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
nhđ bpa	nhđ bpat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
áučídáiit	áučídáion	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
acCčüit	acCčüan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
neíiõSčűAit	neíiõSčűAeigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
fgoylöőbiat	fgoylöőbikaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
rohzszőäálát	rohzszőäá'láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
nsáaÁtCš	nsáaÁtCžiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
yyMRéFűüat	yyMRéFűüdažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
Cz-cxyhkat	Cz-cxygažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
jismjéxrat	jismjéxat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
rÁžäRi	rÁžäRjit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
lwrápbgnggut	lwrápbgnkkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
nywhőóxš	nywhőóxža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ruožw,t	ruožw,t	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
žíőóŧxa	ole žíőóŧxnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
CgSäIxŋrki	CgSäIxŋreiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
äM nAna	äM nAnkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
jvalívta	olisit jvalívnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
üőísbä	üőísbkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
űöreõCIséa	olemme űöreõCIséeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
baúAö.hbunen	baúAö.hbusilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
lú,ftra	lú,ftroiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Igóđ'rnnen	Igóđ'rnsella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
žüšyšyi	žüšyšyilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
crKűfsűä	olisi crKűfsűnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
đäbčálõ ö	đäbčálõ öitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
M kpFi	M kpFeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
Srhn'fu	Srhn'funa	N;FRML;SG;finnish
uÁ Keščo	uÁ Keščoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
šm,dtzfäõkä	älkööt šm,dtzfäõkkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
yävozä	yävozisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
őűgđyűcéAéa	ei őűgđyűcéAénut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
eúŧ.nSóAa	älköön eúŧ.nSóAko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
őté, áđõ ei	őté, áđõ eien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Áűä.bs	Áűä.bs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ŧ'íAsuRa	ŧ'íAsuRa	V;NFIN;finnish
ex öSFđđlä	älköön ex öSFđđkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
wü nű'űi	wü nű'űissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
CkfőšycŋSli	CkfőšycŋSlilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Ssŧuõđf,pía	lienee Ssŧuõđf,pítu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
SxÁbs üShRtyä	älköön SxÁbs üShRdyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
žzääeí Fä	olisi žzääeí Fty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
čwnMfIa	emme liene čwnMfIneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
 khüemcúči	 khüemcúčista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ííÁäó.je	ííÁäó.jeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
dngMggunen	dngMggusten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
jeÁÁÁgđsaFta	jeÁÁÁgđsaFnille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ŋfjsózpõŧa	ŋfjsózpõŧoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
'MuoSFtaa	ette 'MuoSFa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
 g''pps	 g''ppdelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
šiopbšCrki	šiopbšCreille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
tjKk zata	en tjKk zkaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ijkMúFFpAjä	on ijkMúFFpAjnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
oyüÁ  ä.Á'a	et oyüÁ  ä.Á'ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
ílđIžb,lmóti	ílđIžb,lmóilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
üólwđúdoIa	üólwđúdoIoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
účFKü-la	älkäämme účFKü-ko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
.fliéui	.fliéuien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
đaűdíbkfyt	đaűdíbkfeisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
űhyŧoča	olisin űhyŧočnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
űxfđđhu,áa	űxfđđhu,ákoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
õuürčsób a	ei ollut õuürčsób ut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
Iíncböuzä	Iíncböuzästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
úŧűyđ đčfxi	úŧűyđ đčfxeihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
šék,iűxküxa	šék,iűxküxassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
 lugűüőfbžs	 lugűüőfbždet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
x,u.'úIofnen	x,u.'úIofsista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
đšawđyŋsAaa	olin đšawđyŋsAanut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
đ,-KFmoöétaa	đ,-KFmoöéettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
uš-lđta	ette uš-lđnneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
iŋúdMde,ää	älköön iŋúdMde,ettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
bü utöőõk	bü utöőõkeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
bwéánKáa	älkäämme bwéánKáko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
 õoyáM-Ka	olen  õoyáM-Knut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
šnžRSKüza	ei šnžRSKüza	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
kryűäySűd ata	ette kryűäySűd paisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
xbaämIFä	lienemme xbaämIFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
čch' ka	čch' oilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
 rFŧ-ycä	en ole  rFŧ-ycnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
đueKömä	lienet đueKömnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennäFCü'ón	menivätFCü'ón	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ifFCvžzđaa	ifFCvžzđi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
vgdzghICa	eivät vgdzghICne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
úzgÁMf.uŋta	lienemme úzgÁMf.uŋnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
žwnugxRas	žwnugxRaksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
SICöÁba	SICöÁbaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
í'úžótaa	í'úžóettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
-söčäuSi	-söčäuSille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
,cc iű,éni	,cc iű,éni	N;ACC;SG;finnish
'đűmRŧáä	'đűmRŧáiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ééCc óõCžzi	ééCc óõCžziksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
cgMõia	cgMõioina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
úsűI nfči	úsűI nfčeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
xŧxzõwRä	älköön olko xŧxzõwRtty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
uűyőäAígCi	uűyőäAígCia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
op gkmas	op gkpailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋI eđy,degi	ŋI eđy,degissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
dIrgIeáka	ette olisi dIrgIeákneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
udüIšchgi	udüIšchgea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ÁMrõ y	ÁMrõ y	N;NOM;SG;finnish
-r Cass	-r Casksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
fbn.aÁtä	eivät olisi fbn.aÁnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
 Iš.kyä tajuntansa	 Iš.kykää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
xm š'cCnti	xm š'cCnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
SfőfIFés	SfőfIFékset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
athf.a	athf.oiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ÁvwFvnen	ÁvwFvsella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
í'bay s	í'bay dellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
űfífaa	ei liene űfífattu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
íű'z'ŋvSi	íű'z'ŋvSeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
óögiptpi	óögiptpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
udúűűavaÁFa	en ole udúűűavaÁFnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
v,AIđFvmőta	v,AIđFvmőava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
vjIvóaŧ.öfa	vjIvóaŧ.öfit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
zđSh'a	lienen zđSh'nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
Ióféŧđ Sie	Ióféŧđ Sikeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
lőélapõnatä	älkäämme olko lőélapõnanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
vSüégõnen	vSüégõsiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
úikŧxí.šjnen	úikŧxí.šjsin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
c-áoés	c-áoéksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
č''ŋeá xűta	č''ŋeá xűsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
mcRxõŋétu	mcRxõŋéduin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
vnílmvtyä	vnílmvnytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
sAAác.Fi	sAAác.Fi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ű nósóuä	ette ű nósóuisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
toAuea	toAuea	N;ACC;SG;finnish
In'đFíy'a	olisitte In'đFíy'neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
đnõIhadíka	đnõIhadíalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
CrIAK-jCa	CrIAK-jCoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
 zyzžA,i	 zyzžA,ille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
úű-óCtaa	ei úű-óCettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
l-čõ.atMüva	olimme l-čõ.atMüvneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
óšóksMwyüIaa	oli óšóksMwyüIettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
móKŋRi	móKŋReitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
AsvCúuvexda	AsvCúuvexdi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
cis,ähkmo	cis,ähkmoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
'zwüđcg ä a	ei ole 'zwüđcg ä nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
mšžhKa	mšžhKaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
őiohCzIŧi	őiohCzIŧeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
Ii-lxi	Ii-lxille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
FeúüyfőžCda	et FeúüyfőžCnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
ldpüw-i	ldpüw-iin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
áCšIíSa	áCšIíSkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
sIđMíRge	sIđMíRgteet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
StäAéoSŋa	ette olisi StäAéoSŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
nőrhehto	nőrhehdot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
KuIőhđa	ei olisi KuIőhđnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
Sõrű,tFáantää	on Sõrű,tFáanetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
nkSlAnen	nkSlAsestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
Iŧgŧrzepo	Iŧgŧrzepoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
saCFtxtä	olkaamme saCFtxnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
pšIoms	pšIoms	N;ACC;SG;finnish
nú.áj'ú,a	nú.áj'ú,a	V;NFIN;finnish
uőhŧAu	uőhŧAujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
Adhykdä	Adhykdät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
xäúdvi	xäúdveinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
cI xgíú đba	cI xgíú đbat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ReháR z.Kda	ei olisi ReháR z.Ktu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
í'öCRa	olen í'öCRnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
yczskAd,sha	yczskAd,shojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
-hűkrä šúáta	ei -hűkrä šúánne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
kMčKáõa	ei kMčKáõisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
úfhCSwda	et úfhCSwdut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
ŋóúKöxkkwÁla	ŋóúKöxkkwÁtaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
üét ŧhyka	üét ŧhyan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ACõöüoí'ta	olivat ACõöüoí'nneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
óžút.úoMn	óžút.úoMn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ACŧđss	ACŧđss	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ürjigx őžtaa	ürjigx őžramme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
űhIpõSdha	űhIpõSdhoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
džéAtőj,.gy	džéAtőj,.gyittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
čäFältua	čäFälduttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
šűžž,rta	ei šűžž,rse	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
ISK hktšéa	ette ISK hktšée	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
öí.,ašykŧõs	öí.,ašykŧõs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
 üSMŧa ys	 üSMŧa yksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Ákuőgca	olivat Ákuőgcneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ä,ISpoa	ä,ISpoissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ŋŋÁõóy yta	ŋŋÁõóy yamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
nđCgIdnen	nđCgIdset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
 sõŧö-Sti	 sõŧö-Seista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
'đ nít ž'ä	'đ nít ž'net	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
'Ajžŧđua	et 'Ajžŧđu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
tFp.öümš.ődä	olimme tFp.öümš.őneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
žxauCimCo	žxauCimCona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
úéRíepävzi	úéRíepävzit	N;NOM;PL;finnish
õsžCxKä	et ole õsžCxKnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
đíŧiäža	emme đíŧiäžneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
,fÁlFviőbi	,fÁlFviőbein	N;INS;PL;finnish
lúee-k a	olit lúee-k nut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
rrÁđRfhxõti	rrÁđRfhxõnit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Fduoööéa	älkää olko Fduoööéneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
yo-Slwa	yo-Slwitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
axIpwmúaä	emme olleet axIpwmúaeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
yčŧmõg-ha	eivät olleet yčŧmõg-hneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
FrõaáčRfbAa	FrõaáčRfbAoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
xáuaüÁžčíä	emme xáuaüÁžčíne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
fšF,S'ósu	fšF,S'ósuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
äÁgűšKđjs	äÁgűšKđjksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
sig.öswes	sig.ösweksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ŧk-RŧMKa	ŧk-RŧMKnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
gIÁsÁói	gIÁsÁóeillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
KcpSüMúda	en ollut KcpSüMúnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
okFuM-a	okFuM-an	N;GEN;SG;finnish
űCwRpa	űCwRpat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
š,RRd,giAéa	olit š,RRd,giAénut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
gmóŧís	gmóŧíkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
KRžkFűa	et ole KRžkFűnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
űíR. ka	űíR. assa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
čhgiirR tää	čhgiirR rettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
húfyíofda	en liene húfyíofdnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
đMdácä	eivät olleet đMdácneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
žšovxkéä	olette žšovxkéeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
IóIäíä-Sha	IóIäíä-Shat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ljj'Sh tä	ljj'Sh nästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ihoáfkda	ihoáfkn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
űr-úIšzFs lähisukulaisten kesken	űr-úIšzFdeksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
í  öe éta	í  öe énnemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
čéújI g aa	ei liene čéújI g ettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
zmzáoűecsza	zmzáoűecszoilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
űu šcy'a	ei ole űu šcy'ut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
,IóFčko	,IóFčoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ähmp-'i	ähmp-'einä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
mxRAkígõunen	mxRAkígõusta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
ŋűű'iuämä	ŋűű'iuämisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
níšRóÁftaa	níšRóÁfdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
AoRRoa	AoRRoa	N;ACC;SG;finnish
aŧyžyo	aŧyžyoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
.xdCdőRu	.xdCdőRista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
f-íkse	f-íksteineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
Á-siüRtaa	Á-siüRettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
űé.vnđnúo	űé.vnđnúolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
xhđ đõcxa	xhđ đõcxoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
iAcxđknen	iAcxđksin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
SvhK'a	lienette SvhK'neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
eu,pbdi	eu,pbdista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
,-rcílžđäka	,-rcílžđäat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
áŧőugzF, za	áŧőugzF, zin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ewäošruõa	ewäošruõoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
MIsóhgÁöoo	MIsóhgÁöoon	N;GEN;SG;finnish
rgíä Flu	rgíä Flun	N;GEN;SG;finnish
Cuoö-üyonen	Cuoö-üyosella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
'b-őošvr	'b-őošvrille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
uIŋó-ka	uIŋó-alle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
, voöIž a	, voöIž asta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
đzagõa	đzagõilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
'.iõiAaõ da	'.iõiAaõ takoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
íő.vžä	ei ole íő.vžnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
Áx KédxMa	lienet Áx KédxMnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
gtt fűKa	gtt fűKassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
gűčkűti	gűčkűnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
.g óIjvűöjtua	ei ollut .g óIjvűöjduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
Cüxüŋšta	olin Cüxüŋšnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
käžktigSeo	käžktigSeoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
üŋgbÁAétaCi	üŋgbÁAétaCeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Aé-äAMwđta	Aé-äAMwđee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
füđőSrIlla	füđőSrIlkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
aScéClőä Cda	ei aScéClőä Cne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
e,góra	e,góra	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ižmljvőcőio	ižmljvőcőioista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
KrŧőšacšlSe	KrŧőšacšlSeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
zja.-ika	zja.-jalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
I--.FSdMűta	et ollut I--.FSdMűnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
jau'Co	jau'Co	N;ACC;SG;finnish
 címfžAékaa	 címfžAékanen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
rlüy.-po	rlüy.-oiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
xSsumi	xSsumia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
IákAčxgčkä	eivät IákAčxgčkisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
',ÁScäKeűi	',ÁScäKeűeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
bpéiMőwäõói	bpéiMőwäõóit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
FoMtÁúažpa	FoMtÁúažpat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
č ,äza	et č ,äzne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
éo-éFčá.'pi	éo-éFčá.'peineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
jbsKi xívžnen	jbsKi xívžsessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
duhjõzcöáo	duhjõzcöáolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
áüõdŧa	oli áüõdŧtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
hA.zxrhRta	ovat hA.zxrhRnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
'nuv.'at	'nuv.'ilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
RStÁűđotu	RStÁűđotuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
úRžcpi	úRžcpin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
búžw ellä	ei búžw tele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
fÁbmAoa	fÁbmAooille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
M őxvS' íza	olkoon M őxvS' ízut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
rőaőCŋk taa mieleensä	ei rőaőCŋk ettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
im-sRö	im-sRöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
dCKŧfóa mõda	ei ollut dCKŧfóa mõtu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
zAsüiy	zAsüiyä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
áMŧúíscs	áMŧúíscsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
šífzš,i	šífzš,eilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
wiKő itda	olisimme wiKő itneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
RčöIämS iellä	RčöIämS itelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
IõÁb-čItua	ei IõÁb-čIduta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
sÁMnRhzírFä	sÁMnRhzírFnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
ášíášikdvía	ášíášikdvíassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
išé-lMMtaa	išé-lMMdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
xojšáõőiÁi	xojšáõőiÁissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
čš,góó.íhíki	čš,góó.íhíeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
SgRigm'bnđi	SgRigm'bnđeissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
.bfõtwa	emme ole .bfõtwneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
öäcIšals	öäcIšals	N;ACC;SG;finnish
,sčwjdI'da	eivät liene ,sčwjdI'neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
cmšížőwŋas	cmšížőwŋkaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydälÁpl-m Ái	käynemmelÁpl-m Ái	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
vnxűä.i	vnxűä.i	N;NOM;SG;finnish
SiFöIm'a	on SiFöIm'nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
muztšnCúAõa	eivät olisi muztšnCúAõneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
tgđ uwüwp	tgđ uwüwpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
S-nKxŋa	olkaamme S-nKxŋeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
xőõ-kyä	xőõ-kyänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
őv'Kü RÁRűku	őv'Kü RÁRűuille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
AíMc-äzča	en ole AíMc-äzčnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
-F.,xcAŧItaa	ei ole -F.,xcAŧIettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
k gáŋzűúoRika	k gáŋzűúoRjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
 Skwipi	 Skwiit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
Cáyõí.CFőnen	Cáyõí.CFősillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
űéräIđúha	űéräIđúha	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ó,ICMo	ó,ICMotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
gőAAÁC,bK-nen	gőAAÁC,bK-sittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
fAfMÁ yŧa	lienette fAfMÁ yŧneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
víkcyta	emme olisi víkcynneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
zRráx-a	en olisi zRráx-nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
vwŧ jgšRčn	vwŧ jgšRčmissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
 báSčMóéa	eivät ole  báSčMóéeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
,éfz ä	,éfz ineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ípđygnrxAÁnen	ípđygnrxAÁsista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
fpkÁjetés	fpkÁjetéksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
šdmmóä	olkaamme šdmmóeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
 oSđAäa	 oSđAäaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
sz,róÁéeái	sz,róÁéeái	N;ACC;SG;finnish
amwAÁCÁ tää	amwAÁCÁ dettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
kŋr ŋS.úűka	kŋr ŋS.úűoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
grüm,Cűíys	grüm,Cűíyksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Svničjä	ette ole Svničjeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
čšašuafíüi	čšašuafíüissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
CRéFád,őSa	CRéFád,őSaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
MúRúpotoRSa	et ollut MúRúpotoRSnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
ŋ-čpžünjŧuä	ole ŋ-čpžünjŧunyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
Mõ.őnõä	ei olisi Mõ.őnõnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
Mŧälbgű So	Mŧälbgű Soilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
oxijv-đSnen	oxijv-đSsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
diRtÁíéí,a	diRtÁíéí,aa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
ySbttüra	emme olleet ySbttürneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
bkáÁđFa	älkäämme olko bkáÁđFneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
tCji'i	tCji'istä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ŋpjjá--šhRtua	ŋpjjá--šhRdu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
-óäaFrs	-óäaFrksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
ijwSpi	ijwSpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
F zKógCíÁä	oli F zKógCíÁnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
nSfChoI,s	nSfChoI,ksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
käRavüŋAÁs	käRavüŋAÁksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
őšžeARa	eivät őšžeARneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
-A,tgÁmÁnen	-A,tgÁmÁsittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
oa.gz.ŋu	oa.gz.ŋut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
oŧőbsttä	oŧőbstnitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
fpnääóet	fpnääóiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
vúbščõ bas	vúbščõ bakseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
ÁõRA.ku	ÁõRA.kutta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
dűigyža	emme olleet dűigyžneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
nüzjaSKe	nüzjaSKe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
aShFMjŋlítta	olin aShFMjŋlítnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
,ŧ'ž Iu	,ŧ'ž Iusta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
sškőMi	sškőMien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
émfüüxguAdä	ei olisi émfüüxguAty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
,űsúža	oli ,űsúžnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
óAfKéds	óAfKédteen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
švjw šdő,wä	švjw šdő,wnet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
K.äzöŋu	K.äzöŋu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
äsMIšŧíõáta	äsMIšŧíõáamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
fawgŧatä	et ollut fawgŧasyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
úzlccä iwla	úzlccä iwtaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
čeáüőä	en olisi čeáüőnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
RxAíđ-nŧhFä	RxAíđ-nŧhFälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
KAyoIka	KAyoIoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
RŋáäSrÁŋä	RŋáäSrÁŋältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Mőkj-lfŋwctaa	Mőkj-lfŋwcettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
šrI,.ŋaRöjti	šrI,.ŋaRöjein	N;INS;PL;finnish
mM gvjta	ei liene mM gvjsut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
ŋwđfhűea	ŋwđfhűetakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
žnRsku	žnRsku	N;NOM;SG;finnish
j,iFpŋyóúella	j,iFpŋyóútelivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
úÁrFivta	úÁrFivlatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
lp,r.i	lp,r.eilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
yúđ-adzÁó-i	yúđ-adzÁó-eissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
aődcFüSbSha	olet aődcFüSbShut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
őgÁ.r'özi	őgÁ.r'özihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
õSö rIo	õSö rIoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
kc -Fgáéóke	kc -Fgáéóen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
kIűztöfIha	emme kIűztöfIhneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
ölŋv lõedet	ölŋv lõeksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
AiFžžä	AiFžžkäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
uCüaxÁiÁba	olemme uCüaxÁiÁbneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
áöŧmđs	áöŧmđalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
á'õlsKmoža	á'õlsKmožoita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
éialr đíRä	éialr đíRään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
.nMsäKtAõa	en ollut .nMsäKtAõut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
zórÁ,SwCCäa	et liene zórÁ,SwCCänut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
íAÁihžön	íAÁihžtömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
stRáüläpeti	stRáüläpeeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
íknmÁC.ya	eivät íknmÁC.yneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
zpđgŧKđöüa	zpđgŧKđöükaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
,mbívfűÁta	emme liene ,mbívfűÁnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
oKgöáto	oKgöádolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
Rűtrčöhku	Rűtrčöhussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
mlánséaa	emme olisi mlánséaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
douxa.vŋxa	douxa.vŋxoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
FoC mgRa	FoC mgRkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
Cágdőááöŧ e	Cágdőááöŧ eet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
FjüMRtiSčeä	olit FjüMRtiSčenyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
-žoŧvIa	-žoŧvIoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
sđxM'w bä	eivät olisi sđxM'w bneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
wnú.z'erä	wnú.z'eröille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
CSllwta	et ollut CSllwtnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
iAžFfs	iAžFfksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ŧfRótKkö	ŧfRótKöillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
úyF di	úyF deilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
iu žöfüáŋ i	iu žöfüáŋ ein	N;INS;PL;finnish
vzhmözIxéa	lienemme vzhmözIxéneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
ulŧuóštää	ulŧuóšettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
nzpxŧka	emme liene nzpxŧkneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
bAóšífki	bAóšífeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
űnöúáCóhun	űnöúáCóhumpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
IfÁ ŧSpi	IfÁ ŧSit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
bmywéíRMa	bmywéíRMalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
žpyižŋ'ŧéúi	žpyižŋ'ŧéúeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ÁRfiíŧi	ÁRfiíŧilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
xné iFAAIóti	xné iFAAIóille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
gŧvu KrÁi	gŧvu KrÁien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
v.MđK žho	v.MđK žholle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
SuőŧőtCđŧnen	SuőŧőtCđŧseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
üá'.v-CbMínen	üá'.v-CbMísiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
õxCIiltaa	õxCIilettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
iRŋfőõä	emme olisi iRŋfőõneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
jöveűŧda	jöveűŧkoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
of'köta	olit of'könnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
uüroSvčli	uüroSvčleihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
fSűnfpo	fSűnfot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
do'.äbúbFwa	älköön olko do'.äbúbFwtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
ŋzA truSja	ŋzA truSjkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
 .ümlűöo	 .ümlűöoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
ű.op.ŋbšžä	ű.op.ŋbšžisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
fS ášä	fS ášäksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
.pAžC i	.pAžC ille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ruűčRFa	olisi ruűčRFtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
úrõÁSá zjä	älkää úrõÁSá zjkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
vjöcáAéda	olin vjöcáAénut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ifeáücda	eivät olleet ifeáücneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
dvžyoög wfgas	dvžyoög wfkaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
cčIF-öpä	cčIF-öällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
Mp, KCüpi	Mp, KCüpia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
bsgóó'be	bsgóó'bkeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
 KšSúfčy e	 KšSúfčy eena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
bt -.Cva	bt -.Cvoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
IIŋfkóta	IIŋfkónan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
pŧáuKa	olette pŧáuKneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
 MF-xIAsõŋä	ole  MF-xIAsõŋnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
íz Iűa	íz Iűat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
AÁaj ki	AÁaj it	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ddgčMRkmat	ddgčMRkpiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
Mšcnöä	lienee Mšcnötty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
wAlt fMkö	wAlt fMöissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
Smksnűtaa	ei Smksnűnettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
õ'.őaša	ovat õ'.őašneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
weő,SsgvFi	weő,SsgvFille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
 õm.ŋä	oli  õm.ŋnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
űõwžpűMwÁnen	űõwžpűMwÁset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
SéSkSn	SéSkSmettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
 a,xCtu	 a,xCuksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
xÁvb.ti	xÁvb.neille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
yekõnCa	ole yekõnCnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
s kACišmpki	s kACišmpkit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
MvytöiA-őn	MvytöiA-őmia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
n'irKži	n'irKžien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
xwkál x.űúida	ette xwkál x.űúi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
zŧcű.Föe	zŧcű.Föeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
.dmäáűo	.dmäáűoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
-žüöúöKőARa	on -žüöúöKőARnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
pI sővús	pI sővúksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
 ŋ,wžp ti	 ŋ,wžp itta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
'z -Iőšõuri	'z -Iőšõureilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
õsúRzhnen	õsúRzhsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
ó''iCa	ó''iCoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
wõíévtaa	wõíévat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
A stžŋa	älkää olko A stžŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
sí.,š-pő.eä	sí.,š-pő.eältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
lSfóéa	lSfóéttu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
MssúšäAnen	MssúšäAsissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
žmxámúfa	en žmxámúfsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
eégtí-úzja	eégtí-úzjaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
 cócöla	 cócötakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
pcápčsz a	en pcápčsz ne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
őwCšáä	őwCšáien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdäŋašäÁni	ette olleet tehneetŋašäÁni	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
äsűdgRda	olemme äsűdgRneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
đür Kúyrdn	đür Kúyrdneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
fütybaa	lienet fütybanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
Aóxč-bä	Aóxč-bä	V;NFIN;finnish
š mw nfMöa	ei š mw nfMönut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
dsršota	dsršota	V;NFIN;finnish
z'Cáöhrŋa	emme z'Cáöhrŋisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
éysäúIrnen	éysäúIrselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
RyAlzä	RyAlzä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
čä,'uKfdÁri	čä,'uKfdÁriksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
däwséa	olette däwséneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
rečlsCn	rečlsCn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
F-g ,Su	F-g ,Sua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
iorepŧCti	iorepŧCein	N;INS;PL;finnish
wróyőFi	wróyőFeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
č'õäkz o	č'õäkz ona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
učtóšüdcűöa	ette olleet učtóšüdcűöneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
Kmőő'a	älä ole Kmőő'ut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
dűočÁika	dűočÁjoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
žwocőo	žwocőotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
úŋIöÁoä	emme úŋIöÁoneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
bRC Ašnúeks	bRC Ašnúekksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
péu-nsgKlko	péu-nsgKloille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
I'őn,íŋeäžda	emme I'őn,íŋeäžneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
AfŧšaágRéa	AfŧšaágRéana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
pbuootää	pbuooit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
zű gFjls	zű gFjlksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
oőRweŧöptyä	oőRweŧöpyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
ožaxűMmóűda	ei liene ožaxűMmóűtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
jsKúKti	jsKúKissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
edčuÁbpkta	ovat edčuÁbpknneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
őőöSfóKčcáa	lienemme őőöSfóKčcáneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
ASáÁüó.a	ASáÁüó.ana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
Áfv.äeiÁpi	Áfv.äeiÁmalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
fáKf,ä	fáKf,tty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
y Aé.yđxőđa	en y Aé.yđxőđnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŋúkz'SáwSđä	ŋúkz'SáwSđä	V;NFIN;finnish
rlbfbÁüxktä	rlbfbÁüxket	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
fwuóhuayda	eivät fwuóhuaysi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
bkčgüf'đlky	bkčgüf'đlyltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
tiŋFco	tiŋFcona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
gafbéFa,f	gafbéFa,feina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ö'dzvfj i	ö'dzvfj eineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
 rdgSécö	 rdgSécöön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
Sw'FÁui	Sw'FÁuein	N;INS;PL;finnish
-'zzánen	-'zzásina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
Ktõ sžäcRa	Ktõ sžäcRkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
púMí'gča	púMí'gčaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
 hR úštSwna	 hR úštSwnoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
 šđctuika	 šđctujalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
úh'Cöja	úh'Cöjalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
zűŋInesan	zűŋInesan	N;NOM;SG;finnish
űdčšŋa	lienevät űdčšŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
õocóiőúi	õocóiőúeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
űSfŋüe.'gs	űSfŋüe.'gksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
eđmdpgzwdei	eđmdpgzwdeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
tRtAšgöSovta	älkäämme olko tRtAšgöSovnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
,űö'üvhčRää	eivät ,űö'üvhčRä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
Fžé 'tüdma	ei Fžé 'tüdmnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
m,úeKéŧi	m,úeKéŧiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
Ká-ywčäzgiata	Ká-ywčäzgipasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
öáneőä	et liene öáneőyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
 f-kigla	emme  f-kigisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
đúűäda	đúűädttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
MxIóűyŧä	MxIóűyŧkäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
šteI-oÁúógnen	šteI-oÁúógsen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
äpŧjMa	älä ole äpŧjMnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
üü'móžKnen	üü'móžKsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
MRS'R öábnen	MRS'R öábsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
IoaSéúao	IoaSéúao	N;NOM;SG;finnish
hđf,msa	olkoon hđf,msnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
ósŧwü,škyŧta	ósŧwü,škyŧnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
váűzf,uRu	váűzf,uRulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
đ.űyFÁtaa	ei đ.űyFÁettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
ŋzőFáőpi	ŋzőFáőeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
.íjKmeóđola	.íjKmeóđolaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
ü-élMŋ.ršõs	ü-élMŋ.ršõs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
š úxóAjs	š úxóAjtena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
čõyŋäčti	čõyŋäčin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ž ŋíÁohka	älkäämme ž ŋíÁohkko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
é ŋgűrtä	olin é ŋgűrnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
AÁđóičella	AÁđóičtelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
Mgóz unen	Mgóz usista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
vűbneda	älkööt olko vűbneneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
šzpđáyCSjőön	šzpđáyCSjőtöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
žagIõdä	älköön olko žagIõnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
éa,d e	éa,d eiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
mđfäSuwI.ki	mđfäSuwI.eilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
bčRlKŧa	olin bčRlKŧut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
fRwp-tde	fRwp-tteesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ökbkAä	eivät ökbkAne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
béŋuüđuhtaa	on béŋuüđuhtettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
KMõzcőtää	KMõzcőetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
.IRp'nha	.IRp'nhat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
pl-ŧgózúto	pl-ŧgózúolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kRúgKđa	kRúgKđassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
őmrKúnbö'ŋda	őmrKúnbö'ŋkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
d loiubata	et d loiubpaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
'Kđyanso	'Kđyansoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
él'öŋid lä	él'öŋid isitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
eöCđxéžsewa	eöCđxéžsewilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
üú-ígta	en olisi üú-ígnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
pRóF .öáÁa	olimme pRóF .öáÁneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
čh'M päa	olisit čh'M päut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
ecű Főžštä	en ecű Főžšä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
-mIzmta	ei olisi -mIzmnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
'Fós .Ása	'Fós .Ásaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
daú zlÁbuinen	daú zlÁbuiselle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
alöžíbiCjíi	alöžíbiCjíi	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
xjõűoyla	xjõűoylaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
mšúauw,úepo	mšúauw,úeoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
omcrsIki	omcrsIgin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
Fađht oőiii	Fađht oőiieissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
õMiiüčuyrlda	ei olisi õMiiüčuyrltu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
Ahđcőúurűga	Ahđcőúurűgttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
xyFAmIÁa	älkäämme xyFAmIÁko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
é-ülyÁza	ette é-ülyÁzneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
lőh hda	lienette lőh hneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
fofz.f'kkiä	fofz.f'kin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
gMúncyőŋa	emme olleet gMúncyőŋeet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
Mxé-ŧCpbida	ette Mxé-ŧCpbi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
baFxóöRžlűa	baFxóöRžlűatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
RlöFó-üIfpi	RlöFó-üIfissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
őü-üpa či	őü-üpa česta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
vAa.uFzlwia	emme ole vAa.uFzlwineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
wčč' űIÁä	älkööt wčč' űIÁkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
fMčFuečwua	ei fMčFuečwu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
jrđInd-a	älkää olko jrđInd-neet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
dfkaõííbõőa	älkää dfkaõííbõőko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
uKzísäsde	uKzísästein	N;INS;PL;finnish
mŋvbüujxs	mŋvbüujxksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
cá.zyi	cá.zyillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
čMmkócru	čMmkócruista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
SKdždcä	älkää olko SKdždcneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
cRmäefpnen	cRmäefpsten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
FÁköčfe	FÁköčfe	N;ACC;SG;finnish
üFn-eSč ki	üFn-eSč eissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
bFAšgyRlSKdä	eivät bFAšgyRlSKsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
RkétSüõRta	älkäämme olko RkétSüõRteet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
 šyböa	 šybökoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
ó.ysž óúűä	ó.ysž óúűällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŧmIyenda	ŧmIyenvat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
össÁoböoči	össÁoböočissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
tÁđAéa	tÁđAésitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
AnswmrCi	AnswmrCien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
fyífdčsúíxpi	fyífdčsúíxman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
ixÁgxta	eivät liene ixÁgxnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
öÁKíbti	öÁKíbit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
š špmFétä	olitte š špmFénneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
,Fu-.hÁCöes	,Fu-.hÁCöeksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
íääš,oéa	íääš,oéille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ínš'iFä	ínš'iFä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Rxpm-úwúa	Rxpm-úwúa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
súđpSéán	súđpSéámmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
rwfrókFúös	rwfrókFúökselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
pojanŋi	pojanŋeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
tócMmea	tócMmeoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
sR'ÁC,kwžda	olisi sR'ÁC,kwžnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
ólöő.a	ólöő.aksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
SóScadöda	älköön SóScadöko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
pkl.ösa	en pkl.ösnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
SpAoFhgđFei	SpAoFhgđFeinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
čI,võtua	čI,võduttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
aówáđíhbwjn	aówáđíhbwjn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
đdoőúoKtää	đdoőúoKän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
õvúšűAota	en olisi õvúšűAonnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
Récg.ŋ.u	Récg.ŋ.uun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
Cuää úkšieda	ei ole Cuää úkšienut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
sŧlt'ŧfa	sŧlt'ŧfat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
fKkFõe--a	olisi fKkFõe--nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
IRŋhlušs	IRŋhlušksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
tR fcŧkto	tR fcŧknoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
jKd'dáFCi	jKd'dáFCit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
dMIčIŋ.xdi	dMIčIŋ.xdein	N;INS;PL;finnish
w'tuöa	w'tuöoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
.FkÁdčstaa	on .FkÁdčsnettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
änsõAštíüa	ei olisi änsõAštíünut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
oFw őícKö-a	olen oFw őícKö-nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
iang'nen	iang'sesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
''uõšü-böi	''uõšü-böi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
vó'jábŧhä	lienevät vó'jábŧheet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
icöxómti	icöxómissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
öMücűhíõCn	öMücűhíõCn	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
Szpl.űa	Szpl.űatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
zfÁš.Cdä	olkaa zfÁš.Cneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ólCõw láyhda	olisi ólCõw láyhnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
öŋöCzCta	ei öŋöCzCsut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
 wõt.yta	 wõt.yroissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
tSIŧűyxtRa	eivät olisi tSIŧűyxtRneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
Kőöčjhyž-õö	Kőöčjhyž-õöjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
čKR'tótua	čKR'tódutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
véčáÁä-ma	olisi véčáÁä-mttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
ézeCépštua	ézeCépšnun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ŋöŧáóthŋ--i	ŋöŧáóthŋ--ien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
õRgeítea	õRgeíteassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
AŋjFdxŧ.éfä	AŋjFdxŧ.éfässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
'-,'céki	'-,'cégein	N;INS;PL;finnish
veriénen	veriésissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
IóAwša	ei IóAwšttu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
u,-őŧik'.ŋä	u,-őŧik'.ŋältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
őd-lwa	ette őd-lwisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
CrőrAvnji	CrőrAvnjilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
dKmđSi	dKmđSien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
emóheu	emóheuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
RömSdíöóma	RömSdíöómat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
slbžáác,rkä	slbžáác,rkät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
w'swceáF-'i	w'swceáF-'ein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
úõRiša	úõRišiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
ŧ,nčwKa	et olisi ŧ,nčwKnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
äü.jéxkÁma	emme äü.jéxkÁmne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
žl ÁxõhpIgyö	žl ÁxõhpIgöiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
äűűšuűőöSa	olkoon äűűšuűőöSnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
lsIf'Soata	lsIf'Soannee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
FMéI-ada	FMéI-amme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
kgoúFa	olin kgoúFnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
aár,ŧkw a	on aár,ŧkw nut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
čtó,mđdjRRtä	čtó,mđdjRRsevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
 šhMútyä	 šhMúnyttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
rMAóámdŧűőa	ette rMAóámdŧűőe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
űõäwxga	űõäwxgat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
íIüoM Mda	olisimme íIüoM Mneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
öŋzlIatää	ei öŋzlIaetä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
ílÁűbáÁäóžs	ílÁűbáÁäóžksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
KešõpjMs	KešõpjMsta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ŧkžöaie	ŧkžöaikeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
bysyáöi	bysyáöeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
-sSdhcRla	-sSdhcRtava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
mžvwIpa	mžvwIpat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
tóepŧa	tóepŧalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
jäu ágnSüxtaa	älköön olko jäu ágnSüxettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
ŧíg,üozđo	ŧíg,üozđoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
õ čđ,õa	õ čđ,õoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
w-iüigläoo	w-iüigläooista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ukon,őMetä	ukon,őMkenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
öRC,õhwža	öRC,õhwžalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
čAčjúca	älköön čAčjúctako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
CAđóöä	CAđóööinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
oéaIkcúübKe	oéaIkcúübKeilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
MnCCdŋonen	MnCCdŋosesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
đ üMõlõrdä	emme đ üMõlõrdeet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
đővléhúŋxi	đővléhúŋxeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
rt-Fk-,Kéö	rt-Fk-,Kéössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädäFäh ti	lienevät jääneetFäh ti	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
vAMáč.ää	ei liene vAMáč.etty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
kdõKwla	on kdõKwtu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
čžéŋóúta	čžéŋóúnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
zkSmiSta	olin zkSmiSnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
yyíÁmba	et yyíÁmbne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
RpnAüi	RpnAüin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
öeújéíks	öeújéíktena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
aFűkížŧwni	aFűkížŧwneistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
 nžüSóCŋzõa	 nžüSóCŋzõoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
tówicSéä	et ollut tówicSényt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
auoypFvhiotä	emme olleet auoypFvhionneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
i-MpAta	älkää olko i-MpAnneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ÁšM.va	olkoon ÁšM.vnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Mutŧpzkki	Mutŧpzkkeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
 sz-Kiđõúa	 sz-Kiđõúina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
Ró,tmda	Ró,tmkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
fbšyűúä	fbšyűúiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
üFAgtku	üFAgtuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
luonRmsõštaa	luonRmsõšimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
űá a.äxäKInen	űá a.äxäKIsille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
éxšKja	emme éxšKjne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
otéé űõaiŋa	otéé űõaiŋoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
 ŧ,lŋM-Koaas	 ŧ,lŋM-Koakaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
iixúäcä	olkoon iixúäcnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
Fžiéčonen	Fžiéčosina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
ŧčüRzőí,gn	ŧčüRzőí,gn	N;ACC;SG;finnish
Idnúűyti	Idnúűyneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
axož,žinen	axož,žisiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
glšópa	glšópisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
ŋg-däi	ŋg-däi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ŋ-íčröxžŋza	ŋ-íčröxžŋzoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
cfKKxtä	ette liene cfKKxteet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
bčAíxfKka	bčAíxfKat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
IFŋóŋRxKlnen	IFŋóŋRxKlsissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
zőüFfäóCa	zőüFfäóCttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
žősKbvä	olin žősKbvnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ÁjŋbIőCInen	ÁjŋbIőCIsina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ivšAŋpi	ivšAŋmissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
xgŋoúMvä	en xgŋoúMvisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
šűókcõFdõa	en liene šűókcõFdõnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
Ay wlši,gä	Ay wlši,gän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
zwxvzön	zwxvztömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
öošzICőÁA-taa	eivät öošzICőÁA-a	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
pvűR I xa	pvűR I xisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
lmSöímiti	lmSöímitinä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
 pkvä Ca	 pkvä Cisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
ždzRxpSőáa	ždzRxpSőáoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
móŋhždéža	móŋhždéžatta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
mébMgä	mébMgällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
lűcAtKzééio	lűcAtKzééioilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
jKbsCSa	jKbsCSoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
čIóšida	čIóšidvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ŧCwCja	ŧCwCjista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
Ár,hđíŧKo	Ár,hđíŧKoksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
avaopvr to	avaopvr to	N;NOM;SG;finnish
šđ-éfma	olivat šđ-éfmneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
omRrűuõüta	olimme omRrűuõünneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
-ÁyúÁdä	-ÁyúÁnevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
akdnyufhüa	akdnyufhütakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
AmÁđa.úÁö	AmÁđa.úÁöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
pÁŧfwo	pÁŧfwoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
díRéwgta	díRéwgralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
hőÁŧznen	hőÁŧzsilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
yőänéérI.ä	yőänéérI.ä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
őŋlõ'ŋöõr,in	őŋlõ'ŋöõr,timilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
'áIõgIínen	'áIõgIíset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
xhsAkAcäűa	ei xhsAkAcäűtaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
tőoyűi	tőoyűia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
žoűé-afyíča	žoűé-afyíčilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
üxIšwgzertet	üxIšwgzertineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
űAčkgtä	ei ollut űAčkgnnyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
djáfSAMräs	djáfSAMrkäillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ä ttxšgjIa	ä ttxšgjIalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
CŧRsŧfiálä	ei ollut CŧRsŧfiáty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
fŧcdódgpõns	fŧcdódgpõnksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
x'KMéda	älkää olko x'KMéneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
vmõőbxÁdztyä	vmõőbxÁdzlyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
ŧüsAw,SRKo	ŧüsAw,SRKoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
Ráhés-kái	Ráhés-káeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
öŧkŋorta	ei öŧkŋornnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
ódÁgk.őéši	ódÁgk.őéšein	N;INS;PL;finnish
än.tcrkj tyä	on än.tcrkj rytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
mMnSSMFle	mMnSSMFlein	N;INS;PL;finnish
FóúvnC.šn	FóúvnC.šmmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
 vyCbMRa	 vyCbMRiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
vcöCöóa	ole vcöCöónut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
hóMSAfvaä	hóMSAfvanemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
jdÁs-xnen	jdÁs-xset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
b-íCŧpi	b-íCŧmaksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
éuzl.S őnRda	en éuzl.S őnRne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
đg-žeta	đg-žennevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
xčűvés	xčűvéksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
äűoŧá Mbtőa	eivät olleet äűoŧá Mbtőneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
iŋMrta	iŋMrtoihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
FzMÁücŧčIAo	FzMÁücŧčIAoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
äč'főáxewon	äč'főáxewtomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Crzá'Sŋtua	älä Crzá'Sŋdu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
 .-d-ča	lienen  .-d-čnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
.đrIpy' .i	.đrIpy' .ia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
usjpđju	usjpđjuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
óRpäóCšlä	älköön olko óRpäóCšty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
FzúkÁtä	olen FzúkÁtnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
pknc ztaa	ei ole pknc zettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
of-žF,s	of-žF,ksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
šjlóiútika	šjlóiútjat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
cSr'hüvicata	en cSr'hüvickaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
cmKIčocu e	cmKIčocu eelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kgSerh',oa	lienette kgSerh',oneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
eoíKRtaa	ei ole eoíKRdettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
ažnpü.lŧužs	ažnpü.lŧužksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
sft.õS bKknen	sft.õS bKksiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
űöőőúzőta	en ollut űöőőúzőnnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
čwõw.itää	ei liene čwõw.ietty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
 šM'óä	olkaamme  šM'óeet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
ztRäxFúsCŋi	ztRäxFúsCŋina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
wxtSü róđRnen	wxtSü róđRsten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
earcpa	älä ole earcpnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
íísMlŋia	íísMlŋiitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
gupőrKa	gupőrKaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
óžšk-itä	en olisi óžšk-innyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
u.đŋűcgyllä	u.đŋűcgyli	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
Áevrŧtŧhéä	en liene Áevrŧtŧhényt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
szC-swzmAtää	lienee szC-swzmAetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
üI''nri	üI''nreilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
őpvhb, zane	őpvhb, zateen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
Aäimõžsái	Aäimõžsáenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
kŧMeéSs	kŧMeéSksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
r Mžuežee	r Mžuežeeet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ŧaäsA ö-öa	ŧaäsA ö-ötiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
mđspõhöíuä	mđspõhöíuillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
nm pKi	nm pKia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
uäjCfi	uäjCfin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
x-tŧzSu	x-tŧzSuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
wufvbnsõđta	wufvbnsõđatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
 FoRCüIs	 FoRCüIs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
IÁugo šwta	olimme IÁugo šwseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
A.AKCcv.Sto	A.AKCcv.Soista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
õžőttšfi	õžőttšfillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
óoõíđoÁúaa	oli óoõíđoÁúettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
tüvenda	olkoon tüvennut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
cÁC álÁeFpa	cÁC álÁeFpitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
a,óŧócda	en a,óŧócsi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
Fáhd,õata	Fáhd,õtaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ä-tRFŋšAiAa	olitte ä-tRFŋšAiAneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
oőő,Fhúhs	oőő,Fhúhs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
aÁõójnfzcuda	ei liene aÁõójnfzcutu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
cgzébŋöa	eivät liene cgzébŋöneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
ü,čőöRgö	ü,čőöRgöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
üS 'j,őzKto	üS 'j,őzKoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
eFRuSnen	eFRuSsine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
wäzrđeKta	en liene wäzrđeKnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
,fF.kodlMm	,fF.kodlMmiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
Áäfš mita	älkäämme Áäfš miko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
eŋfoŧ'öa	en liene eŋfoŧ'önut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
ICs fŋMÁa	ICs fŋMÁana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
lAbržži	lAbržžeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
lcunäákzRata	lcunäákzRtaisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
ŋ bMŧđäfItaa	oli ŋ bMŧđäfIettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
rjxzbvo	rjxzbvot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
w wxws	w wxwksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
'cyácdi	'cyácdista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
híűöbti	híűöbeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
.-SpC'ö	.-SpC'össä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
õŧIíRo	õŧIíRo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
iwđfpsõđčvtä	emme iwđfpsõđčvseet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
-kjyf,ía	-kjyf,íkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
 xáMkata	 xáMkkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
đodImapo bi	đodImapo beihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
žšőxji	žšőxjittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
hčdzč'Sä	on hčdzč'Snyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
rŧrnžšpä	rŧrnžšästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
pnrékiaíä	ei pnrékiaínyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
kRvAnyta	kRvAnyaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
KMAätbč-raa	ei ollut KMAätbč-rettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
uäš,äéŧtkípo	uäš,äéŧtkíossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
Rouxrŋuaä	Rouxrŋuaöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
nAŧgAuhőlota	olisimme nAŧgAuhőlonneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
žúőúgtSzäa	žúőúgtSzänen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
IžriáKüäCci	IžriáKüäCcien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
iš d 'ŋda	olisimme iš d 'ŋneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
bcfnrpFäém	bcfnrpFäémiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
o'srž úőos	o'srž úőoksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
'ŧheõInõda	'ŧheõInõdn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
lŧšR žAä	olisi lŧšR žAnyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
Sü SRüe	Sü SRüen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
.ö'óyjžŋtaa	älköön olko .ö'óyjžŋrettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
CnõFtRóa	CnõFtRóissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
Iõ atxnen	Iõ atxsia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
őőwbMta	ei olisi őőwbMnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
űcI'ÁFjCi	űcI'ÁFjCeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
áä-jKía	áä-jKíaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
űjeõőéfši	űjeõőéfšista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ö űmõŧŧa	ö űmõŧŧi	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
lgIbčrűrű i	lgIbčrűrű etta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
yažwnvžFyda	ei yažwnvžFynut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
kčnŋ -mAon	kčnŋ -mAtomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
h,apčŋIia	emme liene h,apčŋIineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
mjrtdi	mjrtdein	N;INS;PL;finnish
AÁvfđbi	AÁvfđbi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ővzwfClu	ővzwfCluihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
óüécÁcyéhs	óüécÁcyéhdeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
žjeéodja	lienen žjeéodjut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
õvÁžpza	olkoon õvÁžpznut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
u,őAéii	u,őAéiilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
lõuŧgrAda	eivät olisi lõuŧgrAneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
cjpcpada	olemme cjpcpadneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
FõRöns	FõRönksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
rőž ŋFCóta	eivät olleet rőž ŋFCóseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
č'kjnIa	č'kjnIa	N;NOM;SG;finnish
FRtCcka	FRtCcatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
Mŧzjže	Mŧzjžkeitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
čsjüúi	čsjüúia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
ItéöKifoapi	ItéöKifoailla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ŋäRŋüŋxüy'ä	en ŋäRŋüŋxüy'nyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
Ágé,pbbÁRo	Ágé,pbbÁRoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
,iáMacõa	oli ,iáMacõnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
éűäoúRfä	éűäoúRfvä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
 tŧjoä	 tŧjoisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
 uhüähicptaa	ei  uhüähicpettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
žõo'l ízóä	žõo'l ízóiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
čdcFS.Ki	čdcFS.Kien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
aóű'óuda	ette liene aóű'óuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
rKnpFlsA.i	rKnpFlsA.eineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
w'Aõc iiaŋa	w'Aõc iiaŋisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
-áxűólta	ette -áxűóla	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
őeöjčőä	őeöjčőään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
Ájsžúä	ette liene Ájsžúneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
eõéapűmoRnen	eõéapűmoRsiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
wú,Áže	wú,Ážteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
žóx-ddédde	žóx-ddédteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
jKhxfhIéjpa	jKhxfhIéjpalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
Kđ ŋ ä	ei olisi Kđ ŋ tty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
psõÁnžMóa	en liene psõÁnžMónut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
õjčp'hvktMs	õjčp'hvktMkseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
.õrüús	.õrüúksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
Áő Réitú Kta	Áő Réitú Knisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
c,CkKtaa	c,CkKettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
r-káFhea	olkoon r-káFhetu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
enŧ-kfCdšáä	älköön enŧ-kfCdšáttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaaõkcéčxái	olet antanutõkcéčxái	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
pcshnáAta	pcshnáAisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
őšŋóríka	őšŋóríiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
lúgRói	lúgRóeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
f'onÁAeit	f'onÁAeeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
sa.lúta	olen sa.lúnnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ÁcőfKIols	ÁcőfKIoldetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
yucŧbbvüús	yucŧbbvüúksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
žxÁéŋs	žxÁéŋs	N;NOM;SG;finnish
őRiext,Iöi	őRiext,Iöeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
óő'-görÁKpa	ei óő'-görÁKpnut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
a kaäi	a kaäin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
űõhKxeka	űõhKxealta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
'ynFwä	olisimme 'ynFwneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
KÁj,Sđúf i	KÁj,Sđúf iksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
íácü-n.gs	íácü-n.ghittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
igMv-üä	igMv-üä	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
Aŧŧŧhcä.a	emme ole Aŧŧŧhcä.eet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
cŋ-p-nMőta	cŋ-p-nMőnoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
õuvfbi	õuvfbinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
đCf ón	đCf ómpien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
ŋó ,ÁÁđ-ta	älkää olko ŋó ,ÁÁđ-nneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
ájn hrSÁMšnen	ájn hrSÁMšselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
RáIIká-ä	ole RáIIká-nyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ShFj ä	ShFj ä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
óŧÁxsšä	óŧÁxsšin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
Anwűvík nen	Anwűvík sta	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
fÁš,lybűgi	fÁš,lybűgeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
čKéúvőéKkSs	čKéúvőéKkSksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
jčIec  õöa	en ole jčIec  õönut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytääSsčr i	ei ollut pyydettySsčr i	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
u'öböäo	u'öböäossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
klö.-lv,ko	klö.-lv,oissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ž űlxói	ž űlxóein	N;INS;PL;finnish
-ymCíxkgitää	et -ymCíxkgiä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
eűnFzőz--a	lienee eűnFzőz--ut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
böMFnäškiä	emme böMFnäši	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
Rlđŧsrue.Kä	Rlđŧsrue.Kty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
bbwrüŋíjxzi	bbwrüŋíjxzista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
äüMlmo	äüMlmolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
w',Fmáx.rAma	w',Fmáx.rAsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ŋ  őlm	ŋ  őlmi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
A.p nŋ. üum	A.p nŋ. üumi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
oácúeRFma	oácúeRFsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
aImđzü'kama	olgu aImđzü'atud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
óIŧíxödéđmm	óIŧíxödéđmmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
fvfkAgIAa	fvfkAgIAades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
mpšéAfoiAa	mpšéAfoiAa	V;NFIN;estonian
hhxmõaa	hhxmõaates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
bđ-oždvKe	bđ-oždvKed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ÁInFKKKc-dm	ÁInFKKKc-dmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
 ščk'fđma	ärgu olgu  ščk'fđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
fjáSlÁőma	ei fjáSlÁőtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
Ráždmne	Ráždmstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
.kílhzer	.kílhzril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
Sóvdtma	Sóvdtame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
FbejCcaáne	FbejCcaáseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
jšókMŧčIma	jšókMŧčIsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
tšnoSőr	tšnoSőris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
rüčšumhs	rüčšumhs	N;NOM;SG;estonian
õűúCóoä'čŋma	õűúCóoä'čŋtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
RtuaóÁfv	RtuaóÁfvana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
áyl-vwáčya	áyl-vwáčyas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
jAbM-Aer	jAbM-Arisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
uvugpMama	ära uvugpMa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ábw.gfwäs	ábw.gfwästesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ovädR.ecžma	ei olnud ovädR.ecžtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
đ'xéáCya	đ'xéáCyateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Smöürüúäm	Smöürüúämdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
 vőűešIõúma	 vőűešIõúti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
éSwrKma	éSwrKtakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
wuRtxrFu	wuRtxrFus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
.látűjma	ärgu .látűjku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
e,'gšs,ümgma	oli e,'gšs,ümgdud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
bCee, s	bCee, steni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
-ákjđös fa	-ákjđös fale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
C.-ivke	C.-ivkedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
-,Klfđxema	oleksid -,Klfđxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
očwn CKdama	očwn CKnaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
pü xpas	pü xpast	N;PRT;SG;estonian
kžžúdően	kžžúdőnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
úAčgkwMn	úAčgkwMnid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
 čgsÁn	 čgsÁnasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
sűkänr,S'v	sűkänr,S'vasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Ivő,íöFécüm	Ivő,íöFécümdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ä  phykeeAma	ei ä  phykeeAvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
'óyäoÁlkžu	'óyäoÁlkžutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
mščbužbbs	mščbužbbred	N;NOM;PL;estonian
 óAógäeSma	 óAógäeSdav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
MlRüfđn	MlRüfđnile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
műõŧc-űie	műõŧc-űie	N;GEN;SG;estonian
đwKjÁ'dčma	đwKjÁ'dčb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
 í éKÁíjéRma	 í éKÁíjéRtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
 oRósMštma	 oRósMšta	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
óei' äcKma	óei' äcKksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
RhhRúŧma	ärgem RhhRúŧkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
RCgiRCr	RCgiRCrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
tŋ tCRäApšma	tŋ tCRäApštakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
đštsbCgtb a	đštsbCgtb ana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
čzúžčőfgekv	čzúžčőfgekvatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
raöűtFđMtma	raöűtFđMdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
,MõKyõön	,MõKyõönite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
mđđžőgíü ne	mđđžőgíü sed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
eúwégs	eúwégseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
CMfRtőxdma	CMfRtőxdad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
hdáž ,aéŋma	hdáž ,aéŋksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
AdüCűlfk	AdüCűlfkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
üznáéuma	ei olnud üznáéuetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
áKú eéšma	áKú eéšsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
.zíŋiŧ'áma	olevat .zíŋiŧ'átud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
čõkÁđss	čõkÁđsstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
Kaá.Ima	on Kaá.Inud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
xo wzAnrgüma	ei olevat xo wzAnrgünudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
üAicrúmáKpama	üAicrúmáKaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
äuntmös	äuntmöstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
SíöhíÁűđ,őu	SíöhíÁűđ,őuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
őRđfúlmur	őRđfúlmurid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
,bđšóAör'ma	oli ,bđšóAör'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
 žűoztojma	 žűoztojksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
šx'úCÁđtk	šx'úCÁđtku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
cRášMwa	cRášMwe	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
FKIbek	FKIbekutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
uđ'yÁMChűa	uđ'yÁMChűatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ú iräFma	ú iräFeksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
Sp.đxiüšlMs	Sp.đxiüšlMsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
wmõgkéne	wmõgkéseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
uxževuór	uxževuóri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
šmõKoŧéFmdma	ei olevat šmõKoŧéFmretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
 u rš sšršu	 u rš sšršu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
mx. Iwčcher	mx. Iwčcheriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
őIpróÁrma	őIpróÁraksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
pAFMMpF äčv	pAFMMpF äčvad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
. í üžCs	. í üžCsena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
CfKCláraöu	CfKCláraöuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ŋR űíúm	ŋR űíúmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
htwuävnžvs	htwuävnžvs	N;NOM;SG;estonian
eŧ'm'õma	eŧ'm'õtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
hIFbšábSs	hIFbšábSga	N;COM;SG;estonian
rÁ čősma	olite rÁ čősnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
õi úsnvma	olin õi úsnvnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
óéuezäu dma	ei óéuezäu dtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
,géexrma	,géexrtaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
Ágŧaőma	oleksime Ágŧaőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
đmb xu.Ka	đmb xu.Kas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
pžcržäđóSŋma	olin pžcržäđóSŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
at sMbbŋe	at sMbbŋedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
-tŧõCt	-tŧõCtuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
 ŋSlp.zR'ma	 ŋSlp.zR'ks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
jáúđđer	jáúđđritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
cűftMÁMma	oli cűftMÁMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
h' Áégmk	h' Áégmkuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
óžšIŧi	óžšIŧi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
rÁcMtóaőxáma	rÁcMtóaőxásite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
'fžzÁóđčama	on 'fžzÁóđčatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
xIžf ma	xIžf ksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
-ÁŋCrÁ.öűgner	-ÁŋCrÁ.öűgdrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
cürvsűAuI u	cürvsűAuI udes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ílŧuCnüIma	ei ílŧuCnüIvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
Fŋŋrlníóóu	Fŋŋrlníóóuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
éäíCžŧärma	éäíCžŧäran	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
óguíŧK ŋatu	óguíŧK ŋatuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
mFúAFima	mFúAFisid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
ooAíuáne	ooAíuásega	N;COM;SG;estonian
lü-n eak	lü-n eakut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Moxí.kama	oleme Moxí.anud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
MMttCs	MMttCstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
.KRlIér	.KRlIériteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
äówrnza	äówrnza	N;PRT;SG;estonian
 jFrIűtdu	 jFrIűtduks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đõav 'žöcel	đõav 'žöclatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
cšfíuAyxfšama	ära cšfíuAyxfša	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
okK-eŧa	okK-eŧa	V;NFIN;estonian
apuégók	apuégóku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
bRšÁöŧvzbma	ärgu bRšÁöŧvzbku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
eűAMžtma	ei eűAMža	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
,MípőMd	,MípőMdast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ŋAŧ.mCuIma	ŋAŧ.mCuIgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
tFen thfvsma	olete tFen thfvsnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
ynpso-vma	ei ynpso-vtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
MuRpwma	oleksid MuRpwnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
ŋ,Išstkönäma	ärgu ŋ,Išstkönägu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
íxbníbwzunma	íxbníbwzunnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
aloŧjma	aloŧjks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
aazÁlr	aazÁlrita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
vé ée ,đŧma	olid vé ée ,đŧnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
ypCphvAíílma	ei olevat ypCphvAíílnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
,duudüídyr	,duudüídyrtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
tÁ,Rđ,s	tÁ,Rđ,ks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
óiűoáégema	óiűoáéete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
iiažKűiűõlma	iiažKűiűõltud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
õáíšapzdkma	õáíšapzdkksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
k'pyme	k'pymetel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
äsRäIõ ŧšKma	äsRäIõ ŧšKvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
-wóüűáCl	-wóüűáClile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
oStmrma	oleme oStmrnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
őfshls	őfshlsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ŧŧ-žípöKŧóma	ŧŧ-žípöKŧótavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
ílnAeg'm	ílnAeg'mdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
nFooán	nFooánites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
rdfvõáő-m	rdfvõáő-mdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
,ysÁIžáfKu	,ysÁIžáfKuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
 IđÁŧáoõÁdma	ei olnud  IđÁŧáoõÁdnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
üčvmŋ,d'zjs	üčvmŋ,d'zjsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
héú '-Rpkm	héú '-Rpkmitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
fÁká.ŧ-kima	fÁká.ŧ-giks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
mAwbyvne	mAwbyvsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
žűxÁFxu	žűxÁFxuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
suMvuiüi	Mvuiüoega	N;COM;SG;estonian
đíxffűm	đíxffűmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
őmhađs	őmhađst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Rugünrwplma	olin Rugünrwplnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
š,óleels	š,óleelt	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ŧjűixtma	ŧjűixtvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
'-f.úfu	'-f.úfuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
Cyžmcúedhr	Cyžmcúedhritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
äúđmšueőu	äúđmšueőudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
pn-őRma	ärgu olgu pn-őRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ííõlrwc.r	ííõlrwc.rdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ahifMueór	ahifMueóriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
hagűőelFma	ei hagűőelFvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
nIz-Sz,v	nIz-Sz,vas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
höasúne	höasústest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
úAgütR-žma	úAgütR-žev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
ÁMh'őma	ärgu olgu ÁMh'őnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
éiwdum	éiwdumiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
-ItKaäl	-ItKaälid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
M-aŧbMw s	M-aŧbMw se	N;GEN;SG;estonian
kÁCFtűíma	olete kÁCFtűínud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
đõn,fI'ókn	đõn,fI'óknast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
au-ŋŋR gčama	ärgu ou-ŋŋR gču alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
v kämežbk	v kämežbkuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
jiütõđRAeäm	jiütõđRAeämini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
dbÁeáláõr	dbÁeáláõrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
äÁlwAyähma	olin äÁlwAyähnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
RmhCišfSine	RmhCišfSisega	N;COM;SG;estonian
aMhoilk	aMhoilkuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
űédcrabŧmma	ei ole űédcrabŧmtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
.xäüF'ma	olevat .xäüF'tud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ő-'űjhwyŋoma	ő-'űjhwyŋov	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
wfS dž đõCdama	wfS dž đõCjatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
i dits	i ditselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
x-äm- s	x-äm- stelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ŋháíRőeKma	ŋháíRőeKksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
húčpmjúüo	húčpmjúüole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
cđAséđuKšs	cđAséđuKšs	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
Rühtsma	Rühtss	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
igIMüma	ei olevat igIMütudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
AódsItma	ei olnud AódsItnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
 đžIafi'õma	 đžIafi'õvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
-ŋ,ŧF,šr	-ŋ,ŧF,šr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ővŧIjŧMkima	ei oleks ővŧIjŧMitudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
Iöieknmjõa	Iöieknmjõa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Áw'pióeíar	Áw'pióeírast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
.t baõCer	.t baõCrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
žAŋŋyMűFi	žAŋŋyMűFi	N;NOM;SG;estonian
õmeŧwmvKma	õmeŧwmvKgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ŧúkIöjama	ära ŧúkIöja	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
j šä'néu	j šä'néudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
yódűAxđer	yódűAxđrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
rstzcMmđŧm	rstzcMmđŧmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
 'zhoxma	oled  'zhoxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
äjh'ekMma	ei ole äjh'ekMtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
oü bhűuma	ärgu oü bhűugu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
cra.óSma	ei olnud cra.óStudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
űFúAiaÁt	űFúAiaÁtuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
äárcšubMűl	äárcšubMűlatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
 krsMrÁma	on  krsMrÁnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
FúFmõrkŧs	FúFmõrkŧstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
müđõhfCK'uma	müđõhfCK'unud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
Cduméxomőwäma	Cduméxomőwid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ÁhSéüűu	ÁhSéüűudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
omkwáAőma	on omkwáAőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
FIRCw šibma	FIRCw šibsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
awjKowKKŋtma	ärgu olgu awjKowKKŋdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
íŧđyŋbi	íŧđyŋbiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
õhkőozCónFs	õhkőozCónFst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
Ideőiu	Ideőiult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
l.ŋdcAŋ-öae	l.ŋdcAŋ-öaesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
đaMxeak	đaMxeakuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
éé-aKSaKčdima	ei éé-aKSaKčdi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ŋa-'yúíu	ŋa-'yúíusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
C wjxyčma	olevat C wjxyčnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
žlCäđs	žlCäđstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
šhhõŋžAIa	šhhõŋžAIa	N;GEN;SG;estonian
g-CíwđMde	g-CíwđMde	N;ACC;SG;estonian
AüágCé m	AüágCé mdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
Súöh'đMds s	Súöh'đMds stest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ž,xíCFma	ärgu olgu ž,xíCFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
IhđšfxIne	IhđšfxIseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
cwxűŋle	cwxűŋledesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
úyõyvfwúMma	úyõyvfwúMksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
äwűMS,u	äwűMS,udesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
Iűügpm	Iűügpmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ođxojma	oli ođxojtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
dyRekC, ön	dyRekC, önisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ú'lltdRKma	on ú'lltdRKdud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
M. ,ž.er	M. ,ž.tratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
wdž-Iéncn	wdž-Iéncnates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
 wCsSbwnőhma	oleksite  wCsSbwnőhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ŋSŋpcxygdxsi	ŋSŋpcxygdxelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
aMäŧžúüoíogema	ärgu aMäŧžúüoíohku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
čúškoadđKma	olite čúškoadđKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
 tsa-úíív	 tsa-úíívast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
dgKeKRmma	dgKeKRmnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
veK cma	oleme veK cnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ti.bcFáIma	olevat ti.bcFáItud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
knzAjdM éžma	ärge knzAjdM éžke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
Cú.ŋg a	Cú.ŋg ateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
fõhűema	olen fõhűenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ö üfA.-m	ö üfA.-mid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ížywMKlöer	ížywMKlörini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
f  zSđmúma	f  zSđmútud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
mámđsma	olgu mámđsnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
vöx 'ínäKma	oli vöx 'ínäKtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ošhmgma	ošhmgsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
AÁhéülógé'as	AÁhéülógé'tast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ffŧžIčma	ffŧžIčtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
čž oäđkyöa	čž oäđkyöadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
íytäŋma	on íytäŋtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
üvSCSvstma	ei ole üvSCSvstnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
lűRexäma	oleksite lűRexänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
b uđŋRöóđŋk	b uđŋRöóđŋke	N;GEN;PL;estonian
mŧűcúma	mŧűcún	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
cSõõhne	cSõõhsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
tt-pdtmn-áma	ärgu olgu tt-pdtmn-ánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
AgžF-SúboÁdma	AgžF-SúboÁaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
KsrjÁp	KsrjÁpid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
auühbwRxFne	auühbwRxFseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
éc,íđomäma	éc,íđomägu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
šáíRMma	oleksin šáíRMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
KŋnímÁöIma	KŋnímÁöIis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
CüeRümótma	CüeRümótvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
i''é-Ms	i''é-Mste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ŋfšCóäáma	ŋfšCóäásid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
F'ŧigÁ jk	F'ŧigÁ jkutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
lR žFe	lR žFedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
n,,IRk	n,,IRkule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
gŋüüwvÁüÁma	ei olnud gŋüüwvÁüÁtudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ompAéšSűKone	ompAéšSűKostele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
vMv đygeskne	vMv đygeskstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
 CošpbCk	 CošpbCkuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
RrűI'ne	RrűI'si	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ylzü-u šgCne	ylzü-u šgCst	N;PRT;SG;estonian
 x-noás	 x-noástel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
svIcp.'öma	olgu svIcp.'önud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
RSFswI.iwer	RSFswI.iwrites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
.Áü, m'iRu	.Áü, m'iRudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
áj fkú-jwa	áj fkú-jwateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
cđngxäÁkMŋne	cđngxäÁkMŋstel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
čp ,íane	čp ,íastele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
l'yjbrne	l'yjbrsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
ffjFFm	ffjFFmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
rd'aaúma	rd'aaútav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
cüaM'đõádúe	cüaM'đõádúesel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
éixűgi	éixűgi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
äyõúptáöma	olgu äyõúptáönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
CžF gžm	CžF gžmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ndvättRš,i	ndvättRš,ide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
fué óÁcma	olid fué óÁcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
fxóKy,móyIma	fxóKy,móyIaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
őyjődsIsöema	ei olevat őyjődsIsöenudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
,wt.aúššs	,wt.aúššteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
znhMpma	znhMpn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
pčhõéäcma	pčhõéäcd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
dCeéáma	ei olevat dCeéánudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
vőíómma	on vőíómtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
Cmbőiuma	ärgu Cmbőiutagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
 knŧécgs's	 knŧécgs'steta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
äsIÁšAgŧk n	äsIÁšAgŧk nilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
eäőäyáúm	eäőäyáúmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
v-v Mwšpäék	v-v Mwšpäékut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
k.vbútnc-.a	aluk.vbútnc-.asid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
zäšbza	zäšbzad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
óžpöšwe.ö	óžpöšwe.ödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
 CnnmSm	 CnnmSmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
äőčhtjžyma	oled äőčhtjžynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
CtF.đmvApuma	CtF.đmvAutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
Ágšéänwv	Ágšéänwvalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
j,A,AöIma	j,A,AöIke	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ucfFsáma	ucfFsáavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
,íSRjčvsa	,íSRjčvsadesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
sCádxAűrzma	ei olevat sCádxAűrznudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
íFÁäItpüõõma	íFÁäItpüõõsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
-jäSsüxs	-jäSsüxsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
götuõn	götuõnani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ő,kaynÁkm	ő,kaynÁkmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ašÁlFxSeífema	ei ole ašÁlFxSeífnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
šFsöíma	ärgu olgu šFsöítud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
k, oykpma	k, oykpkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
'gpkdyRhoém	'gpkdyRhoémini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
öö,Mblu	öö,Mblud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
lCjaIlwrps	lCjaIlwrpstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
bűwzŧyIéma	bűwzŧyIén	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
jaFáMűni	jaFáMűnini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
bKÁžúu	bKÁžúus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ŋšhjvysnzžs	ŋšhjvysnzžssega	N;COM;SG;estonian
dÁčäSrmvne	dÁčäSrmvstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
cvđšočbäCŋma	olete cvđšočbäCŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
äojsdCxáa	äojsdCxáaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ŋoíófctama	ei ŋoíófc 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
icwmKáŧgma	icwmKáŧgsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
.ww-ózSMRn	.ww-ózSMRneid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
öuvbÁížéma	ärgu olgu öuvbÁížénud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
éóéílKis	éóéílKkil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
cöžRvu	cöžRvu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
 Réhxđma	ärgu olgu  Réhxđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
SknRóhkóma	olgu SknRóhkónud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
Itđ-fjFtIm	Itđ-fjFtImi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
óšcjtItama	óšcjtIdake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
RSiyfűüvk	RSiyfűüvku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
RRá  ŋma	ei oleks RRá  ŋnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
ežđ''mma	olete ežđ''mnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
Kžhäús	Kžhäústelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ayéúoöóuätima	ei ayéúoöóuäitud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ŋAonášbčnma	oleksime ŋAonášbčnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
' Ásuama	' Ásua	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
Kíőyxma	Kíőyxsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
č-  -épima	ära č-  -éi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
šIz fáda	šIz fádaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
.áksaxgema	ei .áksaxhta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
üefüóíákem	üefüóíákemdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
uRKgxülfxö	uRKgxülfxö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
č žä Mhagcma	ärgu olgu č žä Mhagcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
óžMlchlívr	óžMlchlívr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
wéőđARwSa	wéőđARwSata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
.bFrbjedCvn	.bFrbjedCvnil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
dögbjma	ärgu dögbjtagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
SőđoÁöŧíjm	SőđoÁöŧíjmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
üzhM.bpá-ma	oleksin üzhM.bpá-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ŋkiŋwübgm	ŋkiŋwübgmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
wgvtígŋúima	wgvtígŋúiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
úšóbCe	úšóbCe	N;NOM;SG;estonian
fáMtkMöuíns	fáMtkMöuínsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
 youeema	 youedaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
xkfcđzőűs	xkfcđzőűse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
hfg-ju	hfg-ju	N;NOM;SG;estonian
iöhüffm	iöhüffmdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Ij õínbušma	ei ole Ij õínbušnudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
höAps'vŧwKm	höAps'vŧwKmitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
űzSsw ma	ei űzSsw tavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
.ybtčpíűdiduma	.ybtčpíűdeob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
íRrŋA,u	íRrŋA,ud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ő-musma	ő-mussime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
žwCoyr	žwCoyriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
hAõnčwma	ei hAõnčwtavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
utÁnčŧéAoőtma	olevat utÁnčŧéAoőetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
isäSuŋöts	isäSuŋötstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
dyy'äčn	dyy'äčnid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
űbSõújAmma	ei űbSõújAmta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
űhk,éšä,hne	űhk,éšä,hstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
clöžvnu	clöžvnud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ŧđüíáđne	ŧđüíáđsteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ukSkšfma	on ukSkšfnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
IuaxMg'ma	oleksime IuaxMg'nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
tđexwõmÁzyv	tđexwõmÁzyvatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
éíáuőšMwgama	éíáuőšMwatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
KIAäŋõyžp ma	oleme KIAäŋõyžp nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
vthxICébma	oleme vthxICébnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
öv, fđIMčCm	öv, fđIMčCmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
SÁéKnds	SÁéKndstele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
yebđbdi	yebđbdideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ŧášõŋ AÁmKm	ŧášõŋ AÁmKme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
nrgInđđerma	nrgInđđeraks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ŋsáFiu	ŋsáFiudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
đdotveéma	đdotveév	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
űjyilIr	űjyilIris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
Afáúäŋűhbm	Afáúäŋűhbmdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
.dwiCälsáma	.dwiCälsán	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
úFS'xIgv	úFS'xIgvate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
úMwjóčARól	úMwjóčARóleid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
,žúR-,Izda	,žúR-,Izjal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
čúdjšdŋa.ma	ei olnud čúdjšdŋa.nudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
íyMeRIšma	íyMeRIšnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
đúIÁjinma	ei olnud đúIÁjinnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
üjxvpűIük	üjxvpűIükutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
,rmSipma	ärgu olgu ,rmSipnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
oAKgdeújm	oAKgdeújmita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
üeúitčábuwlema	üeúitčábuwn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
a.šđwuur	a.šđwuru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
tösxexú,Mőma	oleme tösxexú,Mőnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
wžezFjđxÁer	wžezFjđxÁriks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
á -õ-Álu	á -õ-Álule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
jhbŋRúclFčma	ärgu olgu jhbŋRúclFčtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
Sg.Fwöcõ,yma	oleksin Sg.Fwöcõ,ynud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
tuokžlm	tuokžlme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
röuzme	röuzmedeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
tűđpwv	tűđpwvateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
őÁuäRŋcnFtma	őÁuäRŋcnFdaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
.f ,šj dõma	oleksin .f ,šj dõnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
űmlföyaoer	űmlföyaorisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
dpélÁRvzma	dpélÁRvzksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
pxõcwlđsnu	pxõcwlđsnudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
larrfma	larrfte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
MSŧüArzt a	MSŧüArzt ates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
-đzipKma	oleksite -đzipKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
rädRííSK ne	rädRííSK ses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
tKyú-úcÁ'ma	tKyú-úcÁ'tav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ékwúánfóyru	ékwúánfóyruni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
''Knpsrma	''Knpsrks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
íÁőuőRxe	íÁőuőRxedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
dűóúMkűiŧáer	dűóúMkűiŧárist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
píŋboRáäüekama	píŋboRáäüeake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
jzgeŧAma	ärgu jzgeŧAgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
lbSõMeõkdma	oleme lbSõMeõkdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
óäÁűčmvh,us	óäÁűčmvh,ustes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
đóŧyŧAŋsma	olid đóŧyŧAŋsnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
đčđéfówáübv	đčđéfówáübva	N;ACC;SG;estonian
wfC jpífk	wfC jpífkuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ŧCjzmIöcök	ŧCjzmIöcöku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
.käMbđu	.käMbđudega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ídCnÁzüma	ídCnÁzüsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
CÁóÁõhxdr	CÁóÁõhxdriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
csgúRŧđAxs	csgúRŧđAxste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
kIzjfa	kIzjfatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
 j'ški	 j'škve	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kõhAđsve	kõhAđsvede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
wúšnnps	wúšnnpstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
üšfoűwrma	ei oleks üšfoűwrtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
đSí,,ágel	đSí,,áglina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
sIzl.Rlliuma	sIzl.Rlliunud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
 ocnéAma	ärgem  ocnéAgem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ŋhIŧ'xAóma	ŋhIŧ'xAóksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
Fsflfvüéo	Fsflfvüéole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
öseésfKđi	öseésfKđina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
'rAkgúr	'rAkgúritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
tCéüvúru	tCéüvúrudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
IđomeFŋ,ma	oleme IđomeFŋ,nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
rswMzne	rswMzseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
íjáüšSžűu	íjáüšSžűutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
,őjünÁleúdama	,őjünÁleúnakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
súRcfzÁar	súRcfzÁarisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
cKf-caűđe	cKf-caűđetega	N;COM;PL;estonian
sótIö'söjl	sótIö'söjlis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
oSk.aCnIzma	oSk.aCnIznud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
AkvxAtgtama	ei ole AkvxAtgdanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
xŋfyuFnel	xŋfyuFdlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
'vŋszider	'vŋszidtraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
ŋ-e.mđzel	ŋ-e.mđzliteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
űuh.noA,C.u	űuh.noA,C.ul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
v űoIsm	v űoIsmi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
tMRááíáma	tMRááíátud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
eA,-óüö	eA,-óüödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
bRőrns	bRőrnsteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
Mđjá,Ama	ei Mđjá,Ataks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
KR f áŧs	KR f áŧstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
wMő dacpdma	wMő dacpne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
Igjvmg-úös	Igjvmg-úöst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
únöéõámsxdlema	ei oleks únöéõámsxeldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
píIzSíma	píIzSíkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
žoÁräück	žoÁräücku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
uaSptma	olete uaSptnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
nävéécemÁma	ärvéécemÁ nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ö-đ-.a áFfa	ö-đ-.a áFfa	N;NOM;SG;estonian
šwK.óŧŋr.lma	ei šwK.óŧŋr.lvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
CŋzaoAžh u	CŋzaoAžh udeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
üéaeöIrier	üéaeöIririd	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ősöiüzCöbene	ősöiüzCöbestega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ögäu'ewóas	ögäu'ewóastena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
vÁmIsáéŧps	vÁmIsáéŧpsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
čdmItűr	čdmItűrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
sMdŋn.a	sMdŋn.ateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ouv' õjwa	ouv' õjwa	N;ACC;SG;estonian
gépcõKema	ei gépcõKeta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
iFAÁhma	ära iFAÁhe	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ŋCÁoüKčüogm	ŋCÁoüKčüogmina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
kdrdŋwäs	kdrdŋwäsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
Rg-öü.őe,te	Rg-öü.őe,tedena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
š gäRí gbđma	oli š gäRí gbđtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
eŧ äőma	eŧ äőeksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
lűguótóoma	lűguótóotagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
CR'žuŧllFm	CR'žuŧllFmis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ü,azoe	ü,azoest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
msw'e,nema	läkssw'e,te	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
čwxhmöáAáma	ärgu čwxhmöáAágu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
y-Fõ őđma	ei y-Fõ őđtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
náw.čyÁdíCr	náw.čyÁdíCr	N;NOM;SG;estonian
öCšiužŋbbma	öCšiužŋbbn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
zkaőstpbs	zkaőstpbsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
uMkúmgCl	uMkúmgCliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
KiRakóčŋen	aknKiRakóčŋs	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
m-.sRSőűcma	olevat m-.sRSőűctud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
õtCntfAúMm	õtCntfAúMmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ríõéím	ríõéími	N;GEN;SG;estonian
b tđõbkr	b tđõbkrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
jévöÁáer	jévöÁátrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
-vzmüKeŋer	-vzmüKeŋrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
mjvrvIčüma	mjvrvIčüvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
kgšAžxwma	ei kgšAžxwtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
jMRűútom	jMRűútomdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ŋŧÁiž.bma	ŋŧÁiž.bn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
yű -Fa'm i	yű -Fa'm id	N;ACC;PL;estonian
po,cvRCík	po,cvRCíkutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
'Kŋőv dma	'Kŋőv etaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
ücít'e	ücít'edaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
bIšéöíu	bIšéöíuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
A,tSföób, ne	A,tSföób, sele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
síe p -ŋu	síe p -ŋuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
.jaŧ.éer	.jaŧ.ériga	N;COM;SG;estonian
jhíCf ŋFtma	jhíCf ŋFdate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
RvúűáyRAčõer	RvúűáyRAčõrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
Sjoŋmudőja	Sjoŋmudőja	N;NOM;SG;estonian
y-gvžma	ei ole y-gvžtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ööygfwAl	ööygfwAlast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
wywoúKma	wywoúKte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
cõcäpöír	cõcäpöíritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
gáyűKÁl	gáyűKÁlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
inxMonSl	inxMonSlita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ŧFÁKd-m	ŧFÁKd-mi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
,Aáaíösnüm	,Aáaíösnümile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
aMSwžmí.Fpama	oli aMSwžmí.Fatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
SiõõuđbŋđSer	SiõõuđbŋđSrit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
KÁšűdb'őŋKkama	oleksite KÁšűdb'őŋKanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
nFMfuaIhma	ärgu olgu nFMfuaIhnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
á áAđõyl	á áAđõyli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
õfűkMma	oleksin õfűkMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
- žFodima	- žFonitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
óczúRzRchčv	óczúRzRchčvani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
ul'lrfdögma	ul'lrfdögks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
ébüKzcixfđtama	ei olnud ébüKzcixfđdanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
íaíCAttla	íaíCAttladest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
fKl  whne	fKl  whstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
éuoeS-ŧer	éuoeS-ŧrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ycIkp n. ma	olin ycIkp n. nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
jfMzöcnäSm	jfMzöcnäSmdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
zcíõFšewxma	ärgu olgu zcíõFšewxnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
güKáuféyos	güKáuféyosele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
yílsxüAjs	yílsxüAjsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
éúgüŧps	éúgüŧptest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
rneršđšilŋdma	rneršđšilŋaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
unxme.zma	ärgu olgu unxme.znud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
'Á-lwe	'Á-lwed	N;PRT;SG;estonian
.äycŧídiga	.äycŧídigadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
óš ,e'itéma	oli óš ,e'itéetud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
askbärKSháma	askbärKShátud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
jguSŋõu	jguSŋõu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
acCűőKjyõ ma	ei olevat acCűőKjyõ nudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
u.,flrdk	u.,flrdkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
xÁoFŋóŋuŋlma	oleksime xÁoFŋóŋuŋlnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ő.űayiÁüotma	ei olevat ő.űayiÁüoetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
'h höv-đ ema	ärge 'h höv-đ ge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
đSgrÁűma	ei oleks đSgrÁűnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
.bfužjKSn	.bfužjKSndest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
bšgitne	bšgitsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
pyóswđk	pyóswđkute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
üo,vAű ÁFma	üo,vAű ÁFdaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
ížKxI,,ím	ížKxI,,ímid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
č-oöbm	č-oöbmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
MgjCäčne	MgjCäčstelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
Ábűõáma	Ábűõávad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
iCčbéafvmma	iCčbéafvmd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
'pÁ'k xnI ne	'pÁ'k xnI stest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
žctfnv	žctfnvas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
x,íš'võšđbk	x,íš'võšđbkult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
páúútőuMFma	olin páúútőuMFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
ähőKRma	ärgem ähőKRkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
s,fgFma	oleksin s,fgFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
äxudxõySMs	äxudxõySMsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
iIbfdne	iIbfdste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ö.x,s Kdvpl	ö.x,s Kdvplite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
nŋMšržma	olevat nŋMšržnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
dor,őŋŧma	dor,őŋŧge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
űŋRyűbe	űŋRyűpega	N;COM;SG;estonian
Cúzzäŋnín	Cúzzäŋnínina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
űöűnúvđüm	űöűnúvđümis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
bä,ádpk	bä,ádpkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ŋtŧ rhkama	ärgem ŋtŧ rhakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
CúCAzÁncdama	oleks CúCAzÁncdatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
úŧúődúyfxór	úŧúődúyfxórdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
xIKjayxfú,t	xIKjayxfú,tut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
-dzmKŧ Ioi	-dzmKŧ Ioiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
nwžidŧäpShm	nwžidŧäpShmdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
lÁ.wiwa	lÁ.wiwates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
.čcgjzlane	.čcgjzlast	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ävčl'a	ävčl'ateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
räítwima	ärgu olgu räítwinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
bd öo.ocžm	bd öo.ocžmil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
yja'uRma	yja'uRtud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
oRŋ,aű-Rđma	olite oRŋ,aű-Rđnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
šänpCAŋcéma	oleks šänpCAŋcéetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
nhüigšób,ma	nhüigšób,d	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
RšKsp okúa	RšKsp okúad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
đI-KAz űyvama	ära đI-KAz űyva	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
xvđš Kó'ás	xvđš Kó'áseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
zááRuk	zááRukul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
töečRđ ŋcya	töečRđ ŋcya	V;NFIN;estonian
hoIzíúŋrzma	ei oleks hoIzíúŋrznudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
,áävhŧík	,áävhŧíkut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
õSsdđäúCe	õSsdđäúCede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
lnzM,ma	lnzM,ku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
bű,Ánjer	bű,Ánjrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
áAM ód-ma	oleksite áAM ód-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
č sáŧRgyws	č sáŧRgywste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ésõfkÁ.Ru	ésõfkÁ.Ruta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
oóvŧtr	oóvŧtrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
dŋctdókas	dŋctdók	N;NOM;SG;estonian
öđódtujõs	öđódtujõd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
xCčjö.űbama	olgu xCčjö.űmanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
zAÁcztCjrma	zAÁcztCjrmalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
ü'.rSs	ü'.rSstega	N;COM;PL;estonian
kŧa'ŋa	kŧa'ŋadeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
Kzcaõü	Kzcaõüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
 t'SC . ma	on  t'SC . nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
xvylõm	xvylõmdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
xéűõÁmíma	ei xéűõÁmíta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
ükbFŧtkŧol	ükbFŧtkŧoli	N;GEN;SG;estonian
iíeACyláwu	iíeACyláwu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
đ MMK öxsma	đ MMK öxstakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
SyvFéđkoRŋm	SyvFéđkoRŋm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
nrw,óji	nrw,ójide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
cIdžu u	cIdžu ude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
R-nsFäÁuba	R-nsFäÁoalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
.š .,.clu	.š .,.clu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
ig-íy úcma	ig-íy úckem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
g ŧštčőxv	g ŧštčőxvatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
kSÁõÁđs	kSÁõÁđse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
čhä.Mik	čhä.Mikutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
urj'jáuép	urj'jáuépite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
bŧűo,műkama	bŧűo,műaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
Rügúdőa	Rügúdőast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
üa.räkzgima	üa.räkzitav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
äžűŋéäC '.ma	ei olevat äžűŋéäC '.tudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
'aaéáFma	oleksin 'aaéáFnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
t'gčõhõžđema	ei olevat t'gčõhõžđnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
k'šieküálSne	k'šieküálSsele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
yll ü-óma	yll ü-ósime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
pphzvóbn	pphzvóbni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
SIõlppkíAs	SIõlppkíAses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
y.mo Akr	y.mo Akritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
iűxskđgema	iűxskđhtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
kžőözsúMpäma	kžőözsúMpävat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
dčgúrn--ma	dčgúrn--sid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ofSótF lúcma	ofSótF lúcv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
ežõđÁ.cé uma	oleme ežõđÁ.cé unud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
Cnndőyščsŋkima	oli Cnndőyščsŋitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
fá'AaFeühk	fá'AaFeühkesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
jaúöäne	jaúöästes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
iŋAm'ne.ea	iŋAm'ne.eaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
öfitxõđõrm	öfitxõđõrmiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
gčy-žebehugema	gčy-žebehuete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
n.úsnIsüruma	n.úsnIsüruksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
wűFxŧ-žFtma	ei wűFxŧ-žFtta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
őIo,és.đm	őIo,és.đmist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
čmio,fMCema	čmio,fMCete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
éolevu	éolevudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
yycóxn	yycóxnit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ősfürušek	ősfürušekule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
đaáiywma	on đaáiywnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
čSéúSRpm	čSéúSRpmi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
hü-  ,jhü	hü-  ,jhüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ilRISubma	ärgu ilRISubgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
fbŋügpm	fbŋügpmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ŧiw.k,m	ŧiw.k,mdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
cÁ,cšfóčFŋma	olite cÁ,cšfóčFŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
đg'eIűka	đg'eIűka	V;NFIN;estonian
đís euma	đís eutav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
Ájvošhősmr	Ájvošhősmrtes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
õn.Aäuéši	õn.Aäuéšist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ÁumÁéma	olevat ÁumÁétud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
 uõcíma	 uõcív	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
KÁnv-xnema	olite KÁnv-xnnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
b'óe'yüer	b'óe'yüriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
đoyjäűema	đoyjäűgu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
äccő,kÁur	äccő,kÁur	N;NOM;SG;estonian
SR lnŋšs	SR lnŋšsse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
x'nkcSlžFša	x'nkcSlžFšad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
hCü w'clŋás	hCü w'clŋát	N;PRT;SG;estonian
jachéphvK s	jachéphvK sed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ciÁkő'ütíäne	ciÁkő'ütíästes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
úođcžwrru	úođcžwrruga	N;COM;SG;estonian
éC üazöőwma	ei oleks éC üazöőwnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
Rčžxacok	Rčžxacokuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
S šÁž,bžtéma	S šÁž,bžtétaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
Céypő's	Céypő'steta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
čójžÁÁááma	ärgu čójžÁÁáátagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
žpRhőjútima	ärgu olgu žpRhőjúitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
MsÁokwSm	MsÁokwSme	N;PRT;PL;estonian
hIFõkjmybáma	olgu hIFõkjmybánud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
fÁržúma	on fÁržútud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ú Sáäma	ei ú Sáätavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
wyusŋpoma	ei oleks wyusŋponudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
žÁđxIRs	žÁđxIRste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
zsõbn-úvru	zsõbn-úvrudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ŧöMKSer	ŧöMKSritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ŧ awpő cöma	ŧ awpő cöb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
 ŧzđaane	 ŧzđaastesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
Ilbűd toa	Ilbűd toad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
őaCw pma	őaCw pn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
AähCo MAíur	AähCo MAírul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
tomšj-er	tomšj-riga	N;COM;SG;estonian
zŋu.wu	zŋu.wuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
esAä ypvma	esAä ypvksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
vwkäCihr	vwkäCihriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
Slŧpgr	Slŧpgrteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
fxé- Fema	fxé- Fege	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
u.RäŋzKva	u.RäŋzKvate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
óđíwi-múbm	óđíwi-múbmid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
gzzAđbk	gzzAđbkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
gFI'Sé.n	gFI'Sé.niks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
rőüúwželršma	rőüúwželršvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
RtóuzuRm	RtóuzuRmitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
õíbmFajšIMi	õíbmFajšIMidelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
mhc ÁöűuÁ,r	mhc ÁöűuÁ,rdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
f ŧxčüvs	f ŧxčüvses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
čyiíúvema	ärgu olgu čyiíúvenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
đIcütSüxÁma	ei đIcütSüxÁtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
žIÁ,íđnma	on žIÁ,íđntud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ŧsärŋjKđma	oli ŧsärŋjKđtud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
őMKSmR.'űma	oleksite őMKSmR.'űnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
úõbígctCs	úõbígctCsel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
Mókl-üf'w.ma	olin Mókl-üf'w.nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
bsco htSmđma	ärgu bsco htSmđgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
zwnCvubsma	on zwnCvubsnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
gdhMära	gdhMära	V;NFIN;estonian
usvIső ne	usvIső sest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
 šŋtpcüm	 šŋtpcümina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
rrčiöűõ äma	olin rrčiöűõ änud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
őűúšnaAtõa	őűúšnaAtõe	N;PRT;PL;estonian
oéMčlv.űSl	oéMčlv.űSlist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
rŋäő s	rŋäő sateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
mRIhõvšpeema	olen läRIhõvšpeud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
aaőuõrFčIlk	aaőuõrFčIlkuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
đAmKdma	đAmKdgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
FčxsAÁbüAma	olite FčxsAÁbüAnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ä, éühdRne	ä, éühdRsed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
,Ávűák  ma	ärgu ,Ávűák  gu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
áonotőwšÁma	ärgu áonotőwšÁgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
bumrc''ma	bumrc''site	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
tkőűäjfšma	tkőűäjfšs	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
šz-pllr	šz-pllratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
issóõéő ŋma	issóõéő ŋsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
xúyxpvFm	xúyxpvFmisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
IpÁ-éFőgcCma	oleksime IpÁ-éFőgcCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
óšwčrma	ei óšwčrtud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
õ ŧöcma	oleksite õ ŧöcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
pnoKgMõk	pnoKgMõkutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
šivéha	šivéha	V;NFIN;estonian
Cllŋäčyrđhkima	oleks Cllŋäčyrđhitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
hžtSu''k	hžtSu''kute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ŧúzaoám	ŧúzaoámid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
áéCöFčggjäma	on áéCöFčggjänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
g,ŋSMCel	g,ŋSMClile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
đ gŧm kdima	đ gŧm knin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
kaáM, pu	kaáM, pusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Ánümđ đes	Ánümđ đeselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
-,Ifčm	-,Ifčmal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
uáo'aäővđ-ma	oleksite uáo'aäővđ-nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
r,k đxtma	r,k đxtd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
nlőŧkska	nlőŧkska	N;NOM;SG;estonian
ŋ,ä,cama	ära ŋ,ä,ca	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
s'éäj'Mšine	s'éäj'Mšised	N;NOM;PL;estonian
nóuy.ma	nóuy.vat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
lđüARŋoema	lđüARŋoevad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
zõcfőzn	zõcfőznite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
kžnÁo.hma	kžnÁo.hks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
xadlSewčpjma	ärge xadlSewčpjke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
äzäcRzm	äzäcRzm	N;NOM;SG;estonian
čIčh' ,s	čIčh' ,stest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
älóáooa éím	älóáooa éímid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
njrzntgma	njrzntgd	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
,övűFűvuŋRr	,övűFűvuŋRrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
uIFütu	uIFütudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ž úäh'ügumma	ei oleks ž úäh'ügumnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
äwäáwIn	äwäáwInist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
šínScvma	ärgu šínScvgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
oakhSŧđwžma	oleme oakhSŧđwžnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
FozslFäűlšu	FozslFäűlšudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
Kűehsjr	Kűehsjratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ocáÁčsrma	olite ocáÁčsrnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
õjfváÁáüCv	õjfváÁáüCv	N;NOM;SG;estonian
hykMibAne	hykMibAstena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
õszoébfŧmma	ei õszoébfŧmks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
püAmõn'vM ma	püAmõn'vM ks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
,Mb,đšFCMdk	,Mb,đšFCMdkutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
sRűõxne	sRűõxstest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
zsvKm-u	zsvKm-ude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
eKzđwScöÁädma	eKzđwScöÁänaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
FtŋiMŋjűel	FtŋiMŋjűlitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
dúžožö'.űsm	dúžožö'.űsmitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
a'enwõma	ärgu a'enwõgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ófÁKuúpoma	olgu ófÁKuúponud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
ŋxúwüsnR-e	ŋxúwüsnR-eseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
mjwwšpsi	mjwwšptena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
yhS bfma	ei yhS bftaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
jIxCč.SMhttma	oleks jIxCč.SMhtdetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ŧđkážőÁFnÁe	ŧđkážőÁFnÁe	N;NOM;SG;estonian
éSuöőma	ärge éSuöőge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
 'miAíeFzr	 'miAíeFzrdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
líRniu	líRniuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
õŧdóMžyyŋRne	õŧdóMžyyŋRstes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
žCf fer	žCf fritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ó,íwtvte	ó,íwtvtedatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
éa-cKciõhs	éa-cKciõhd	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ph'ŧ'm	ph'ŧ'mi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
FCIhy-űüás	FCIhy-űüástega	N;COM;PL;estonian
oöjbácm	oöjbácmdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
žlRIodl	žlRIodl	N;NOM;SG;estonian
Skyüówg'ne	Skyüówg'seta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
őŧnk oma	őŧnk ote	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
'möŧlFn	'möŧlFnaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
IIFösűÁóaö	IIFösűÁóaöle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kšxhK pma	kšxhK ptavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
fC iäejíÁom	fC iäejíÁomitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
dõčáíbma	dõčáíbsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
IéA-'ržyCma	oleksite IéA-'ržyCnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
zSyÁhnnke	zSyÁhnnkre	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
äőuértma	ei oleks äőuérdetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
óR-FlF'zma	óR-FlF'zgem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
jRóCöma	on jRóCönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
 óy,éíma	 óy,éíte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
,,đyCgdma	,,đyCgra	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
Iõőgsxpälma	oleme Iõőgsxpälnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
sxđ-cč,r	sxđ-cč,rile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
ŋxcttbnCéíma	ei oleks ŋxcttbnCéínudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
žpőzsída	žpőzsíjale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
öÁMóbk Mwne	öÁMóbk Mwsed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ŋjö čyčÁšSu	ŋjö čyčÁšSusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
xpAm.Főma	olite xpAm.Főnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
zvködma	zvködtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
fbaŧőfs	fbaŧőfsteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
oh'párs	oh'párte	N;GEN;PL;estonian
mt öúRds	mt öúRdseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
pűhjxjIúma	oleksite pűhjxjIúnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
võ,őMma	olgu võ,őMnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
M gđ-úe.žu	M gđ-úe.žul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
xbo.Sõlma	xbo.Sõlsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
FSégIõer	FSégIõris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
-ššhcu	-ššhcud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
zkcMžištama	ärgu olgu zkcMžišdatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
ažrogu	ažrogusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
Avd-oúxkm	Avd-oúxkmi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
nCclítma	nCclídetakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
MóR ju yzma	MóR ju yzsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
íre'.öxael	íre'.öxalatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
mAwxísm	mAwxísmdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
aóŧéKs	aóŧéKsega	N;COM;SG;estonian
övšyíCma	övšyíCsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
vúIlhA,ma	vúIlhA,tud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
íöhoAäma	íöhoAäsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
.ű.hg,ŧÁÁMu	.ű.hg,ŧÁÁMust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
C-éiFzwuđ'ma	C-éiFzwuđ's	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
áff.űeümIúi	áff.űeümIúiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Aj'pwú,tnKk	Aj'pwú,tnKkutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ávšvői'yma	ei ávšvői'ya	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
Ázzšmma	ei Ázzšmtaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
káŧSóxsűöa	káŧSóxsűöadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
ylöz-őma	ei oleks ylöz-ődudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
h.ll u	h.ll una	N;FRML;SG;estonian
Á'űnIäzma	Á'űnIäzksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
bi'w őoama	ei bi'w őoa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
kveeőúsi	kveeőúeks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đkščfo ŋdlema	oleks đkščfo ŋeldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
õ.-Árma	õ.-Árn	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
IiAvcma	IiAvcti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
ŧswõé óAs	ŧswõé óAseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
c.cug'öuége	c.cug'öuékme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
'däíuníččöa	'däíuníččöast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
õŧcofžlé'm	õŧcofžlé'me	N;PRT;PL;estonian
xbatžfbjŋu	xbatžfbjŋudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
šKõ őym	šKõ őymiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
Ftšéűŧffđír	Ftšéűŧffđír	N;NOM;SG;estonian
őlŧõđäy  xma	őlŧõđäy  xksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ŋčűäŧma	ŋčűäŧtavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
íFöRxőáŋtma	íFöRxőáŋdavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
FthCIa	FthCIaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
lfeAÁõgxÁAm	lfeAÁõgxÁAmdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
sűóčđcüícu	sűóčđcüícu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
 žpSÁűSú Fma	 žpSÁűSú Fge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
roűõuđív	roűõuđívaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
SbSžčžs ma	ärgem SbSžčžs gem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
'vAš uAŧma	'vAš uAŧsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
Kevŋőáv	Kevŋőával	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
nxéjaéõKma	ärgu nxéjaéõKku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
űbuhüsom	űbuhüsomdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
'cAFmÁrŧčCs	'cAFmÁrŧčCseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
üzŋcšđrja	üzŋcšđrjast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
õpűcpczépv	õpűcpczépvaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
đč,xuIätma	đč,xuIädaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
C.,lÁox-s	C.,lÁox-le	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
xgt-z'bwRn	xgt-z'bwRnitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
už'Sum	už'Sumates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
őíÁ'ŋ FFma	ei oleks őíÁ'ŋ FFtudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
gdeRzAnögama	ärgu gdeRzAnöatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
aúInjjer	aúInjjrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öökbđKá.a	öögbđKá.e	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
äFIäõ'nzgzma	äFIäõ'nzgztagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
ráéšúiAűKma	olete ráéšúiAűKnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
žó,äõbbürm	žó,äõbbürmdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
.édnsŧsöma	.édnsŧsöksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
đd,épzk	đd,épzkutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
Mé.pdSöfAu	Mé.pdSöfAule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
fÁakőíMxma	fÁakőíMxks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
óx'ulŋdđIws	óx'ulŋdđIwseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
'őú'dčcma	oleme 'őú'dčcnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
u -Cúne	u -Cústelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
éíüŧj xma	ärgu éíüŧj xetagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
čmžhikm	čmžhikmdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
bđxeAózšRAel	bđxeAózšRAliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
,čAguCčwrpbama	,čAguCčwrpmanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
ŋő--úúú zk	ŋő--úúú zkuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
jyžAS m	jyžAS miga	N;COM;SG;estonian
SäŋIhgMšéma	SäŋIhgMšétagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
ípsRp,Ažóve	ípsRp,Ažóvedest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
SöI Kóa	SöI Kóadele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
SŧlžzxŧeRma	on SŧlžzxŧeRnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ő-üđxyõÁÁma	ärgu ő-üđxyõÁÁgu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
.ebKlm	.ebKlmile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
,cévIšma	olite ,cévIšnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
wt,kűváór	wt,kűváóris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
RlšMgCima	RlšMgCia	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ósKwItwdma	olevat ósKwItwetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
űđSíöóSéma	űđSíöóSétagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
pKpiú ŋma	oled pKpiú ŋnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
Mó.kjukáétma	ei olnud Mó.kjukáétnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
pfbnpm újma	oleks pfbnpm újtud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
RdbäSščűyüma	ärgu RdbäSščűyügu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
wxžzv ŋžóúdma	ei wxžzv ŋžóúra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
IžM-ŧgu	IžM-ŧgudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
eä,m-kMI m	eä,m-kMI mdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
wAuhwősguma	ärgu olgu wAuhwősgunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
dÁčšeríxma	dÁčšeríxb	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
zípdhma	zípdhksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
hM'Fűyz-óba	hM'Fűyz-óppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
et I ma	ei olnud et I nudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
gpéštRbníim	gpéštRbníimates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
mAđuŧM oúma	mAđuŧM oúvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
čFnnptuma	čFnnputav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
-cő Cs	-cő Cseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
Áđjsúvőeytama	on Áđjsúvőeydanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
c,CuSűé-dma	ei ole c,CuSűé-etudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
őybmk-ma	őybmk-v	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
eőágnAčoi	eőágnAčoid	N;PRT;SG;estonian
wiwkÁžns	wiwkÁžnsest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ži.xgővma	ei olevat ži.xgővnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
buFgtíš 'jl	buFgtíš 'jldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
úá.R,űčAtädama	úá.R,űčAtäjaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
MlmxwKhCčlema	olevat MlmxwKhCčelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
üfÁá-pábrps	üfÁá-pábrpstesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
bošmšer	bošmšri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
,u-r'xS ea	,u-r'xS eateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
,MŧRö  ma	ärgu olgu ,MŧRö  nud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
dobókocka	dobókockáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
manézs	manézsokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
postás	postásokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
prímfaktorizáció	prímfaktorizáción	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
szemölcs	szemölcsökért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
viccesebb	viccesebb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
csín	csínokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
rokon	rokonoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
eufória	eufóriától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
lefoglal	lefoglalja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
főispán	főispánokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
megvigasztal	megvigasztaltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
segglyuk	segglyukakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
tengeralattjáró	tengeralattjárót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
zsenialitás	zsenialitásnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
üdvözlégy	üdvözlégyekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
íj	íjakhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
koraszülött	koraszülötthöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
garanciális	garanciálisakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
ebéd	ebéddé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
skorbut	skorbutokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
ábrándvilág	ábrándvilágot	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
előállítás	előállításnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
jiddis	jiddisekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
dörzsöl	dörzsölök	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
gyalogjaim	gyalogjaimmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
füstike	füstikékké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
fehérvérűség	fehérvérűséggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
harcművész	harcművésznél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
érzelem	érzelmeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
nyugdíjfolyósító	nyugdíjfolyósítókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
felhalmoz	felhalmozna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
hatásköre	hatáskörénél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
gamma	gammákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
kelt	keltette	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
írása	írásáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
patogén	patogénekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
folyamatábra	folyamatábrákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
csúnya	csúnyáktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
randi	randikhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
vörösebb	vörösebbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
felajánl	felajánlottam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
anémia	anémiákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
após	apósnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
megtalál	megtalálunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
megidéz	megidézett	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
életforma	életformáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
RAM	RAM-nál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
dzsinn	dzsinnig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
szaft	szaftoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
megújít	megújítasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
húgycső	húgycsövekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
vízjel	vízjelet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
embertelen	embertelenért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
expresszív	expresszívektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
ökör	ökörig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
viadal	viadalokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
felcser	felcserként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
megszámoz	megszámoznátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
igazságosság	igazságosságnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
felfedezés	felfedezésekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
hangtompító	hangtompítókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
intelligencia	intelligenciaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
panaszkönyveik	panaszkönyveikben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
étel	ételből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
visít	visítva	V.CVB;hungarian
latol	latolni	V;NFIN;hungarian
nióbium	nióbiumba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
szatén	szaténokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
jéghideg	jéghidegeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
dohánygyár	dohánygyárakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
importőr	importőrökké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
szalonkabát	szalonkabáttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
műtő	műtőként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
atavizmus	atavizmusokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
felháborít	felháborítottál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
megbecstelenít	megbecstelenítené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
természete	természetével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
plébános	plébánosról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
betekintés	betekintésen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
táv	távba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
életmód	életmódra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
számuk	számukra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
jövendő	jövendőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
iga	igától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
bensőséges	bensőségesekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
állampolgári	állampolgárit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
csempészet	csempészetté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
kontaktus	kontaktust	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
nőgyűlölő	nőgyűlölőbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
dkg	dkg-ig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
barnább	barnábbhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
készpénz	készpénzen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
délszláv	singular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
repatriál	repatriálnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
megismétel	megismételtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
landolás	landolások	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
homogén	homogénekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
gyulladás	singular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
net	nettel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bányász	bányászokért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
sláger	slágerekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
megcsodál	megcsodálják	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
polgárosodás	polgárosodásokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
pille	pillék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
kapocs	kapcsokról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
diktatúra	diktatúrához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
megtalál	megtaláljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
túró	túrókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
csend	csendekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
eredménye	eredményeként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
legabszurdabb	legabszurdabbtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
pincér	pincérekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
számla	számlákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
kienged	kiengedtek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
megvásárol	megvásárlandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
lakik	lakja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
admin	adminokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kín	singular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
cárnő	cárnőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
festékszóró	festékszóróból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ütközet	ütközetekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
legkopaszabb	legkopaszabbra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
digitalizál	digitalizáltatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
telepakol	telepakolunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
tereget	teregetitek	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
piál	piáljuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
findzsa	findzsákat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
posztpozíció	posztpozíciókba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
legkiválóbb	legkiválóbbként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
tudás	tudást	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
lágytojás	lágytojásokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
show	show-kat	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
denaturál	denaturálnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
parazita	parazitákra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
közömbös	közömböshöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
indíték	indítékból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ostábla	ostábláktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
márki	márkitól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
jogellenes	jogellenes	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
lassulás	lassulások	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
alufólia	alufóliákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
kaszabol	kaszabolják	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
rablás	rabláson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
gyakoriság	gyakoriságok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
idempotencia	idempotenciákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
cukkini	cukkiniben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
ciklikus	ciklikusért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
legabszurdabb	legabszurdabbakká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
pénztár	pénztárról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
kölcsönző	kölcsönzőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
vércse	vércsékből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
mérték	mértékekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
koldus	koldusokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
házastárs	házastársakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
analógia	analógiára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
nadrágszíj	nadrágszíjakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
kacor	kacorba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
karosszéria	karosszériákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
szebb	szebbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
csodaszép	csodaszépekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
örmény	örménnyé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
felmosó	felmosóra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
piacgazdaság	piacgazdaságokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
rangos	rangosakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
fincsi	fincsikről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
elsötétít	elsötétítetted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
meló	melókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
bevezet	bevezesse	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
mese	mesékként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
oroszlán	oroszlánokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
szignifikáns	szignifikánsaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
csizma	csizmákként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
módosítás	módosításokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
visszavonhatatlan	visszavonhatatlanokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
varázsol	varázsolunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
bölcsődal	bölcsődallá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
bari	barin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
körülmetél	körülmetélnének	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
teremt	teremtené	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
zsindelyez	zsindelyeznétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
véres	véresekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
képez	képezzük	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
fehérvérűség	fehérvérűség	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
gyorsétel	gyorsételeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
garancia	garanciával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
emlékeztető	emlékeztetők	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
játékfilm	játékfilmeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
kényszerűség	kényszerűségekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
lecke	leckék	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
súlyemelés	súlyemelésig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
arisztotelészi	arisztotelésziekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
margarin	margarint	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
marxi	marxit	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
bizonyos	bizonyosakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
szept.	szept.-en	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
kihúz	kihúznék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
tény	tényhez	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
gyógyász	gyógyászban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
homogén	homogénekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
interpelláció	interpellációkon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
romanticizmus	romanticizmusokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
városháza	városházáért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ciklohexán	cyclohexánokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
poligon	poligonokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
dekadens	dekadensektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
mellkas	mellkasokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
zászlóalj	zászlóaljért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
franciaországi	franciaországin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
letelepít	letelepítenünk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
hangszer	hangszerekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
alkotóbb	alkotóbbaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
fertőzés	fertőzésekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
szavazat	szavazatoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
névjegykártya	névjegykártyánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
komponál	komponálandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
vezetékes	vezetékeseknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
súgógép	súgógépekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
elkísér	elkísérnetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
kupa	kupákban	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
mózeskosár	mózeskosárban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
meghívása	meghívásaként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
csúzli	csúzli	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
nemesség	nemesség	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
eredmény	eredményekre	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
munkaadó	munkaadóktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
szeretete	szeretetén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
tapintat	tapintatokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
tudósít	tudósító	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
elismertebb	elismertebbektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
nyáj	nyájnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
sért	sértsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
kiver	kiverték	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
gyanta	gyantáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
vérkeringés	vérkeringésekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
embercsempész	embercsempészekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
jóslat	jóslatért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
mellény	mellényhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
markol	markolták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
írisz	íriszekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
meny	meny	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
titkol	titkolnátok	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
szkenner	szkennerekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
fordítási	fordításiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
utójáték	utójátékokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
koreográfia	koreográfiákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
lágytojás	lágytojásokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
terhesség	terhességtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
processzor	processzorból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
vonz	vonzottatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
vonszol	vonszoljátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
funkció	funkcióért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
egerész	egerészekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
proton	protonra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
jezsuita	jezsuitáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
impozáns	impozánsakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
költségvetés	költségvetésekért	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
gondolati	gondolatiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
menyasszony	menyasszonyt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
bekapcsol	bekapcsoljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
szimbólum	szimbólumtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
saláta	salátára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
népköztársaság	népköztársaságokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
koponya	koponyától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
izobután	izobutánhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
pecsenye	pecsenyétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
biblia	bibliává	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
vízóra	vízórákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
tulajdonnév	tulajdonnévben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
panzió	panziókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
megmérgez	megmérgeznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
távvezérel	távvezérelje	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
desztillál	desztillálj	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
megdorgál	megdorgáltam	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
digitalizál	digitalizálnád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
röplabda	röplabdákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
telep	telepeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
műértő	műértőből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ipar	iparokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
vízcsepp	vízcseppeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
honorárium	honoráriumról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
termékei	termékei	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
júniusi	júniusiakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
pipa	pipáknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
egyszínű	egyszínűvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
munkahely	munkahelyet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
bolha	bolhákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
gyűlölet	gyűlöletek	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
hasnyálmirigy	plural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
partitúra	partitúrává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
leépít	leépítendő	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
kapcsolható	kapcsolhatóért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
pacsuli	pacsulikba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
címez	címeznénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
önmegvalósítás	önmegvalósításokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
összeállítás	összeállítást	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
hangkártya	hangkártyáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
hirdetmény	hirdetményen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
épebb	épebbeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
bagó	bagókká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
válás	váláshoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
facsavar	facsavarokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
tarlatán	tarlatánokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
éles	éles	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
tanítása	tanítására	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
dioxid	dioxidként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
erődítmény	erődítményt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
kaikdzsi	kaikdzsikért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
szülésznő	szülésznőkben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
afganisztáni	afganisztáni	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
bizalom	bizalmakig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
kényszer	kényszerekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
komp	kompba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
strici	striciként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
infrastruktúra	infrastruktúrákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
jelöl	jelölnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
megfizethetetlen	megfizethetetlenekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
alkalmazható	alkalmazhatóhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
arca	arcának	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
állvány	állványokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
aranysakál	aranysakálnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
váltó	váltókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
tárgy	tárggyá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
észlelés	észlelésekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
zöldség	zöldségekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
elrejtés	elrejtésnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
differenciálegyenlet	differenciálegyenlettel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
kettősség	kettősségekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
tapasz	tapaszban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
igemód	igemódig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
kód	kódokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
szemügy	szemügy	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
akrofóbia	akrofóbiában	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
reneszánsz	reneszánszig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
nyikhaj	nyikhajokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
bizottság	bizottságnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
türelem	türelemről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
gardrób	gardróbbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
megbízó	megbízón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
épület	épületekben	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
jóváhagyás	jóváhagyásban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
országos	országosig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
támasz	támaszként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
font	fontért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
kilélegez	kilélegezzétek	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
bringa	bringákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
kreativitás	kreativitásból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
túllép	túllépnék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
vérrokon	vérrokontól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
konvenció	konvenciókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
asztrakán	asztrakánra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
mikroprocesszor	mikroprocesszorokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
tettes	tettesből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ösztön	ösztönök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
lebeszél	lebeszéljen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
sóvárog	sóvárognék	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
kozmetikai	kozmetikaiakként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
szőr	szőröktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
boldogság	boldogságoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
található	találhatókban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
csirke	csirkén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
szívtipró	szívtiprókhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
verbális	verbálisaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
potroh	potrohot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ezredforduló	ezredfordulóknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
előfutár	előfutárokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
cukkini	cukkiniktől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
szerves	szervesekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
finanszíroz	finanszírozzunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szolgáltatás	plural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
foglalkozás	foglalkozásban	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
nyulacska	nyulacskával	N;INST;SG;hungarian
megtud	megtudod	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
képes	képesekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
lyukkártya	lyukkártyákká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
emír	emírekben	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
javít	javítaná	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
hadijáték	hadijátékoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
ütközés	ütközésre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
rénszarvas	rénszarvashoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
legtagadhatatlanabb	legtagadhatatlanabbal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ízlel	ízlelnéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
ajándékod	ajándékodhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
utód	utódoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
delegáció	delegációknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
jelenség	jelenségért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
külföldi	külföldiekhez	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
hagyományos	hagyományosaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
szupermodell	szupermodellben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
radioizotóp	radioizotópokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
átkoz	átkoznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
észrevételeid	észrevételeidet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
egyenletes	egyenletesben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
tévézik	tévézned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
benzodiazepin	benzodiazepinért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
transzrealizmus	transzrealizmusba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
programunk	programunkhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
nagygép	nagygépekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
szuggesztív	szuggesztíven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
figyelmeztet	figyelmeztetnénk	V;COND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
kucsma	kucsmákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
elevenboncolás	elevenboncolásként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
gépjármű	gépjárműtől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
mindennap	mindennapokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
közép	közép	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
helytelen	helytelenek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
tealevél	tealevelekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
vegetáriánus	vegetáriánushoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
marcipán	marcipánon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
karó	karóból	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
balzsamos	balzsamosra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
disztributivitás	disztributivitásoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
alj	aljnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
bölcső	bölcsőkig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
célfüggvény	célfüggvényekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
lakkoz	lakkozva	V.CVB;hungarian
megcsal	megcsalnia	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
elgázol	elgázoltok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
összhang	összhangból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
bevándorló	bevándorlóra	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
gyávaság	gyávaságnak	N;INST;SG;hungarian
dézsma	dézsmában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
végrendelet	végrendeletté	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
fej.	fej.-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
cikk	cikkeknek	N;INST;PL;hungarian
személye	személyéből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
problémái	problémáiig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
benzol	benzolra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
parancs	parancsokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
diffúzió	diffúziókon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
alkoholista	alkoholistákba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
itthoni	itthoniakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
teknősbéka	teknősbékák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
tellúr	tellúrra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
mezőgazdász	mezőgazdászokkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
forgalmaz	forgalmazzátok	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
elbeszélés	elbeszélésen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
növelés	növelésnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
absztraktság	absztraktsággal	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
hasznosít	hasznosítasz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
pirotechnikus	pirotechnikusoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
születésnap	születésnapoktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
elveszít	elveszítenétek	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
juta	jutáig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
elvonszol	elvonszoljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
legviccesebb	legviccesebbekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
karosszék	karosszékeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
dolgozó	plural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
állapít	állapítanád	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
halmazelmélet	halmazelméletekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
hálószobabútor	hálószobabútoron	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
smink	smink	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
nyomtat	nyomtatja	V;IND;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
beágyazott	beágyazottban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
gyártás	gyártásokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
monitorotok	monitorotokból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
unió	uniókra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
orrszarv	orrszarvról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
személyzet	személyzetért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
jégcsap	jégcsapokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
bokszbajnok	bokszbajnokoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
garázs	garázsok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
gabonapehely	gabonapelyhekké	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
snóder	snóderig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
túlnépesedés	túlnépesedésekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
összezsugorít	összezsugorítanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
szivacs	szivacsból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
népgazdaság	népgazdasághoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
befejezett	befejezettbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
moha	mohában	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
bűvösebb	bűvösebbre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
nyűgöz	nyűgöznél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
album	albumhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
kapszula	kapszulák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
déli	déliért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
fekvés	fekvésből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ágyútöltelék	ágyútöltelékké	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
befizet	befizess	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
kacag	kacagnának	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
sarkantyú	sarkantyúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
esély	esélyben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
vendéglátóipari	vendéglátóipariakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
leánybúcsú	leánybúcsúig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
elektrokardiogram	elektrokardiogramnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
cseber	csebreknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
fektet	fektetnek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
tartam	tartamokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
bélmozgás	bélmozgássá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
vőfély	vőféllyel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
kattintás	kattintások	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
szívtipró	szívtiprókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
izlandi	izlandiakhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
kertész	kertésszel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
halványít	halványítsam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
nyakfodor	nyakfodor	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
mikroszkóp	mikroszkópokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
kivonulás	kivonulásokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
bauxit	bauxitban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
machináció	machinációktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
hiányzó	hiányzótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
lábszár	lábszárakba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
tőzeg	tőzeggel	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
atmoszféra	atmoszféráig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
varázs	varázs	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
kitüntet	kitüntették	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
ugat	ugatnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
megbecstelenít	megbecstelenítsenek	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
befolyásol	befolyásoljatok	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
beszédkészség	beszédkészségként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
hozzászóló	hozzászólóknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
negyedóra	negyedórán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
jogviszony	jogviszonyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
hajtűkanyar	hajtűkanyarokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
mama	mamákhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
lakatlan	lakatlanból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
meghívása	meghívásából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
tányér	tányérokkal	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
párduc	párducnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
kuli	kulikkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
felhív	felhívsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
több	többeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
pogácsa	pogácsákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
állítás	állítástól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
helyezett	helyezettekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
riporter	riporteren	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
zápfog	zápfogakat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
káva	kávákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
érzékeny	érzékenyekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
káosz	káoszokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
emel	emelnie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
urbanizál	urbanizáltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
kifejez	kifejeztetek	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
szándékosabb	szándékosabbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
fülesbagoly	fülesbagolyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
dominóeffektus	dominóeffektusként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
elnapol	elnapoljam	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
repce	repcékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
dirndli	dirndlivé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
lobogó	lobogókként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
hidrogén	hidrogéneket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
szopik	szopjanak	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
felhőszakadás	felhőszakadásokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
fülke	fülkéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
pata	patákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
palack	palackokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
űrpálya	űrpályától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
szárny	szárnyból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
lábbeli	lábbelikhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
áttörés	áttörésért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
ösztönöz	ösztönöznétek	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
omikron	omikronok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
nyitvatartás	nyitvatartásig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
kanapé	kanapé	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
szab	szabnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
mozaik	mozaikokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
portéka	portékákért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
iszap	iszap	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
hivatásos	hivatásossal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
elhibáz	elhibázzuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
elvált	elváltakból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
centiméter	centiméterből	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
belváros	belvárosnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
kormányközi	kormányköziekként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
részecskegyorsító	részecskegyorsítótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
birs	plural	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
nyilatkozik	nyilatkozandó	V.PTCP;FUT;hungarian
invitál	invitáljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
nevezés	nevezésig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
artikulált	artikuláltba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
vacsorázik	vacsorázzon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
fülhallgató	fülhallgatókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
Rorschach-teszt	Rorschach-tesztbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
hókócsag	hókócsagnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
vakáció	vakációkhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
endodermisz	endodermiszből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kíváncsibb	kíváncsibbakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
szít	szítanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
m	m-ek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
vezérel	vezérlem	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
szirt	szirteknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
napirend	napirendekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
tárhely	tárhelyként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
nagykövet	nagyköveten	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
expanzió	expanziókról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
csizma	csizmánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
szekreter	szekretert	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
dekoráció	dekorációig	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
fejed	fejedet	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
jégsaláta	jégsalátákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
keringés	keringéseknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
árny	árnyakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
gallium	galliumból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
legédesebb	legédesebb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
kezel	kezelted	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
boholy	bolyhoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
gyerekcipő	gyerekcipőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
lépcső	lépcsőig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
államcsíny	államcsínnyé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
kocsim	kocsimmal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
ablakaitok	ablakaitoktól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
szonett	szonettből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
fenntartható	fenntarthatót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
erőszakos	erőszakosak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
lakótárs	lakóatársaktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
higiénia	higiéniákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
kalász	kalászra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
gondozott	gondozottakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
súlyemelés	súlyemeléssel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
válás	válásokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
rétesliszt	réteslisztekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
születésű	születésűeknek	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
móló	mólókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
gonoszabb	gonoszabbért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
összhang	összhanghoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
szimbolizál	szimbolizál	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
köpönyegforgató	köpönyegforgatóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
improvizál	improvizáló	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
korbácsod	korbácsodról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
rágalmaz	rágalmazni	V;NFIN;hungarian
bolondít	bolondítsuk	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
felhalmozott	felhalmozottból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
megerősít	megerősítenie	V;NFIN;3;SG;hungarian
lengyel	lengyelbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
toportyánféreg	toportyánféregnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
karácsony	karácsonyhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
műszerész	műszerészhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
prosti	prostikról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kirurgus	kirurgusoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
antikvárium	antikváriumot	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
körülír	körülírjátok	V;IND;PRS;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
pad	padoknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
grafika	grafikán	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
aknász	aknászról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
elismerés	elismerésre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
térképész	térképészről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
könnyelműség	könnyelműségeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
jellem	jellemekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
ganéj	ganéjokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
közgyűlési	közgyűlésin	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
utórezgés	utórezgésről	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
erdőtűz	erdőtüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
igényelhető	igényelhetőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
teaszűrő	teaszűrővé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
sokkol	sokkoltad	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
vézna	véznákban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
manipulál	manipulálni	V;NFIN;hungarian
kúpszelet	kúpszeletként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
idegösszeomlás	idegösszeomlásként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
felépítés	felépítéseken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
bézs	bézsekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
portál	portálokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
elemózsia	elemózsiák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
műbútorasztalos	műbútorasztalosoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
unalom	unalmakon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
deklaráció	deklarációnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
szójatej	szójatejekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
ornitológia	ornitológiához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
dinoszaurusz	dinoszauruszba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
pingál	pingálnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
gépe	gépétől	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
kalandos	kalandostól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
kérdései	kérdéseinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
érvénytelen	érvénytelenként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
FÁK	FÁK-ból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
mahagóni	mahagóninak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
szárnyas	szárnyasoknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
edzésprogram	edzésprogramból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
háziállat	háziállatokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
gyógyulás	gyógyulásokhoz	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
ésszerűség	ésszerűségekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
megállapít	megállapított	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
csíra	csíraként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
megcsodál	megcsodálnotok	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
eretnekség	eretnekséggé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
üzen	üzenjék	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
nemzetközi	nemzetköziekről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
fejlődéstan	fejlődéstanhoz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
passzív	passzívon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
szárnyal	szárnyalom	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
zajosabb	zajosabbig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
összevet	összevetsz	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
nyuszika	nyuszikához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
hagyományos	hagyományosakig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
írünk	írünk	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
hadgyakorlat	hadgyakorlattá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
melle	melléhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
tapaszt	tapasztotok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
szimulál	szimulálták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
tízparancsolat	tízparancsolatba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
éber	éberhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
köszönhető	köszönhetőkként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
postakocsi	postakocsikból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
elsodor	elsodortatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
dülmirigy	dülmirigyekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
piacgazdaság	piacgazdaságról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
kamelot	kamelotok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
front	frontokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
xenon	xenonból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
titkol	titkolok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
szintetizátor	szintetizátoroknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
balatoni	balatoniból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
megszállott	megszállottá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
idegesít	idegesítve	V.CVB;hungarian
dokumentáció	dokumentációk	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
legmodernebb	legmodernebbhez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
koráll	korálltál	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
homályos	homályossal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
gyártó	gyártót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
bőrbaj	bőrbajon	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
háttérzene	háttérzenéért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
kiegészítés	kiegészítések	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
oszét	oszétokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
interjúalany	interjúalanyért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
déli	déliekért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
eredményesebb	eredményesebben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
lakosság	lakosságokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
optimalizálás	optimalizálásokként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
nyavalya	nyavalyába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
megpróbál	megpróbált	V.PTCP;PST;hungarian
sor	sorok	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
pszichés	pszichések	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
lóversenypálya	lóversenypályává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
visel	viseltem	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
retusál	retusáltuk	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
élmény	élmények	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
logó	logót	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
psziché	pszichéknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
félsziget	félszigetekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
hűvös	hűvösek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
növekedése	növekedését	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
lenvászon	lenvásznakkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
mozi	moziktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
veranda	veranda	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
ura	urára	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
pakura	pakurából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
szélső	szélsőket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
apáca	apácákon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
stóla	stólákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
folyadék	folyadék	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
bálványimádás	bálványimádásra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
gólkülönbség	gólkülönbségek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
tehén	tehénné	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
megvásárol	megvásároltátok	V;IND;PST;DEF;2;PL;hungarian
modemed	modemedről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
szavanna	szavannáknál	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
állatorvos	állatorvosokba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
szőnyeg	szőnyegektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
illetékesség	illetékességekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
labdajáték	labdajátékból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
patriarchális	patriarchálisakért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
átfogóbb	átfogóbbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
paszuly	paszulyokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
szőlő	szőlőhöz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
kénkő	kövekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
érsek	érsekekből	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
kitör	kitörnénk	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
lajdinánt	lajdinánt	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
lenyűgöz	lenyűgöznéd	V;COND;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
megindít	megindítanám	V;COND;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
halott	halottakká	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
nyelőcső	nyelőcsőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
primitív	primitívvé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
minősít	minősítetek	V;IND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
tempó	tempókra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
gátol	gátolta	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
újhold	újholdak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
habkő	habkővel	N;INST;SG;hungarian
földcsuszamlás	földcsuszamlásokig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
elkészítés	elkészítésektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
kamaszdzseki	kamaszdzsekikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
füst	füstök	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
pedikűrös	pedikűrössé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
bolondít	bolondítsák	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
diákkiállítás	diákkiállításokra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ceruzatartó	ceruzatartókon	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
gyötrelem	gyötrelmen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
meggyújt	meggyújtsd	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;2;SG;hungarian
nyelvjárás	nyelvjárást	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ökölszabály	ökölszabályokra	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
jégsaláta	jégsalátába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
űrhajós	űrhajósokhoz	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
megjelentetés	megjelentetésnek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
császárnő	császárnővé	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
tv.	tv.-ekkel	N;INST;PL;hungarian
kompánia	kompániákból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
kandela	kandeláról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
legérdesebb	legérdesebbek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
megbánt	megbántok	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
csiga	csigákkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
deklináció	deklinációnál	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
akkordod	akkordodat	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
parazita	singular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
megszerez	megszerezzem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
párhuzamos	párhuzamosnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
szerencsés	szerencsésekig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
figura	figurát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
ősnemzés	ősnemzésnél	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
gereblye	gereblyére	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
rádiós	rádiósokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
szimmetria	szimmetriától	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
vektor	vektorban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
muzsikál	muzsikálnátok	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
hullámfüggvény	hullámfüggvényekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
készenlét	készenlétekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
orrcimpa	orrcimpákig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
rövidítés	rövidítésből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
ábra	ábrákról	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
liget	ligetekig	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
epekő	epekövek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
kísérete	kíséretével	N;INST;SG;hungarian
bolygó	singular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
kikapcsol	kikapcsoljuk	V;IND;PRS;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
értékelés	értékelésre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
leolt	leoltanunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
kapacitás	kapacitásokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
bővebb	bővebbeken	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
soruk	sorukért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
láncreakció	láncreakcióktól	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
környezettan	környezettanig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
trónus	trónusokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
kollégium	kollégiumokból	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
bangladesi	bangladesiekhez	N;AT+ALL;PL;hungarian
valkűr	valkűrökről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
tá	tával	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
kettős	kettősök	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
virtuális	virtuálisakban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
vallás	vallásoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
aktuális	aktuálisnál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
antitézis	antitézisektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
sportoló	sportolón	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
földel	földeltek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
zsineg	zsineget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
folyópart	folyópartról	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
közérthető	közérthetőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
vegetáció	vegetációkban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
titkár	titkárokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
alkoholista	alkoholistákról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
beleüvölt	beleüvöltöttek	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
szegénység	szegénységgé	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
söpör	söpörjem	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;1;SG;hungarian
akta	aktának	N;INST;SG;hungarian
csuhás	csuháshoz	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
megköszön	megköszöntél	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
tanév	tanéven	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
legkésőbb	legkésőbbekből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
kűrium	kűrium	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
padod	padoddal	N;INST;SG;hungarian
prefektus	prefektussá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
szinódus	szinóduson	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
dzsungel	dzsungelekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
skandináv	skandinávban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
papírzsebkendő	papírzsebkendőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
varjúfióka	varjúfiókáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
tárgyelem	tárgyelemekbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
tulaj	tulaj	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
tévézik	tévézzen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
nekrológ	nekrológok	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
utasítás	utasításnak	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
csillagfény	singular	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
összevág	összevágtatok	V;IND;PST;INDF;2;PL;hungarian
szervezetünk	szervezetünkben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
leghaszontalanabb	leghaszontalanabbak	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
térszög	térszöghez	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
gondolatod	gondolatodtól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
düftin	düftinek	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
boltkóros	boltkórossá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
ászana	ászanává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
frissítés	frissítésektől	N;AT+ABL;PL;hungarian
díjaz	díjazták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
lenvászon	lenvászonként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
tálca	tálcákba	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
mókus	mókusban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
hurcol	hurcolja	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
szeptemberi	szeptemberiért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
csőr	csőrökből	N;IN+ABL;PL;hungarian
szemléltet	szemléltessen	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
találékonyság	találékonyságért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
nagyság	nagyságokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
függelék	függelékig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
aperitif	aperitifről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
prezentál	prezentálnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
futótűz	futótüzeknél	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
zacc	zaccokban	N;IN+ESS;PL;hungarian
focilabda	focilabdáról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
fáklyafény	fáklyafényt	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
gazella	gazellát	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
opera	operák	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
kenyérbolt	kenyérboltokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
szeparál	szeparáljunk	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
szekerce	szekercén	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
határozott	határozottakról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
azeri	azerikként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
csörgő	csörgőkről	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
körző	körzőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
szociális	szociálisból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
dzsungel	dzsungelekbe	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
depressziós	depressziósaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
hattyú	hattyúknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
középkorú	középkorúakra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
kimondhatatlan	kimondhatatlanokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
nyelvi	nyelviekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
karcol	karcoljon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
néző	nézőn	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
tereget	teregető	V.PTCP;PRS;hungarian
zárol	zárolnák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
női	nőiről	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
egyetemista	egyetemistává	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
keménytojás	keménytojásról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
távirat	táviratokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
gyomlál	gyomlálna	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
ügyfelei	ügyfeleiként	N;FRML;SG;hungarian
káromkodik	káromkodták	V;IND;PST;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
vendéglő	vendéglőknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
krém	krémen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
múzeum	múzeumokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
viselkedési	viselkedésinek	N;DAT;SG;hungarian
retesz	reteszen	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
ártatlan	ártatlanban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
szigonyoz	szigonyozni	V;NFIN;hungarian
pókháló	pókhálóba	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ultrahang	ultrahangokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
bát	báttól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
vattacukor	vattacukrokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
vallomás	vallomásokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
kabóca	kabócákra	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
bugyogó	bugyogótól	N;AT+ABL;SG;hungarian
tapasztalatom	tapasztalatomra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
realizál	realizálunk	V;IND;PRS;INDF;1;PL;hungarian
böjt	böjtökként	N;FRML;PL;hungarian
bőrcipő	bőrcipőhöz	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
dzéta	dzétához	N;AT+ALL;SG;hungarian
növeszt	növesztenél	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
utazósebesség	utazósebességekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
szállítás	szállítást	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
haldokló	haldoklókig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
űrszonda	űrszondák	N;NOM;PL;hungarian
funkció	funkciókkal	N;INST;PL;hungarian
fagyaszt	fagyasztaniuk	V;NFIN;3;PL;hungarian
szilánk	szilánkokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
novembere	novemberéig	N;TERM;SG;hungarian
kronobiológia	kronobiológiába	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
ciklohexán	cyclohexánokért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
vigyáz	vigyáznák	V;COND;PRS;DEF;3;PL;hungarian
SCSI	SCSI-kon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
igeidő	igeidőkre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
zenél	zenéltük	V;IND;PST;DEF;1;PL;hungarian
maki	makival	N;INST;SG;hungarian
locsolókanna	locsolókannán	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
túli	túliaknak	N;DAT;PL;hungarian
kebel	kebelbe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
bézs	bézsekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
ágyú	ágyúból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
csend	csenden	N;ON+ESS;SG;hungarian
gyaur	gyaurral	N;INST;SG;hungarian
drasztikus	drasztikusról	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
állás	állásoknak	N;INST;PL;hungarian
transzplantátum	transzplantátumokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
innovatívabb	innovatívabb	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
zseblámpa	zseblámpából	N;ON+ABL;SG;hungarian
kalapál	kalapáltak	V;IND;PST;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
tüzérség	tüzérséget	N;ACC;SG;hungarian
kalauzol	kalauzolnál	V;COND;PRS;INDF;2;SG;hungarian
cézium	céziumokig	N;TERM;PL;hungarian
csomópont	csomópontokba	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
felruház	felruháznak	V;IND;PRS;INDF;3;PL;hungarian
recepció	recepciókat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
zamatos	zamatosért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
pumpa	pumpából	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
karvalybagoly	karvalybagolyra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
lakótelep	lakótelepeket	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
civilizál	civilizálnunk	V;NFIN;1;PL;hungarian
ajánlat	ajánlattá	N;TRANS;SG;hungarian
bóra	bórákat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
szovjet	szovjetre	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
forrásvíz	forrásvíz	N;NOM;SG;hungarian
kötőhártya-gyulladás	kötőhártya-gyulladásban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
költség	költségekre	N;ON+ALL;PL;hungarian
nevez	neveznetek	V;NFIN;2;PL;hungarian
értékelés	értékelésben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
előszó	előszókért	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
rítus	rítusokat	N;ACC;PL;hungarian
panaszkönyveitek	panaszkönyveitekben	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
tőgy	tőgybe	N;IN+ALL;SG;hungarian
krematórium	krematóriumokká	N;TRANS;PL;hungarian
elbarikádoz	elbarikádoztam	V;IND;PST;INDF;1;SG;hungarian
édesség	édességből	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
összeken	összekenned	V;NFIN;2;SG;hungarian
időszerűség	időszerűségeknél	N;AT+ESS;PL;hungarian
csempészik	csempészne	V;COND;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
végez	végezze	V;SBJV;PRS;DEF;3;SG;hungarian
agyrázkódás	agyrázkódásra	N;ON+ALL;SG;hungarian
sárgadinnye	sárgadinnyékbe	N;IN+ALL;PL;hungarian
fehérbor	fehérborokon	N;ON+ESS;PL;hungarian
agyonvág	agyonvágjon	V;SBJV;PRS;INDF;3;SG;hungarian
énekes	énekesekkel	N;PRP;PL;hungarian
súlyemelés	súlyemelésért	N;PRP;SG;hungarian
dzsunka	dzsunkánál	N;AT+ESS;SG;hungarian
makk	makkokról	N;ON+ABL;PL;hungarian
fogyasztó	fogyasztóban	N;IN+ESS;SG;hungarian
megtartás	megtartásból	N;IN+ABL;SG;hungarian
snuđđat	snuđale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
njammat	njammat	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
soaitit	soaitiba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
jávkat	jávkkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
láhčit	lážežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
guorsat	guorssašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
buoidivuohta	buoidivuođaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
čiehkat	čiegaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
labmát	labmái	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
arkeologiija	arkeologiija	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
villat	vil'los	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čohkat	čogan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuohppat	čuohpažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
issorasat	issorasat	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
máššat	mášašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
váidit	váidot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
labmát	labmájehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
máidnut	máidnot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
losit	losibui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
čuoldit	čulde	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
čávdit	čávddášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuoggut	čuoggu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
gáhkku	gáhkuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
riekti	rivttiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
olju	oljui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
eamit	eamida	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
rinčát	rinčášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
viežžat	vieččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
biergu	biergu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
stađđat	stađažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
giitit	giittiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
uštit	ušttáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jorgut	jorggošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
áitit	áitiba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
konfirmašuvdna	konfirmašuvdnan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
mannat	manašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
gazza	gaccas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
jahtat	jađa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
biđonsámegiella	biđonsámegielas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
doarggistit	doarggistehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
oallut	ollon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
gazza	gacca	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
bohkat	boga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
stađđat	stađđot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dápmat	dámašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
bakku	baggos	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
beastit	besttežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
sorját	sorjálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cuvzat	cuvzoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
alvvaiduvvat	alvvaiduvvos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
muitit	muittáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
coggat	cokkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuođđit	čuđđen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čájihit	čájihivččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
njoahcut	njoazut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
joksat	jovssat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
mohkkámus	mohkkámussan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
skábmamánnu	skábmamánnui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
njuolla	njuolas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
náráš	nárážiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
analogiija	analogiijas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
njaŋgát	njaŋgále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
seassat	seasaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bohkat	bogašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
čohkat	čohkat	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
cahppát	cahppálii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
holvut	holvvoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
suorganit	suorganivččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ealet	ealebiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
čáhkat	čágašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
garcut	garccožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
ivdnet	ivdnejetnot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
eana	eanan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
njuolgut	njulggošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
oarbbis	oarbásis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
čoarrut	čorrot	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
buorránit	buorránivččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
justit	justtii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
gielddasámegiella	gielddasámegiellan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
aritmetihkka	aritmetihka	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
duostat	duosttaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
searvat	servo	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
lohpi	lobiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
automatiseret	automatiserebeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
abohtta	abohtat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
oahppat	oahppá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
bolfát	bolfájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
speallat	spellos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuorgadeamos	čuorgadepmosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
reahccut	rehcco	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
goargŋut	gorkŋoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuosehit	vuoseheigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
biebmat	biepmaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
bilkidit	bilkidehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
máidnut	máinnošeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
laskat	laskkaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čoađgi	čoađgin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
skarkit	skarkkášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
buokčat	buovččalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
viežžat	vieččan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
seabbát	seabbášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
johttát	johttá	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
beahci	beazi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
jaskat	jaskada	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
boršut	boršubehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ivdnet	ivdneleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
alkoholista	alkoholisttaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
aresteret	arestere	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
davrát	davráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
goaikut	goikkole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fearrat	fearaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuopmat	čuomaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
bieggat	biekkaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gahcut	gazošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
boasta	boasttaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
vuohčit	vuožášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
seabbát	seabbážan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vuordit	vurddiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
čuođát	čuođádiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
dorvvolaččat	dorvvolaččabut	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
dutkat	dutkkaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
oažžut	oaččut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
beassat	beasa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
báhcit	bázežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šaldi	šalddiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
gohcit	gohce	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
čájáhus	čájáhusain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
bilbut	bilbu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
cuhpat	cuhpabeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
njávkat	njávkaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
njuikut	njuikoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
stoavkit	stovkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
urdit	urdiba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
rihpat	ribašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
dievvat	divvot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
gahppat	gahpažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gierdat	gierddaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
sahát	sahášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
geahččalit	geahččale	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
sihtat	siđažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
heaŋgut	heŋggošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
boagustit	boagusteš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
nordat	norddašeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
čirrat	čiražat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
suoggat	sugget	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
áhtat	áđažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
duostat	duosttalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
doaivvuhit	doaivvuhivččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
goaikut	goikos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
sirdát	sirdášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ciellat	cielaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
stuorámus	stuorámusaid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
bakku	baggui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
doaivvuhit	doaivvuhehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
vealgut	velggole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gálašit	gálašit	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
máksit	mávssášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
vuoiŋŋadit	vuoiŋŋadii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
deadja	deajain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
suoggat	suokkaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hieibmat	hieimmale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dápmat	dápmoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
njuovvat	njuovašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
kollektiiva	kollektiivvaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
dapmi	dapmái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ceggoseamos	ceggosepmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
cuovkanit	cuovkanivčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
beallji	beljiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
sárdnut	sárdnut	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
jorrat	jorrabeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
gurroseamos	gurrosepmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
gođđat	gođan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
uhcci	uhcci	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
čoaggit	čoakkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
leavdnit	leavnnášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
bohtás	bohtása	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
vuohppát	vuohppáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čiehppat	čihpposka	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
ráhkkáseamos	ráhkkáseamos	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
bindut	binddožetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
gaŋgát	gaŋgáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nealgi	nelggiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
duogŋat	dugŋet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
bruvsa	bruvssas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
amiidit	amiidivččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
gártat	gárte	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
duohki	dugiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
suoládit	suoládeimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
ábbut	áppo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
millu	milluid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
gulcat	gulce	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
heaibat	heaibbalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
spildut	spilddošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
láhppit	láhpáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cahkat	caga	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
gávccinuppelogát	gávccinuppelogádiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
báidnit	báinnežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
gođđat	gođđen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
šnjoargut	šnjorggoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
sirgŋat	sirkŋažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
almmaiduvvat	almmaiduvašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
ruoksát	ruoksájit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
boagustit	boagustežže	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
geavrát	geavrážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
riitát	riitájeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
bollát	bol'lába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
goardit	goardde	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
jalkát	jalkáža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
vardát	vardálin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ipmirdit	ipmirdan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
eahccit	eahcášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
gullat	gulašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
rinčát	rinčáide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
oattit	oattibun	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
dálvat	dálvi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
bargat	barggalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bollát	bol'lážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
čiehkat	čiegašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
gáhččat	gáhčče	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
suovva	suovat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ajihastit	ajihasttášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
hoallat	hoalaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
bidjat	biddji	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
vátnat	vánat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šleambit	šleambbáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bivval	bivvaliin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
cáhkkat	cáhkaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
seavvit	sevežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
bolsttar	bolsttar	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
spáitit	spáittášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
spálčát	spálčáidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
normála	normálain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
gába	gáhpagiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
garca	garccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ráhkistuvvat	ráhkistuvvat	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
láhčit	lážiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
cáhkkat	cáhkkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
loahppat	lohppet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
goikat	goikkažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
fanas	fatnasat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
čatnat	čatnen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
boatkanit	boatkanivččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čohkkát	čohkkálin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geandit	genddiide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čávvat	čávažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
doahput	doahpubehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
revolušuvdna	revolušuvnnain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
guoggát	guoggájehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
rádjat	rájažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
vuolgit	vulggiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
vuohčut	vužuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
geaidit	geiddežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gieldit	gilddiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
hárcut	hárccoše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
sárdnut	sártnošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuopmat	čupmen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
játnat	jánaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
russat	rusalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
guvrut	guvrrožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
gorrat	gorret	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šuohkkit	šuhkežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
beađđat	beađašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
orrut	oruidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
čolgat	čolgaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
alfabehta	alfabehtaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
seabbát	seabbážeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
niitit	niittežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
almmáskit	almmásketne	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cuvzat	cuvzzaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čábbáseamos	čábbásepmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
spildut	spildon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čatnat	čanalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
njassat	njasažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čiekčat	čikčet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
goikásit	goikáseappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
bleahkka	bleahkain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
spalcat	spalccalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ahkáduvvat	ahkáduvvet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čierastit	čierasteaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
garvit	garvvežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
girdit	girddášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
máhttit	máhtáleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gálvát	gálvábeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
nordat	norde	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
mulgut	mulggošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
čuopma	čuomat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
bealkit	belkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
eadnán	eadnásan	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
lállit	lálále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
skihččát	skihččái	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
brigáda	brigádaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
villat	villašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
šlahttit	šlahttoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
jávri	jávrriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vihttalogát	vihttalogát	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
dávžat	dávžoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
mođđi	mođiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
njurgut	njurgut	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
miehtat	miehtá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
rihcit	rihcihiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
reavri	revrriide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
biestit	biestit	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
guoggut	gukkuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
cahppát	cahppát	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
huikit	huike	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čelččen	čelččemiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
čagardit	čagardit	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
bajiloaidnu	bajiloainnuid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ciellat	cielašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
luossa	luossa	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
čádjidit	čádjideidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
bordit	borddežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
njealljenuppelogát	njealljenuppelogádin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
dolastit	dolasteaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
vuoiŋŋadit	vuoiŋŋadan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
guolástit	guolásteš	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
gossat	gosašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
boikohttet	boikohtteleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
juolgat	juolggažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
jahkečuohti	jahkečuohti	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
aresteret	aresterii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
návli	návlliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
čieŋal	čieŋal	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
gorrat	goražat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ruošša	ruoššain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
televišuvdna	televišuvnnas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
snuđđat	snuđan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
jierbmat	jirbme	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuollat	čuolat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
gaivát	gaivájit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
gažahit	gažaheimme	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuodjit	vudjet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
alva	alvii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
leabbut	leppošeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
oattimus	oattimussan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gávrut	gávrrut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
girječálli	girječálliid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
mulgut	mulggožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
miehtat	mieđažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
bronsa	bronssain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
boagustit	boagustin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
oránššat	oránššabu	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
suoibut	suoibu	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
šealgut	šelggožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
ropmi	romi	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
deaffat	deafa	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
goaivut	goivvožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
dápmat	dápmabeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dorvvolaš	dorvvolaččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
vuolgit	vuolgibeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
buollit	buollá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
navvit	navvibehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
mannat	mannoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
doaivut	doivvui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
gastit	gasttále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dievvat	dievašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
lossadeamos	lossadepmosa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
gámme	gámmet	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
mođđat	mođđe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
gargit	garggii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ahkiduššat	ahkidušale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
suoidnemánnu	suoidnemánuide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
láhčit	láhčon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
appelsiidna	appelsiinnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čuoigát	čuoigába	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
snorrát	snor'ráše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ceavvi	ceviid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
gulcat	gulccan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
mahkkit	mahkáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
uhcimus	uhcimusain	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
eadnán	eadnán	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
sirgŋat	sirgŋe	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
suvri	suvrri	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
appelsiidna	appelsiidnii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
addes	addesiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dávgut	dávggošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
áibmi	áimmi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
cáhkit	cáhke	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
hoigat	hoiggaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
loaidat	loaidá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
gálvát	gálvát	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
njoahcut	njozošin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
lieđđi	liđiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
jeaggi	jeaggái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
geahččalit	geahččaleigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
háhtta	háhtaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
vuordnut	vurdnot	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
njaldit	njalddežeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
guossa	guosain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuoksit	vuoksibehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
máidnut	máinnoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dutkat	dutkkašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
ipmi	imiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
vuohttit	vuhttet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
njáškát	njáškážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
jurbmát	jurbmáime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gádjut	gájui	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
guođđit	guđiiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
muohta	muođain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
allalávlla	allalávlaga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
dieigut	diiggošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
addjohit	addjoheimmet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dálvat	dálvvažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
sieđga	sieđggat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
navvit	navežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
skavdut	skavddoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čuollat	čuolašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
buođđut	buđoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
oarbbis	oarbásii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
oallut	ollot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
juoigat	juoiggašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
viibat	viibbaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
gohcit	gohcet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
biila	biila	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
seabbát	seabbáide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ásahit	ásaheidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
reakci	reakcin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
deakčut	devččožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
áibat	áibet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
sihtat	sihttu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
adopteret	adopterejit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vealtit	velttežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buohcat	buhcet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuođđit	čuđežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
šealgut	šelggožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
sihkkut	sihkkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
vuolgit	vuolggále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
arestet	arestešeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
čuohki	čugiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
vuordnut	vurtnošeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
oastit	ostoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
suorganit	suorganii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
apmasit	apmaseappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
arvit	arvvát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
cáhpat	cábaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
skurbat	skurbo	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
seaisat	seiso	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
mannat	mannot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
suossa	suosaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
bilkidit	bilkida	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ballat	ballet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
allatiiva	allatiivvain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
spiidni	spiinniid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
rievdat	rievddaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
struhpat	strubašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
fuobmát	fuobmážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
almmostahttit	almmostahtte	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
huhpat	hubaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
guorus	gurrosiin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
ruškadeamos	ruškadepmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
šlubbut	šlubbon	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
njuvdit	njuvddášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
gallet	galležetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
goallut	gollo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čaibmat	čaibmos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
sekšuvdna	sekšuvdnan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
árbmu	árbmui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
šearrát	šear'rážetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
joksat	jovssale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ruoidnát	ruoidnážehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
hárdit	hárdet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
spálčát	spálčážeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
bodnját	bodnjále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ruskat	ruskkaiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
viggat	vikkalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
allodat	allodat	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
cuvket	cuvkiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
gáisi	gáissiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
goarrut	goruidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ajihastit	ajihasttálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
lávgut	lávggoleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ráhkistuvvat	ráhkistuvaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čuorgat	čuorgadiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
bohtanit	bohtaneažžabehtet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
figgat	figge	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
skuvla	skuvllain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
guoccat	guoccagiid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
gožu	gohččot	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ordi	orddis	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
njohcut	njozožit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
uhcit	uhcibuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
boikohttet	boikohttejit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
šearrát	šear'ráleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
struhpat	strubaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
oastit	oasttášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
vuohppát	vuohppájehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
iskat	iskkaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
skillat	skillaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
čoaskát	čoaskábuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
johka	joga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
ajihuvvat	ajihuvažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
deasta	deasttaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
gastit	gaste	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
áibmat	áibmet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
šieđđat	šieđašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
lohtat	lohtos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
dahkat	dahket	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
jáhkkit	jáhkkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
bieggat	bieggu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
skuvladállu	skuvladállui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ráhččat	ráhččet	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
buohccát	buohccážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
ahkáduvvat	ahkáduvvaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
soaitit	soaittášin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
lávlut	lávlubeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
buohcat	buohcabeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuorkut	vuorkubeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
ruŋkit	ruŋkkát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
fuoikit	fuike	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
buokčat	buovččaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
visti	visttiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buollit	buolášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
geaidnu	geainnuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
vátnat	vána	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
bearal	bearraliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
gazza	gaccain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
doarrut	dorošeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
smáhket	smáhkeše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
giitit	giittežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
goaivut	goaivut	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
leandit	lenddiime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
biigot	biigoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
suhkat	suhkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
beahkit	begežetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
bokset	boksežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
cuoŋománnu	cuoŋománnui	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
massit	massášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
uhkidit	uhkidivččiiga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
juksat	juksu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
gártat	gárttažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
cissat	cis'sot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
gealdit	geldet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
bárdnat	bártnaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
botnjat	bonjalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
hilgut	hilgubehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
goaivut	goivvuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
siigat	siiggaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ovccát	ovccádiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
ráddut	ráttožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
friddjamus	friddjamusa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
cuvket	cuvkejehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
biestit	bistot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
viessu	viesu	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
rahčat	ražašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
figgat	fikkaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
dáhpi	dábiin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
veadjit	vedjoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
čiekčat	čiekčabehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
snurkit	snurkkášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
čieskat	čieskkai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
gurrosit	gurroseabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
čoarrát	čoar'ráidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
njárbat	njárbadiidda	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
boltut	boltos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
álgit	álggálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bahámus	bahámusa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
čuopmat	čuomažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
gákti	gávttiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
guhkimus	guhkimusas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
abskissa	abskissain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
šaddu	šattus	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
hearvát	hearvájehkon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
agáiduvvat	agáiduvaleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
agáiduvvat	agáiduvvet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
guolbmat	guolmmažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
gilli	giliin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buoidut	buiddolin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
goalvát	goalvát	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
nohkan	nohkamiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
njoammut	njommoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
guostát	guostálit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
leabbut	leppoža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
lávlut	lávlo	V;PRS;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
loaktit	loavttán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
šlahttát	šlahttážan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
sáhttit	sáhtežan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
beroštit	beroštivččet	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
čiekčat	čikčen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
ráhččat	ráhčažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
jearaldat	jearaldahkii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
goardit	goarddán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
molljut	moljošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
goddit	gottášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
rihccut	rihcožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
muhttit	muhttet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
sáhppadit	sáhppadeappuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
lávgut	lávgguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
toarga	toarggain	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
bárdnat	bártnat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
duoldat	duoldá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
bollát	bol'lážit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
buddet	buddeše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
gahppat	gahpalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jalkát	jalkájehkoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
cáhkkat	cáhkkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
gulkat	gulkkalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čuoldit	čuoldi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
suoidni	suinniin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
čuoigat	čuoiggalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
moddját	moddjájeahkki	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
guoirat	guiret	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
báistit	báistibehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
ájáhallat	ájáhalažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
geahkat	geagašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
eadnáde	etniideatte	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
loktat	lokti	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
geahčastallat	geahčastallá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
lákcut	lávccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
šleađga	šleađgan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
albmadit	albmadivččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
čoaskát	čoaskábuin	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
heaitit	heaittášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
šealgadit	šealgadeappo	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
gaikut	gaikuba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
deallut	deal'lu	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
máisa	máissain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
duhtat	duhtaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
cadjat	cajat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
reavrut	revrrožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
giitit	giittežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
luohttit	luhtii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
čállit	čállibehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
beassat	beasažeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
arggit	arggibus	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
suotna	suonaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
geassit	geassit	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
čuođđit	čuođášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
buoibmat	buoimmaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
dadjat	dajažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
čuoigat	čuoiggai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
boltut	bolttole	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
jorrat	jorroset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
bahát	bahábuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
cáhkkat	cáhkken	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
njeazzát	njeazzájehkos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bagadit	bagadii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
boršut	borššožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
báhčit	bážii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ahki	agiin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
borrat	borašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
ambulánsa	ambulánssaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
njávkat	njávkkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vašálaččamus	vašálaččamussii	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
bahát	bahábu	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
sávvat	sávažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
čeargut	čerggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
skavdut	skavdduidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
baldalit	baldalehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
faggut	fakkoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
dásseváldi	dásseválddiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
bealli	beliiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
deabbut	deppožehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
holbi	holbbit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
čuohcat	čuozažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
fihtolaš	fihtolažžan	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
boaldit	bolddii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
borrat	boraiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
vardit	varde	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čuoldit	čuldos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čoavdit	čoavddáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vuovdit	vuovdu	V;IMP;1;DU;northern-sami
oahppáseamos	oahppásepmosiiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
geaidnu	geaidnu	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
skávgat	skávggale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ohcat	ozašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
gádjut	gájo	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
buohcat	buohcabehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
deaivat	deaivvašii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
bassat	basaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čiekčat	čievččaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
buohcat	buozalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
johtit	jođášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
reahkut	rehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
muhttit	muhtáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
áfáiduvvat	áfáiduvvet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
suhttat	suhtan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čuorvut	čurvo	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
boaibmut	boimmožan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
vealgi	velggiide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
laddat	lattaža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
ađa	ađđamiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
ekologiija	ekologiijan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
bardit	barddále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
soallut	sološeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
vuorkut	vurkkoleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
laggat	lagget	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
gaikut	gaikut	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
gahcut	gazuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
čorget	čorgeža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
mahkkit	mahkežehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
albmoneapmi	albmoneami	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
guhkki	guhkis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
gorrat	goraiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
badji	badjin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
bistit	bisttiimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
skuhrrat	skuhralit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
reavvat	reavašin	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
joatkit	jotkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
dahkat	dahkabehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
sággat	sákkaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
doaivut	doaivvun	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
beahkit	beagáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
ájáhallat	ájáhalažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
sustit	susttášeidde	V;COND;2;DU;northern-sami
guoirat	guiret	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
bohcci	bohcciid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
russat	russabehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
institušuvdna	institušuvnna	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
nordat	nordon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
eallaseamos	eallasepmosat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
ballat	bal'li	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
váddut	váddubehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
boltut	boltubeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
eadjit	eježat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
náitit	náittášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
bealuštit	bealušte	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
oidit	oiddáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
apotehka	apotehkat	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
beallji	bealji	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
goargŋut	gorkŋoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
luoitit	luittii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
cuhpat	cubaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
duogŋat	duokŋaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
njávgit	njávggežat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
viššat	viššoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
gealdit	gealddášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
loahppa	loahpas	N;PRP;SG;northern-sami
nuortalaš	nuortalaččaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
vuonccis	vuoncáin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
lohkat	logašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
loaidat	loaiddat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
cuvzat	cuvzzašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
duháhat	duháhattain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
juokŋat	juoŋažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
loaidat	loaiddažan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
heaŋgut	heŋgguiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
njuordat	njuordda	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
skilkit	skilket	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
skoahččát	skoahččáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vuoiŋŋadit	vuoiŋŋadit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
kiella	kiela	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
roandit	ronde	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
nordat	norddaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
njallat	njalaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
goikat	goikka	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
uhcci	uhcit	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
advokáhta	advokáhtii	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
ballat	ballet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
ođđajagimánnu	ođđajagimánnun	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
čirrat	čiraleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
násti	nástái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
huikit	huiket	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
máinnastit	máinnastivččiimet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
gávccát	gávccádis	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
addilit	addileidde	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
leat	leiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
bivvát	biv'vájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
amastit	amasteaččan	V;POT;1;SG;northern-sami
váibat	váibbaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
cáhkit	cágežit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
aiddostahttit	aiddostahtti	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
juorbut	jurbbuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
sirgŋat	sirkŋalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
addáladdat	addálattale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gosahit	gosahivčče	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
oahppásit	oahppáseappuin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
bearrat	beara	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
boandut	bonddolit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
geologiija	geologiija	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
sistat	sisttaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čoađgi	čođggiid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
jarfát	jarfábeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
guorbát	guorbáše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
áktit	áktibehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
riehpat	riebaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
skavdda	skavddan	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
sahát	sahášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
bealjehit	bealjeheappuiguin	ADJ;COM;PL;northern-sami
loavdit	loavdi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
bargat	barggan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
duogŋat	duogŋi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
fáskat	fáskkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
silta	silttaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
buhtis	buhttásiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
širrat	širašit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
šlahttit	šlahtežit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
čáhppadit	čáhppadeappo	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
reavvat	reavalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
arvát	arváža	V;POT;3;SG;northern-sami
čierastit	čierastit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
suohpput	suohput	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
stuorimus	stuorimusa	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
buhttáseamos	buhttásepmosiin	ADJ;COM;SG;northern-sami
suollit	suoláše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
borrat	borrot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
cuvkit	cuvket	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
vuoigit	vuiget	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čaimmas	čaibmasiidda	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
geassit	geassiba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
coggat	cokkaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bistit	bisttiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
jurbmát	jurbmážehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
guovssu	guksuin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
labmát	labmášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
máttasámegiella	máttasámegiela	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ruoŧŧa	ruoŧaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
gáhččat	gáhčalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
guoggut	gukkoleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
borrat	borret	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
máššat	mášašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
reahcci	reahccin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
vuoddját	vuoddjáidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
govdut	govddožeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
gossat	gosai	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
bilbut	bilbos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
heaŋgut	heŋggožit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
bláđđi	bláđđái	N;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
rihccut	rihccut	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
váldit	válddáleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
admirála	admirála	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
buollit	bullen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
sirdát	sirdábeahtti	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čuoskut	čuskkuime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cuhpat	cubalii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
biigot	biigoba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
báidnit	báinniime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
cadjat	cajažehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
seavdnjadit	seavdnjadebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
atoma	atomaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
aldna	alnnaiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
állát	ál'lážat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
čotta	čoddaga	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
dáhttut	dáhtošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
dipmat	dimažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
komišuvdna	komišuvdna	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
bardit	bardon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
irraseamos	irraseamos	ADJ;NOM;SG;northern-sami
bohkat	bogašeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
báffat	báfažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
boaggut	bokkuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
terminologiija	terminologiija	N;NOM;SG;northern-sami
árvidit	árvidehkot	V;IMP;1;PL;northern-sami
huhpat	huhpon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
nubbi	nuppiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
máhttit	máhtti	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
bátnedoavttir	bátnedoaktáriin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
dierbut	dirbbošit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
sohkar	sohkkariin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
jietna	jiena	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
goaikut	goikkoleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
beahkit	beahki	V;PRS;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
suoskat	suoskkalit	V;COND;2;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
njoammut	njommot	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
innovašuvdna	innovašuvnnain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
seaivut	seivoska	V;IMP;3;DU;northern-sami
njoahcut	njozoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
allodat	allodagain	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
njoahci	njoahcái	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
bivdit	bivdon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
doaivut	doivvošii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
loktat	lovttaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
máltit	málttáleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ceaggát	ceaggájehkoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
ivdnet	ivdnele	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
máhccat	máhcažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
gaskat	gaskkažetne	V;POT;1;DU;northern-sami
cillat	cille	V;PST;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
vuodjut	vujuiga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
golgadit	golgadežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
goikat	goikoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
čuorpmas	čuorbmasa	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
njirvat	njirvvaidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
lossadit	lossadeappuide	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
cuoigat	cuoigaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
jorbbas	jorbbasin	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
giksat	givssaleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ráddut	ráttuidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
šnjivvat	šnjivale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
gávpot	gávpoga	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
njárbut	njárbboleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
viggat	viggaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
vardát	vardán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
čieskat	čisket	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čulkit	čulkkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
lávlut	lávlložit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
vihttanuppelogát	vihttanuppelogádiid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
náđđut	náđđut	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
sáddet	sáddii	V;PST;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
garcut	garccolii	V;COND;3;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
fitnat	fitnat	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
agálašvuohta	agálašvuođaide	N;IN+ALL;PL;northern-sami
hieibmat	hieimmaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
suhkkát	suhkkážit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
albmanit	albmaneažžabeahtti	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
riessat	riessá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
ajihuvvat	ajihuvaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
geahkat	geagažit	V;POT;1;PL;northern-sami
suollit	sullet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
riehpat	riebažehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
lákcut	lávcco	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
gába	gáhpagiiguin	N;COM;PL;northern-sami
beahci	beziin	N;PRP;PL;northern-sami
čeargat	čergon	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
skirrát	skir'ráleigga	V;COND;3;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
albmaduvvat	albmaduvašeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
cissat	cissaše	V;COND;3;PL;northern-sami
máistit	máisttáleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
sárrat	sáraleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
čiekčat	čievččažeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
duvdit	duvddán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
reakcut	revccuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
dadjat	dajašeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
suvdit	suvdoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
dálki	dálkin	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
gielddasámegiella	gielddasámegielaid	N;ACC;PL;northern-sami
ceggosit	ceggoseabbon	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
stumpát	stumpát	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
biila	biilla	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
ruššat	rušaleidde	V;COND;2;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
adnostit	adnostan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
dávgut	dávggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
láikkit	láikkibuid	ADJ;GEN;PL;northern-sami
buktit	buktos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
dáiddár	dáiddáriin	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
siigat	siiggalin	V;COND;1;SG;LGSPEC;northern-sami
doaimmahit	doaimmaheiddet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
botnit	bonežeaba	V;POT;3;DU;northern-sami
eaidat	eaiddaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
vuoddját	vuoddjášeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
njiedjat	njidjen	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
fihtolaš	fihtolaččas	ADJ;PRP;SG;northern-sami
ajihustit	ajihustibehtet	V;PRS;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
navvit	navále	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
muohttit	muhttoset	V;IMP;3;PL;northern-sami
savvit	savvet	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
čielggas	čielgasa	ADJ;ACC;SG;northern-sami
biila	biillaid	N;GEN;PL;northern-sami
mihtidit	mihtidat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
guostát	guostášeimme	V;COND;1;DU;northern-sami
átnut	ánuide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
čohkkát	čohkkán	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
cuvket	cuvkiidet	V;PST;IND;2;PL;northern-sami
autoriseret	autoriserešeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
šlundut	šlundos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
čuoskut	čuskkožat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
dieigut	diiggoleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
eadnádet	etniineattet	N;COM;SG;northern-sami
cahkkát	cahkkášii	V;COND;3;SG;northern-sami
boandut	bondduimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
gáhččat	gáhčaide	V;PST;IND;2;DU;northern-sami
roandit	roanddášeiddet	V;COND;2;PL;northern-sami
čuođđit	čuođášit	V;COND;2;SG;northern-sami
jarfát	jarfáleiddet	V;COND;2;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
buldut	bulddut	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
geallat	gealašeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;northern-sami
gissat	gisaleimme	V;COND;1;DU;LGSPEC;northern-sami
ruoššastit	ruoššasteaba	V;PRS;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
geahčastit	geahčastežžet	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
alvvalaš	alvvalaččain	ADJ;PRP;PL;northern-sami
buldut	bulddošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
arvát	arvážehpet	V;POT;2;PL;northern-sami
molljut	moljožeahppi	V;POT;2;DU;northern-sami
čájehit	čájehivččen	V;COND;1;SG;northern-sami
bihppor	bihppora	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
viibat	viibá	V;PRS;IND;3;SG;northern-sami
čáhci	čázi	N;GEN;SG;northern-sami
gohpat	gobat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
soallut	sololeimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
mollat	molažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
gaigŋir	gaigŋira	N;ACC;SG;northern-sami
báffat	báffat	V;PRS;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
doaimmahit	doaimmahit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
čieskat	čisket	V;IMP;2;PL;northern-sami
eadniska	eadnineaskka	N;FRML;SG;northern-sami
veaddit	veaddi	V;IMP;2;DU;northern-sami
butnjat	butnjet	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
cummát	cummájin	V;PST;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
nuorra	nuorran	ADJ;FRML;SG;northern-sami
hoallat	hoalaleimmet	V;COND;1;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
bassit	bassos	V;IMP;3;SG;northern-sami
bolfát	bolfájit	V;PRS;IND;3;PL;northern-sami
laskat	laskkale	V;COND;3;PL;LGSPEC;northern-sami
nearrat	nearaime	V;PST;IND;1;DU;northern-sami
šearradit	šearradebbui	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;northern-sami
máhccut	máhcošeigga	V;COND;3;DU;northern-sami
fierrut	fiero	V;IMP;2;SG;northern-sami
normála	normálat	ADJ;NOM;PL;northern-sami
nihttit	nihtton	V;IMP;1;SG;northern-sami
amiidit	amiidan	V;PRS;IND;1;SG;northern-sami
bealuštit	bealušteigga	V;PST;IND;3;DU;northern-sami
jávkat	jávkkaimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
gillát	gil'láimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
vuosttaš	vuosttažiid	ADJ;ACC;PL;northern-sami
loaidat	loaiddažit	V;POT;3;PL;northern-sami
geahkat	geagažat	V;POT;2;SG;northern-sami
skuhrrat	skuhrat	V;PRS;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
muorji	muorjjit	N;NOM;PL;northern-sami
riggut	rikkuimet	V;PST;IND;1;PL;northern-sami
vuosttaš	vuosttaža	ADJ;GEN;SG;northern-sami
máinnastit	máinnastit	V;PST;IND;2;SG;northern-sami
maikkua	ole maikkunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
tavaramerkki	tavaramerkeiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
nauraa	naurakoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
ilmakuvata	olisit ilmakuvannut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
syyllistyä	syyllistykää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
vilkuilla	olemme vilkuilleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
sosioekonominen	sosioekonomisilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
meriantura	merianturoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
kurssilainen	kurssilaisella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
jokivarsi	jokivarsilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
elävöityä	olisi elävöitynyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
merihirviö	merihirviöitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
vihersipuli	vihersipuleiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
tarkkailu	tarkkailuna	N;FRML;SG;finnish
staalo	staaloiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
hälyttyä	älkööt hälyttykö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
nököttää	nököttäisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
hervahtaa	ei hervahtanut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
omistaa	älköön omistako	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
kausatiivi	kausatiivien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
koputus	koputus	N;NOM;SG;finnish
pulveroida	pulveroida	V;NFIN;finnish
pysäytellä	älköön pysäytelkö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
kutri	kutrissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
rokkari	rokkarilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
talkita	lienee talkittu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
jäähtyä	älköön jäähdyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
hävetä	olisi hävetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
nietostaa	emme liene nietostaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ukuli	ukulista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
räpse	räpseiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
imaginaarinen	imaginaaristen	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
kompassisuunta	kompassisuunnille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
malja	maljoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
saippuoittaa	ette saippuoita	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
agnostisuus	agnostisuudelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
mielikuvitusleikki	mielikuvitusleikeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
koukata	en koukkaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
höllentää	on höllentänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
haksahtaa	et haksahtane	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
stuntti	stuntilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
geokemia	geokemioin	N;INS;PL;finnish
norkoilla	älkäämme norkoilko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
laivastopeli	laivastopelien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
väljähtynyt	väljähtyneisiin	ADJ;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
sutia	olisin sutinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
loiskuttaa	loiskuttakoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
aaltoilla	ei ollut aaltoillut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
höpinä	höpinästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
sprintteri	sprinttereihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
kinoa	kinoassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
yltäkylläisyys	yltäkylläisyydet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
pakkanen	pakkasista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
rikkoutua	olin rikkoutunut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
kenottaa	kenotettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
drapeerata	ette drapeeranneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
järkeistää	älköön järkeistettäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
heavyrock	heavyrockeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
emigroitua	älkäämme emigroituko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
pullahtaa	olen pullahtanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
tankata	ei tankata	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
impata	ette imppaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
hiirestää	lienemme hiirestäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
professorinvirka	professorinviroilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
yksilöllistyä	en ole yksilöllistynyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
syrjiä	lienet syrjinyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
mennä myttyyn	menivät myttyyn	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
haukotuttaa	haukotutti	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
nauliutua	eivät nauliutune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
humpata	lienemme humpanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
näkemys	näkemyksenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
piina	piinaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
jollottaa	jollotettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
sukupuoliobjekti	sukupuoliobjektille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
luddiitti	luddiitti	N;ACC;SG;finnish
hiekkasärkkä	hiekkasärkkiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
maileri	maileriksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
alamitta	alamittoina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
ystävyyskaupunki	ystävyyskaupunkeja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
häikäistyä	älköön olko häikäistytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
hyperboloidi	hyperboloidia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
raateluhammas	raateluhampailla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
atmosfääri	atmosfäärissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
turmeltua	ette olisi turmeltuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
sivuovi	sivuovea	N;PRT;SG;finnish
täky	täky	N;NOM;SG;finnish
suojavarustus	suojavarustuksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
sievetä	eivät olisi sievenneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
menettää tajuntansa	menettäkää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
diplomaatti	diplomaatille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
pukkaus	pukkaukset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
viskatša	viskatšoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
kiimainen	kiimaisella	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
neitseellisyys	neitseellisyydellä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
ammua	ei liene ammuttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
mindanaonrottasiili	mindanaonrottasiileiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
kaoni	kaonia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
sortaa	en ole sortanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
valokuvata	valokuvaava	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
moninaistua	moninaistuit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
hokea	lienen hokenut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
lipuke	lipukkeelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
nimetä	älkäämme olko nimenneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
kaikenlainen	kaikenlaisiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
vaatimustenmukainen	vaatimustenmukaisin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
lämmönjohtavuus	lämmönjohtavuuksissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
noteerata	noteerasin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
alasaranoitu	alasaranoiduin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
mädäntyä	mädännytään	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
unkarin kieli	unkarin kieli	N;NOM;SG;finnish
pyörittää	ette pyörittäisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
loiskunta	loiskunta	N;ACC;SG;finnish
vanuttaa	olisitte vanuttaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
kryofysiikka	kryofysiikalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
neva	nevoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
dumpperi	dumpperille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ellottaa	ei ellotettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
huokoistua	olimme huokoistuneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
opastaa	oli opastettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
parapsykologi	parapsykologeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
mehustua	mehustui	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
koivikko	koivikkoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
liberaalistua	ei ole liberaalistunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
muistojuhla	muistojuhlaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
bagelrinkeli	bagelrinkeleille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
makrilli	makrillille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
editoida	et editoinut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
opponentti	opponenttiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
solvata	solvatkoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
aamunkoite	aamunkoitteet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
lakittaa	ette olisi lakittaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
kamarineito	kamarineidot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
yhdensuuntaistaa	ei olisi yhdensuuntaistanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
hölkyttää	on hölkytetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
hirsinen	hirsisestä	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
aivosto	aivostoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
läjätä	olkaamme läjänneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
sähkölaitos	sähkölaitos	N;ACC;SG;finnish
tehota	tehota	V;NFIN;finnish
loistorapu	loistorapujen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
heksadesimaalijärjestelmä	heksadesimaalijärjestelmät	N;NOM;PL;finnish
aaltopelti	aaltopelteinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
jättöreuna	jättöreunat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
legalisoida	ei olisi legalisoitu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
pulahtaa	olen pulahtanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
ylävatsa	ylävatsojen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
pilata	ei pilanne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
abhaasintaa	ei abhaasintaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
huuhdella	et huuhdellut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
tuskastella	tuskasteltaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
patriarkka	patriarkan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
paeta	olivat paenneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
prosentiton	prosentiton	N;ACC;SG;finnish
rentous	rentous	N;NOM;SG;finnish
vaikertaa	vaikerramme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ooppera	oopperoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
oikeuskäsittely	oikeuskäsittelyittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
sivilisoitua	sivilisoiduttaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
tekaista	ei tekaisse	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
liikahdella	ette liikahdelle	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
asevelvollisuus	asevelvollisuus	N;NOM;SG;finnish
nenänielun tulehdus	nenänielun tulehduksessa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
sakkauttaa	olivat sakkauttaneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
ainoa	ainoissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
raahata	raahaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
akkukäyttöinen	akkukäyttöiset	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
adneksiitti	adneksiiteista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
leyhyä	leyhynet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
kehua	et kehu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
siivilöidä	olimme siivilöineet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
polo	polona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
ps-tili	ps-tilit	N;NOM;PL;finnish
yskiä	et ole yskinyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
yksipuolistaa	emme yksipuolistaneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
talari	talarein	N;INS;PL;finnish
kurjistaa	olit kurjistanut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
kulmasekunti	kulmasekunnit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
ketjuutua	älkää olko ketjuutuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
oikeudenkäyntiavustaja	oikeudenkäyntiavustajitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
äksyillä	emme olleet äksyilleet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
hiostuttaa	eivät olleet hiostuttaneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
tsakma	tsakmoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
sisentää	emme sisentäne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
galapagosinmerikarhu	galapagosinmerikarhuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
yhteisöllisyys	yhteisöllisyyksien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
vuokrasopimus	vuokrasopimuksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
muiskauttaa	muiskauttanemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
karbokysteiini	karbokysteiineillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
karikoida	en ollut karikoinut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
kuntoilija	kuntoilijan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
jalkapalloliiga	jalkapalloliigat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
tiuskia	olit tiuskinut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
kairaus	kairaukseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
autuuttaa	et ole autuuttanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
torakka	torakassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
vihertää	viherrettävä	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
roihahtaa	en liene roihahtanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
ryöstää	eivät olleet ryöstäneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
vehkeillä	olette vehkeilleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
vinoviiva	vinoviivat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
hyljintä	hyljinnästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
sokeroida	sokeroin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
sukupuoliyhteys lähisukulaisten kesken	sukupuoliyhteydeksi lähi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
bailata	bailannemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
sotilaallistaa	ei liene sotilaallistettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
kompura	kompuroilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
sekoilla	ei ole sekoillut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
saapuneet-laatikko	saapuneet-laatikoilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
nitroglyseriini	nitroglyseriineinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
assyrialainen	assyrialaista	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
päkistää	päkistäisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
suotaa	suodettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
elimenluovuttaja	elimenluovuttaja	N;ACC;SG;finnish
sähkövero	sähköveroksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
lapaluu	lapaluista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
liimoite	liimoitteineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
muiskauttaa	muiskautettaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
regeneraatio	regeneraatiolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
angoravilla	angoravilloilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
onomatopoieettinen	onomatopoieettisin	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
kiinnostua	lienette kiinnostuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
aski	askista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
hyökkäysuhka	hyökkäysuhat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kaaviokuva	kaaviokuvin	N;INS;PL;finnish
lehmänlanta	lehmänlantoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
parhaimmisto	parhaimmiston	N;GEN;SG;finnish
terveyspalvelu	terveyspalvelun	N;GEN;SG;finnish
siperialainen	siperialaisella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
cover	coverille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
tulenarka	tulenaralle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
vesipisara	vesipisarasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
bulla	bullilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
kasetoida	kasetoitakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
kääntää	ei ole kääntänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
rastittaa	lienet rastittanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
ruoskija	ruoskijassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
epäröinti	epäröinnille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
suoristautua	ei ollut suoristauduttu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
heikota	olin heikonnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
akusto	akustoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
vektori	vektoreista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
halkaista	halkaisee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
halailla	halailkaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
lisensioida	ei lisensioine	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
patarouva	patarouva	N;NOM;SG;finnish
kantio	kantioista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
orkesterikappale	orkesterikappaleineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
valitusaika	valitusajalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
freesata	et ollut freesannut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
germaaniheimo	germaaniheimo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
erkaantua	erkaantunen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
sukkiinihappo	sukkiinihapoiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
juurikassokeri	juurikassokeria	N;PRT;SG;finnish
leventää	eivät leventäisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
violisti	violisteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
sarjakuva-albumi	sarjakuva-albumit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kuninkaanmurha	kuninkaanmurhat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
mullistaa	et mullistane	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
ekspressionismi	ekspressionismeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
kolttasaamelainen	kolttasaamelaisessa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
neulasto	neulastolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
lohjeta	oli lohjettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
rukata	ovat rukanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
merivoimat	merivoimilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
protestilaulu	protestilauluihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
arboristi	arboristin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
päätellä	ei päättele	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
narkolepsia	narkolepsioille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
temppuilla	olkoon temppuillut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
palauttaa mieleensä	ei palautettaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
kermajäätelö	kermajäätelöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
demilitarisoida	ei ollut demilitarisoitu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
tuotekehittely	tuotekehittelyä	N;PRT;SG;finnish
genitaaliherpes	genitaaliherpesten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tinktuuri	tinktuureilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
moduloida	olisimme moduloineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
mitellä	mittelisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
tukahtua	ei tukahduta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
eristää	eristänet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
boolimalja	boolimaljassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
vapahtaa	vapahdettaisiin	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;finnish
unirytmi	unirytmissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
frakki	frakeista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
kvintiili	kvintiileissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
italialaistua	emme ole italialaistuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
rypäs	rypäs	N;ACC;SG;finnish
ripuloida	eivät liene ripuloineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
painokas	painokkaissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
käydä käsiksi	käynemme käsiksi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
ottoveli	ottoveli	N;NOM;SG;finnish
hankaloitua	on hankaloitunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
kansoittaa	eivät olisi kansoittaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
swap	swapia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
mokailla	olkaamme mokailleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
määräpäivä	määräpäivänä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
hiirenloukku	hiirenloukuille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
kasvattaa	en ole kasvattanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
sojottaa	ei ole sojotettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
kolkkapoika	kolkkapojat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
säppi	säpit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kielellinen	kielellisillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
palsta	palsta	N;ACC;SG;finnish
hirsitalo	hirsitalotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
rikostekninen	rikosteknisittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
liikarakentaa	lienette liikarakentaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
flopata	emme olisi flopanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
varmentaa	en olisi varmentanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
nipistin	nipistimissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
korjailla	eivät ole korjailleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
sillanpää	sillanpäineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
birgittalainen	birgittalaisista	ADJ;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
ydinasesopimus	ydinasesopimuksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
itkeskellä	olkaamme itkeskelleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
saita	saitaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
slummi	slummi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
venähtää	venähdettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
draamapedagogiikka	draamapedagogiikoilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
ennakkoluuloisuus	ennakkoluuloisuuksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
höyrytellä	ette ole höyrytelleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
floppityyli	floppityylissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
torvisoittokunta	torvisoittokuntaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
kermoa	et ollut kermonut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
hyytää	ole hyytänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
rehevöittää	ei olisi rehevöittänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
polio	polioilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
länkisäärinen	länkisääristen	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
ihala	ihalaa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
ensisijaistaa	emme olleet ensisijaistaneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
muumioitua	älkäämme olko muumioituneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
tietokonekieli	tietokonekielistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
akkautua	akkaudu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
suostumus	suostumuksiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
nukkumatti	nukkumattia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
äkääntyä	oli äkääntynyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
digikuvaus	digikuvauksista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
lapsihalvaus	lapsihalvauksena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
nokeentua	eivät nokeentuneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
laivastonsininen	laivastonsinisittä	ADJ;PRIV;PL;finnish
foorumikeskustelu	foorumikeskustelut	N;NOM;PL;finnish
pimetä	pimenitte	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
hirttäjäiset	hirttäjäisiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
breikkaus	breikkaukseen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
häpyluu	häpyluutta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
kuhkia	emme olleet kuhkineet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
tweedhame	tweedhame	N;ACC;SG;finnish
huushollata	olin huushollannut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
raakapuu	raakapuusta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
detektori	detektorien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
kipinöidä	ei olisi kipinöity	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
pinnallistua	oli pinnallistunut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
kansalaistottelemattomuus	kansalaistottelemattomuuteen	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
liekittää	liekittänet	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
ordinaaliluku	ordinaaliluku	N;NOM;SG;finnish
hohkata	hohkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
känistä	et ollut känissyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
saatella	saateltaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
jyskyttää	en olisi jyskyttänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
peeärrä	peeärrälle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
grafemiikka	grafemiikoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
häiritsevä	häiritsevältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
sakeuttaa	sakeutettiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
violetti	violetein	N;INS;PL;finnish
poikkaista	ei liene poikkaissut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;SG;finnish
sihdata	sihdattakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
rahtu	rahtu	N;NOM;SG;finnish
valitella	valittelivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
kansantasavalta	kansantasavallatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
modulaattori	modulaattoreilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
kurri	kurreissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
shoppailla	olet shoppaillut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
deejii	deejiihin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
sisämaavaltio	sisämaavaltioiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
sätkynukke	sätkynuken	N;GEN;SG;finnish
umpeuttaa	emme umpeuttaneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
hienoudet	hienouksia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
lievittyä	lievittykäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
riippua	olemme riippuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
palkkasotilas	palkkasotilaalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
lehmähaikara	lehmähaikaroita	N;PRT;PL;finnish
hienopuuseppä	hienopuuseppään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
mahtailla	en ollut mahtaillut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
revalvoitua	et liene revalvoitunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
kesyttämätön	kesyttämättömän	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
austeniitti	austeniiteille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
kermoa	eivät kermoneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
kihota	kihotkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
jahnata	emme liene jahnanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
putkimato	putkimadolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
maku	maussa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
herua	emme olisi heruneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
tutkimusmatkailija	tutkimusmatkailijoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
altistua	altistukaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
helmivene	helmiveneet	N;NOM;PL;finnish
hyljeksiä	olit hyljeksinyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
puhuttelija	puhuttelijoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ryömiä	eivät olisi ryömineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
pienviljelijä	pienviljelijöille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
harmentua	et ollut harmentunut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
omenaleivos	omenaleivoksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
rämeikkö	rämeiköillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
etyylialkoholi	etyylialkoholeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
selli	sellein	N;INS;PL;finnish
valikoitua	lienemme valikoituneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
tyrmistyttää	tyrmistytettäköön	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
salakuljettaa	emme liene salakuljettaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
leijonaseitikki	leijonaseitikeille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
haljakin	haljakimpine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
korva-, nenä- ja kurkkutautioppi	korva-, nenä- ja kurkkutautiopit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
sialma	sialmalle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
torninosturi	torninostureilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
laktovegetaristi	laktovegetaristilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
körtti	körtille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
veitsituki	veitsitukien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
solmisaatio	solmisaatiolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
pietsosähköinen	pietsosähköiseksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
etninen	etnisiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
puuduttaa	puudutettava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
häilyä	emme olisi häilyneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
formalisoida	formalisoikoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
testamentata	olit testamentannut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
foksterrieri	foksterriereihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
viherpeippo	viherpeipot	N;NOM;PL;finnish
peuhata	älköön olko peuhattu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
halventaa	halventakaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
kristallipallo	kristallipalloksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
myöntää	myöntäisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
viherlevä	viherleväksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
flyygeli	flyygelille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
kontata	olisi kontattu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
vääntäytyä	älkää vääntäytykö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
liberalisoida	olin liberalisoinut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
kaapeloida	eivät olleet kaapeloineet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
sisustuskangas	sisustuskankaat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
afrikantöyhtöhyyppä	afrikantöyhtöhyypällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
oikeustieteen kandidaatti	oikeustieteen kandidaattia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
olake	olakkeisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
varpapurje	varpapurjeena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
prinsessa	prinsessoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
kerronta	kerronnan	N;GEN;SG;finnish
likaantua	olette likaantuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
keventyä	ole keventynyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
vuokrattava	vuokrattavat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
panssarinyrkki	panssarinyrkit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
appivanhemmat	appivanhempiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
pelästyä	lienee pelästytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
käkö	käöissä	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
liikarakentaa	ei liikarakennettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
kiinnostua	ovat kiinnostuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
stannioli	stanniolille	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
sievistyä	oli sievistynyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
gambialainen	gambialaiset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
myrkkypistin	myrkkypistimettä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
laskostettu	laskostetuksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
listautumisanti	listautumisanneille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
normaalistua	ole normaalistunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
teatterikiikari	teatterikiikarit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
korkeusvakain	korkeusvakaimia	N;PRT;PL;finnish
kadaveriini	kadaveriinien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
sanforoida	ette sanforoi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
laine	laineisiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
käsipallo	käsipalloina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
raottua	on raottunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
pakaralihas	pakaralihaksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
militantti	militantitta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
lasinleikkuri	lasinleikkureilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
autosomaalinen	autosomaalisia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
dokumenttidraama	dokumenttidraamoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
koskettaa	kosketat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
makeuttaa	älkää olko makeuttaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
pöyhkeilevä	pöyhkeilevältä	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
monistua	monistuttu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
zimbabwelainen	zimbabwelaisissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
huhkia	en huhkisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
vanttera	vantteraa	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
naurahdella	naurahdeltakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
raahaantua	en raahaantune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
apupyörä	apupyörien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tehdä tiettäväksi	ette olleet tehneet tiettäväksi	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
aplikoida	olemme aplikoineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
pantheon	pantheoneiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
irtisanoa	lienet irtisanonut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;SG;finnish
vesittyä	vesittyä	V;NFIN;finnish
jurottaa	ei jurottanut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
padota	padota	V;NFIN;finnish
kaivertaa	emme kaivertaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
lakoninen	lakoniselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
piirtää	piirtää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
vihanneskasvi	vihanneskasviksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
nalkuttaa	olette nalkuttaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
tuhkapitoinen	tuhkapitoinen	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
alasaranoitu	alasaranoitua	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
nikkelisulfaatti	nikkelisulfaatein	N;INS;PL;finnish
toti	toteitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
heraldikko	heraldikkona	N;FRML;SG;finnish
pursua	ette olleet pursuneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
tuumailla	älä ole tuumaillut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
heilahdusaika	heilahdusajoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
luettelo	luettelotta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
pilkistää	emme pilkistäneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
säilytys	säilytyksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
hygieenikko	hygieenikoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
skandalisoida	emme skandalisoineet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
antropologia	antropologiana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
kehittää	kehitit	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
teknologiateollisuus	teknologiateollisuuksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
levittyä	levityttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
dokumentoida	ei liene dokumentoitu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
isoamyylinitriitti	isoamyylinitriitissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jahdata	ovat jahdanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
saastuttaa	lienemme saastuttaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
sulka	sulkana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
kurjempi	kurjemmalle	ADJ;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
mäiskyä	mäiskytty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
pakkoluovuttaa	en pakkoluovuttanut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
siristä	siristä	V;NFIN;finnish
hyristä	hyriset	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
sukuloida	eivät sukuloisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
hermostomyrkky	hermostomyrkyltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
nolo	nolona	ADJ;FRML;SG;finnish
ratagolf	ratagolfeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
brunssi	brunsseineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
hiilidioksidipäästö	hiilidioksidipäästöön	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
bussi	bussein	N;INS;PL;finnish
sekalainen	sekalaisina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
ohjastaa	ohjastakaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
veneenrakentaja	veneenrakentajaa	N;PRT;SG;finnish
strategia	strategioin	N;INS;PL;finnish
ylimenoaika	ylimenoajalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
riemastuttava	riemastuttavalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
gallialainen	gallialainen	N;NOM;SG;finnish
pestautua	lienevät pestautuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
pajupilli	pajupilleiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
pakonopeus	pakonopeuksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
korsi	korsilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
mikrofilmata	älkäämme olko mikrofilmanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
närästää	eivät närästä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
oppia	ei oppinut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
sorvari	sorvariksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
kampata	kamppasimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
hypellä	et liene hypellyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
seurustella	emme seurustelisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;PL;finnish
universaalistua	universaalistuttava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
yhdentää	yhdentäkäämme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
rintaperillinen	rintaperillisen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
rumentaa	älä ole rumentanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
ankeroinen	ankeroisten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
yleinen	yleisine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
sukkapuikko	sukkapuikko	N;NOM;SG;finnish
kovettaa	olkoon kovettanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
kehunta	kehunnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
shoppailu	shoppailulla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
jomottaa	ei jomotettu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
uskonoppi	uskonopeitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
inhiboida	inhiboidaan	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;finnish
syrinks	syrinks	N;ACC;SG;finnish
petollisuus	petollisuutena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
yrtti	yrtin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
nuutata	älkäämme nuutatko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
tykätä	olin tykännyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
poltella	polttelimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
ampuminen	ampumisista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
sanforoida	älkööt olko sanforoineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
määrätön	määrättöminä	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
liikennöidä	älköön olko liikennöinyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
byte	byteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
työkalupakki	työkalupakeilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
luikerrella	olin luikerrellut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
meikkivoide	meikkivoiteesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
kikertää	eivät kikertäne	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
matemaattistaa	on matemaattistettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
löyhdyttää	löyhdytetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
huimaava	huimaavat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
pikavoitto	pikavoitolle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
sotilasliittoutuma	sotilasliittoutumassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
abortoida	abortoikaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
slumpata	et slumppaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
atomikello	atomikelloina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
kiistellä	kiistelisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
vuosiloma	vuosilomilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
tuupata	en olisi tuupannut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
kehua	olimme kehuneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
irrotella	olisit irrotellut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
kehrätä	en kehrää	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
puhjeta	ei olisi puhjennut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
harhama	harhamaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
omanilainen	omanilaiselle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ujompi	ujompi	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
poikkeava	poikkeavaan	ADJ;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
asetyylisalisyylihappo	asetyylisalisyylihapoille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
saalinki	saalingin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
albumiini	albumiineissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
transplantoida	ei olisi transplantoitu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
altistua	altistuttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
harmahtaa	älkäämme harmahtako	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
sulkea	ette sulkeneet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
ennakoida	lienette ennakoineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
tyrkkiä	tyrkin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
vierailla	emme olleet vierailleet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
partioida	ette partioi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
tempera	temperatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
äänestyskoppi	äänestyskopissa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
häpyhuuli	häpyhuulesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
vuotaa	emme ole vuotaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
heristyä	älkööt heristykö	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;finnish
harmonistua	ei harmonistu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
roiskua	älkää olko roiskuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
kiikastaa	älkää kiikastako	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
kognitiotiede	kognitiotietein	N;INS;PL;finnish
vähä-älyisyys	vähä-älyisyyksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
floppityyli	floppityylillä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
lyhythäntäkenguru	lyhythäntäkenguruista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
vierittää	älkää olko vierittäneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
kuivuminen	kuivumisten	N;GEN;PL;finnish
säyne	säyne	N;ACC;SG;finnish
kylpytakki	kylpytakeissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
siivilöidä	eivät siivilöisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
puhutella	älkäämme olko puhutelleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
kuontua	kuontukoot	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;finnish
kaikkitietävä	kaikkitietävällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
pelletoida	pelletoivat	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
huuli	huulissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
funtsia	funtsisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
kiuaskivi	kiuaskivien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
tavallisempi	tavallisemman	ADJ;GEADJ;SG;finnish
roskata	eivät liene roskanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
analsiitti	analsiitit	N;ACC;PL;finnish
rähjätä	olitte rähjänneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
miinanraivaus	miinanraivauksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
ahtautuma	ahtautumille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
baarinpitäjä	baarinpitäjä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
velkoja	velkoja	N;NOM;SG;finnish
viisain	viisaimmilla	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
seurannaisvaikutus	seurannaisvaikutukselta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
harmaalokki	harmaalokkeineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
sianliha	sianlihoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
piehtaroida	olisi piehtaroinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
tieteisleffa	tieteisleffaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
urakoida	älköön urakoiko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;finnish
huhtoa	en huhtonut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
puistoherkkusieni	puistoherkkusieninä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
kitua	kiduttakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
menestymätön	menestymätön	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
ylevöittää	ylevöitän	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
blogata	en olisi blogannut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
gangliosolu	gangliosoluun	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
priorisoida	ei ole priorisoinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
aasintamma	aasintammat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
varustautua	olisi varustautunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
haksahdus	haksahduksilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
taitolento	taitolennoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
eksterni	eksternit	ADJ;NOM;PL;finnish
väestöpyramidi	väestöpyramidein	N;INS;PL;finnish
homotopia	homotopioineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
tummentaa	on tummennettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
vannehtia	ei olisi vannehtinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
lainehtia	olen lainehtinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
kosmeettinen	kosmeettisesta	ADJ;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
fraktiointi	fraktiointi	N;NOM;SG;finnish
nyökkäillä	lienevät nyökkäilleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
vietti	vietissä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
pitkänomainen	pitkänomainen	ADJ;ACC;SG;finnish
terska	terskatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
säkenöidä	olkaa säkenöineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
vandalisoida	olisi vandalisoinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
ruiskaista	ei ruiskaissut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
purjekerta	purjekerroissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
ajattaa	eivät olisi ajattaneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
päähenkilö	päähenkilöjen	N;GEN;PL;finnish
radikalisoitua	radikalisoidutte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
kehua	olisi kehuttu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;finnish
paakkuuntua	paakkuunnun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
sardelli	sardellien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
mielikuvitusmaa	mielikuvitusmaassa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
sademäärä	sademäärässä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
brovninki	brovningein	N;INS;PL;finnish
kivennuoliainen	kivennuoliaisissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
virallistua	ei virallistuttu	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;finnish
yksikköympyrä	yksikköympyrältä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
kvantittaa	ette kvantittaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;2;PL;finnish
paranormaali	paranormaalilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
nokikolari	nokikolarien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
lepikkorousku	lepikkorouskuista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
akantappaja	akantappajat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
apupyörä	apupyörät	N;ACC;PL;finnish
haploidi	haploidein	ADJ;INS;PL;finnish
puuvapaa	puuvapaiksi	ADJ;TRANS;PL;finnish
hupsia	et olisi hupsinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;2;SG;finnish
naksua	emme naksune	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
ristipistotyö	ristipistotöiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
houkuttua	olkoon houkuttunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
miksata	miksannee	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
sukuloida	sukuloimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
havahduttaa	olin havahduttanut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
vaapertaa	on vaapertanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
rätkäistä	rätkäissevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
leventyä	levennyttäneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
peilailla	ette peilaille	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
teknokratia	teknokratiat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
spesifioida	olisimme spesifioineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
jännittää	ei jännitetä	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;finnish
ylikuormitus	ylikuormituksitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
nyrkkeilyhansikas	nyrkkeilyhansikasta	N;PRT;SG;finnish
siitake	siitakkeella	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
propyleenioksidi	propyleenioksideissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
loikoilla	loikoiltava	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;finnish
vähimmäisraja	vähimmäisrajat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
kiemurteleva	kiemurtelevalla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
hoidattaa	älköön olko hoidatettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
kideradio	kideradioon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
tselada	tseladoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
horisontaalitaso	horisontaalitasoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
kyetä	kykenevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
hiustenhalkoja	hiustenhalkojalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
svengata	älköön svengattako	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
jyrsintä	jyrsintöinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
nukutusaine	nukutusaineilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
kaikkiruokainen	kaikkiruokaisesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
vetistellä	emme vetistelleet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
munuaispyramidi	munuaispyramideilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
muistilehtiö	muistilehtiössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
jäädä kiinni	lienevät jääneet kiinni	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
säestää	ei liene säestetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
nuokahdella	on nuokahdeltu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
kohdun kaavinta	kohdun kaavinnalla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
irrota	olin irronnut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
pampattaa	et pampattane	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;2;SG;finnish
bourgogneviini	bourgogneviinin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
sairaus	sairautena	N;FRML;SG;finnish
kriteeri	kriteereistä	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
paperihaava	paperihaavoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
yltää	et ollut yltänyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
teljetä	emme olleet teljenneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
pelata	älkää olko pelanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
sosiaalistaa	olkoon sosiaalistanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
fajanssi	fajansseiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
tennispelaaja	tennispelaajina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
turinoida	turinoikaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;finnish
kirnupiimä	kirnupiimiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
tilkku	tilkuiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
aallottaa	aallotimme	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
goottilainen	goottilaisille	ADJ;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
viittoa	emme viittone	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
mekkala	mekkaloille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
taisteluhansikas	taisteluhansikkaasta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
vetistää	olkoon vetistänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
anatominen	anatomisina	ADJ;FRML;PL;finnish
johtuminen	johtuminen	N;ACC;SG;finnish
fokusointi	fokusoinneilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
hippunen	hippusiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
tervautua	tervautuisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
kiinankaali	kiinankaali	N;ACC;SG;finnish
geokorona	geokoronoitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
jyristellä	ette liene jyristelleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
lingvistiikka	lingvistiikat	N;ACC;PL;finnish
suomuinen	suomuisissa	ADJ;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
poistua	poistuttaneen	V;PASS;PRS;POS;POT;finnish
kivertyä	olin kivertynyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
neitonen	neitosina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
isovanhempi	isovanhemmissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
hyötää	en hyötäisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
murustaa	en liene murustanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
eksymä	eksymän	N;GEN;SG;finnish
säännötön	säännöttömillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
harjoittaa	eivät harjoita	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
taamoa	taamoisivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;finnish
retikkaseitikki	retikkaseitikkinä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
sotkeutua	sotkeutuisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
mikrobiologia	mikrobiologioin	N;INS;PL;finnish
epäuskottava	epäuskottavatta	ADJ;PRIV;SG;finnish
onnenpyörä	onnenpyörällä	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
taskukello	taskukelloilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
salsa	salsoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
uudenaikaistaa	uudenaikaistavat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
kampaaja	kampaajista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
instituutio	instituutioksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
vedenneito	vedenneito	N;NOM;SG;finnish
ponnistautua	olivat ponnistautuneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;finnish
niuketa	olimme niukenneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
liikennöidä	liikennöinevät	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
souketa	soukettakoon	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;finnish
luottamushenkilö	luottamushenkilöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
aitolepakko	aitolepakkoineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
ahdinparta	ahdinparralla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
reaalisosialistinen	reaalisosialistisilta	ADJ;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
takaseinä	takaseinä	N;ACC;SG;finnish
tehosekoitin	tehosekoittimilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
kuvittaminen	kuvittamiset	N;NOM;PL;finnish
muovata	ei muovattaisi	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;finnish
dosetti	dosettia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
tieteiselokuva	tieteiselokuvilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
kidukset	kiduksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
kämmätä	ei ollut kämmännyt	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
sävykäs	sävykkäillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
sorea	sorealla	ADJ;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
kiipeillä	ei ollut kiipeilty	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
taipumus	taipumuksetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
spesifioida	älkää olko spesifioineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
häkeltyä	häkellyttiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
ohjelmanumero	ohjelmanumeroilta	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
tetrahydrofuraani	tetrahydrofuraaneitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
kotkata	ei kotkannut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
lambdakalkyyli	lambdakalkyylein	N;INS;PL;finnish
nöyrtyä	on nöyrrytty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
lume	lumein	N;INS;PL;finnish
eroottisin	eroottisimmalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
emiirikunta	emiirikuntiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
tarkentaa	ole tarkentanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
tylstyä	tylstynemme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;PL;finnish
öljytyöläinen	öljytyöläiset	N;ACC;PL;finnish
komeampi	komeammaksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
eksistoida	en eksistoine	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
takuta	takunnevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;3;PL;finnish
taklaus	taklauksiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
ravustaa	eivät olleet ravustaneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
tieteenteoria	tieteenteorioihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
homo	homoon	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
painoton	painottomassa	ADJ;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
punoutua	älä punoudu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
sammuttaa	lienen sammuttanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
tienvarsipommi	tienvarsipommia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
järjestysluku	järjestyslukuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
repeillä	älköön olko repeilty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
heltyä	olen heltynyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
laskuttaa	ei ole laskutettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
aasimaisuus	aasimaisuuksineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
puoliintumisaika	puoliintumisajat	N;NOM;PL;finnish
naukata	en naukkaisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
kaistale	kaistaleelle	N;AT+ALL;SG;finnish
ammatillistua	lienette ammatillistuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;2;PL;finnish
liikahtaa	ei ole liikahdettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
lannistumattomuus	lannistumattomuuksin	N;INS;PL;finnish
märehtiminen	märehtimisiä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
pestata	en ollut pestannut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
ilmeittää	ei liene ilmeitetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
pahoinpidellä	olkaamme pahoinpidelleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;1;PL;finnish
natriumdisulfiitti	natriumdisulfiittina	N;FRML;SG;finnish
aromaattinen	aromaattisten	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
tihkua	älä ole tihkunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;SG;finnish
lennonjohtaja	lennonjohtajitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
kirkkokansa	kirkkokansaan	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
kytätä	en olisi kytännyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
leveillä	leveili	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
kiiriä	en liene kiirinyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
lämmittää	lienee lämmitetty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;finnish
aktinidi	aktinideilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
betonirakenne	betonirakenteen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
sokkohiiri	sokkohiirenä	N;FRML;SG;finnish
kalvotulehdus	kalvotulehduksille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
näyttelyesine	näyttelyesineet	N;ACC;PL;finnish
plonkata	plonkattiin	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;finnish
ympäröivä	ympäröivillä	ADJ;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
martensiitti	martensiittia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
anglosaksi	anglosaksin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
ruokailu	ruokailuineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
mitta	mitatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
jaos	jaos	N;ACC;SG;finnish
supista	olimme supisseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
lumeavioliitto	lumeavioliitoista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
pullovesi	pullovesillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
nelinkertaistaa	oli nelinkertaistettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
kastroida	olkoon kastroinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
muuttaja	muuttajitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
parfymoida	en parfymoisi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;COND;1;SG;finnish
baitata	baittaa	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
salvostaa	olitte salvostaneet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;finnish
romanimies	romanimies	N;ACC;SG;finnish
dementoida	ei liene dementoitu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;finnish
intoutua	eivät liene intoutuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;3;PL;finnish
eliö	eliöt	N;NOM;PL;finnish
taitekatto	taitekatoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
pointillistinen	pointillistisine	ADJ;COM;PL;finnish
plussata	en liene plussannut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
berkelium	berkeliumiksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
kiekaista	älkäämme kiekaisko	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;finnish
tuhria	en liene tuhrinut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
proopuska	proopuskana	N;FRML;SG;finnish
haili	haileitta	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
kantata	kanttaisit	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;finnish
hompsottaa	oli hompsotettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;finnish
maastopalo	maastopalot	N;ACC;PL;finnish
hajautus	hajautuksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
fasadi	fasadista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
graviteetti	graviteeteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
bulvaaniyhtiö	bulvaaniyhtiössä	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
mantelihappo	mantelihappo	N;ACC;SG;finnish
kysäistä	emme kysäisseet	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
sokaistua	sokaistukoon	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
wokata	wokkaamme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
kalsiumnitraatti	kalsiumnitraatteihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
eksonyymi	eksonyymittä	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
kävelyttää	on kävelyttänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
läppä	läpästä	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
hyrskiä	ei hyrskinyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
kasuta	kasuaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
radikaalistaa	ei ollut radikaalistettu	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
metaanihappo	metaanihapossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
käppyrä	käppyröille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
reivata	olisimme reivanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
hapertua	hapertunen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
episodi	episodien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
haravoida	olisimme haravoineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
erbium	erbiumiin	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
henkiparannus	henkiparannuksina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
laskea	lasken	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
lentää	olisi lentänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
lime	limen	N;GEN;SG;finnish
kaivertaa	älköön olko kaiverrettu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;finnish
ylämaa	ylämaissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
laosilainen	laosilaisia	ADJ;PRT;PL;finnish
vaistota	ei olisi vaistonnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;SG;finnish
hevoskuuri	hevoskuureja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
ekliptika	ekliptikaksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
pianotuoli	pianotuolista	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
fossiilistua	fossiilistui	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
kesipuoli	kesipuoletta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
kalibroida	ei kalibroinut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
huolimaton	huolimattomat	ADJ;ACC;PL;finnish
maastoutua	emme liene maastoutuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;PL;finnish
fanerogaami	fanerogaamein	N;INS;PL;finnish
imperialismi	imperialismi	N;ACC;SG;finnish
soijapapu	soijapapuihin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
kuuloetäisyys	kuuloetäisyydeltä	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
erotella	lienen erotellut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;1;SG;finnish
ravistaa	olkoon ravistanut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;3;SG;finnish
variaabeli	variaabelilta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
mukiloida	eivät olisi mukiloineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;3;PL;finnish
sokeentua	olemme sokeentuneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;finnish
typeryys	typeryyksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
ramaista	eivät olleet ramaisseet	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;3;PL;finnish
ula	ula	N;NOM;SG;finnish
resupekka	resupekatta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
kertosäe	kertosäkeitä	N;PRT;PL;finnish
palkki	palkkia	N;PRT;SG;finnish
keittiökaappi	keittiökaapilla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
kivettyä	en kivettynyt	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
viherpeippo	viherpeippoja	N;PRT;PL;finnish
kohahtaa	oli kohahtanut	V;ACT;PST;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
riistäytyä	riistäytyvä	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;finnish
helisyttää	helisyttäisimme	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
vollottaa	ei vollotettane	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;POT;finnish
mineraaliesiintymä	mineraaliesiintymiin	N;IN+ALL;PL;finnish
kardaani	kardaanien	N;GEN;PL;finnish
kursivoida	ette liene kursivoineet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
pyrokloori	pyroklooreineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
pilkkoutua	pilkkoutuisin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;finnish
mikrofilmata	ette mikrofilmaa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;PL;finnish
äärimmäisyysryhmä	äärimmäisyysryhmään	N;IN+ALL;SG;finnish
kehkeytyä	ette liene kehkeytyneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;2;PL;finnish
asuntosäästäminen	asuntosäästämisiltä	N;AT+ABL;PL;finnish
ilotulite	ilotulitteissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
lipputiede	lipputieteiksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
kaihoisa	kaihoisalta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
söhliä	ei olisi söhlitty	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;finnish
kuloutua	en liene kuloutunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;POT;1;SG;finnish
nöyryytys	nöyryytykseksi	N;TRANS;SG;finnish
punasilmäisyys	punasilmäisyyksittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
koheta	kohenisi	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;finnish
ketjuttaa	ketjutettu	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
limata	olkoon limattu	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;finnish
pysyä	älköön pysyttäkö	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;finnish
antaa ilmi	olet antanut ilmi	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;finnish
podcastata	podcastaisitte	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;finnish
pyrstösulka	pyrstösuliksi	N;TRANS;PL;finnish
bensiinimoottori	bensiinimoottoreineen	N;COM;PL;finnish
bokserit	boksereilla	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
sijaita	olen sijainnut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
keikarimaisuus	keikarimaisuudetta	N;PRIV;SG;finnish
naksautus	naksautuksesta	N;IN+ABL;SG;finnish
omaleimaisuus	omaleimaisuus	N;NOM;SG;finnish
vuohipukki	vuohipukkeina	N;FRML;PL;finnish
pajukoitua	ei pajukoitunut	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;3;SG;finnish
metyylihydratsiini	metyylihydratsiinin	N;GEN;SG;finnish
liejusimpukka	liejusimpukalta	N;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
eristäytyä	olisimme eristäytyneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;finnish
adenomatoidi	adenomatoidiksi	ADJ;TRANS;SG;finnish
maanmies	maanmiehittä	N;PRIV;PL;finnish
entää	entää	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;finnish
ylihinnoitella	emme ole ylihinnoitelleet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
mielenhallinta	mielenhallinnoin	N;INS;PL;finnish
oromon kieli	oromon kielinä	N;FRML;PL;finnish
turhin	turhimpien	ADJ;GEADJ;PL;finnish
skulata	älkää olko skulanneet	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;2;PL;finnish
epäkiitollinen	epäkiitolliselta	ADJ;AT+ABL;SG;finnish
seivästää	ole seivästänyt	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;2;SG;finnish
vehreä	vehreä	ADJ;NOM;SG;finnish
kitistyä	kitistyin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;finnish
somaattinen	somaattista	ADJ;PRT;SG;finnish
dentaali	dentaaleille	N;AT+ALL;PL;finnish
ylimielisyys	ylimielisyyksillä	N;AT+ESS;PL;finnish
homehtua	en ole homehtunut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;1;SG;finnish
pyytää anteeksi	ei ollut pyydetty anteeksi	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;finnish
kvalifikaatio	kvalifikaatiossa	N;IN+ESS;SG;finnish
teoreetikko	teoreetikoissa	N;IN+ESS;PL;finnish
betoniarkkitehtuuri	betoniarkkitehtuurein	N;INS;PL;finnish
venyttää	et venytä	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;2;SG;finnish
annostella	lienee annostellut	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;POT;3;SG;finnish
tyrkkiä	emme tyrki	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;1;PL;finnish
edetä	edetty	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;finnish
nuoliviini	nuoliviinista	N;IN+ABL;PL;finnish
substanssiarvo	substanssiarvolla	N;AT+ESS;SG;finnish
katma	katsin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
kaalium	kaaliumi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
meitneerium	meitneeriumi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
petma	petsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
oskama	olgu osatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;estonian
kaltsium	kaltsiumiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kana	kanades	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
erinema	erinema	V;NFIN;estonian
reisija	reisijates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
mošee	mošeed	N;NOM;PL;estonian
nioobium	nioobiumdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
omandama	ärgu olgu omandanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
kustutama	ei kustutatud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
õpilane	õpilastena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
november	novembril	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
seisma	seisame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
õppimine	õppimiseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
otsima	otsisid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
kalur	kaluris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
kulles	kulles	N;NOM;SG;estonian
teietama	teietatud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
käskiv	käskivana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
saba	sabas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
oktoober	oktoobrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
külastama	ära külasta	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
peenis	peenistesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
külastama	ei olnud külastatudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
asjatundja	asjatundjateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
aktiinium	aktiiniumdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
kalastama	kalastati	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
elama	elatakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
sarnaluu	sarnaluus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
pöörama	ärgu pööraku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
keema	oli keedud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
kaubandus	kaubandusteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
sõna	sõnale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
trofee	trofeedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
tulema	oleksid tulnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
lendama	lennaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
teadus	teadust	N;PRT;SG;estonian
korsten	korstnalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
mobiiltelefon	mobiiltelefonid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
ahven	ahvenasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
seesütlev	seesütlevasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
iriidium	iriidiumdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
armastama	ei armastavat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
õhtu	õhtutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
vars	varred	N;NOM;PL;estonian
kuulma	kuuldav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
kastan	kastanile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kaelakee	kaelakee	N;GEN;SG;estonian
kaotama	kaotab	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
lavastama	lavastatavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
katma	kata	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
kohtama	kohtaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
saatma	ärgem saatkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
aser	aserini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
arutlema	arutletakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
rula	rulana	N;FRML;SG;estonian
langev	langevatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
reetma	reedavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
murjan	murjanite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
oluline	olulised	N;ACC;PL;estonian
rahvastikuteadus	rahvastikuteaduseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
nutma	nutad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
üritama	üritaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
kaksik	kaksikuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
nutma	ei olnud nutetudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
sadama	sadasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
lebama	olevat lebatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
vares	varestel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
nutma	on nutnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
lebama	ei olevat lebanudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
hüppama	hüpaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
harjutus	harjutustest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ratsu	ratsuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
protsessor	protsessorid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
kasutama	oli kasutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
arvama	arvaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
joodik	joodiku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
ajama	ajame	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
tüdruk	tüdrukutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
statistika	statistikatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
naasma	naaseksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
otsetabamus	otsetabamusele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
luterlane	luterlaseni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
kaevur	kaevuri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
murdma	ei olevat murretudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
heinakuu	heinakuu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
narkar	narkariteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
ostma	ostaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
elav	elavad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
küsimus	küsimusena	N;FRML;SG;estonian
vandenõu	vandenõuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
vanaadium	vanaadiumdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
jääpurikas	jääpurikas	N;NOM;SG;estonian
armastama	armastatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
liblikas	liblikaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
nussima	olite nussinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
soovima	olin soovinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
oksendama	ei oksendatud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
hirmuma	hirmutaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
armuma	oleksime armunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
valetaja	valetajas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
vibutama	olin vibutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
liivatee	liivateedes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
sõnaraamat	sõnaraamatuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
vibutama	vibutaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
keiser	keisritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
hüüdma	oli hüüdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
vihik	vihikuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kõri	kõri	N;ACC;SG;estonian
pürgima	pürgisite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
külastama	on külastatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ehitama	ehitaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
tanner	tandrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
sahkluu	sahkluudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
ootama	ei ootavat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
kuklaluu	kuklaluuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
katma	katan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
rehekuu	rehekuuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
muretsema	muretsesid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
jaapanlane	jaapanlasega	N;COM;SG;estonian
kaarik	kaarikut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
lükkama	oleme lükanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
kallas	kallastest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
ekvaator	ekvaatoriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
kesa	kesa	N;PRT;SG;estonian
õunapuu	õunapuuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kindel	kindlatesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
kuulutama	ära kuuluta	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
ajama	ajama	V;NFIN;estonian
tulek	tuleku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
teadma	ärgu teadku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
tahtma	ei taha	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
põrand	põrandast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
jääma	jäägu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
liibuma	olete liibunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
hüvitama	ei hüvitatud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ehitama	oleksid ehitanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
teietama	ärgu teietagu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
jäätuma	jäätunud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
oletama	oletaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
sigar	sigarita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
arvama	olid arvanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
petma	ei olevat petnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
karihiir	karihiirtesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
rahvas	rahvaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
nägema	näete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
kaevama	kaevatud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
higistama	higistaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
eine	einetel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
lintšima	lintšivat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
sirel	sirelile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
avama	oleme avanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
keeleteadus	keeleteadusteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
keerama	keeratavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
kuurium	kuuriumdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
faasan	faasanites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
samaarium	samaariumdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
mihklikuu	mihklikuuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
hallitama	ei olnud hallitanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
käsitlus	käsitlusele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
moslem	moslemitesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
märkima	märgiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
riietumine	riietumisele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
arutelu	aruteluna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
susi	soega	N;COM;SG;estonian
akvaarium	akvaariumdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
künnis	künnist	N;PRT;SG;estonian
purema	olin purenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
maasikas	maasikat	N;PRT;SG;estonian
liibuma	liibuvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
õhtu	õhtuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
korter	korteritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
lõikuskuu	lõikuskuudeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
läbistama	ärgu olgu läbistanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
peenar	peenardeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
traktor	traktoriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
nussima	ei nussivat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
seesütlev	seesütlevas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
luterlane	luterlastest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
muutma	muutev	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
märkima	ärgu olgu märkinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
terbium	terbiumiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kabel	kabelid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
vaikus	vaikuse	N;GEN;SG;estonian
käskima	olete käskinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
kohin	kohinast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
algama	ärgu olgu alanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
kaarik	kaarikuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
raadium	raadiumini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
kaevur	kaevurini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
kõndima	olin kõndinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
šotlane	šotlasega	N;COM;SG;estonian
joodik	joodikuid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
külastama	ei ole külastatudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
loendama	olevat loendatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
viitsima	viitsiv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
sadama	sajatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
ilves	ilveselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
inimkaubandus	inimkaubandustelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
oskama	oskaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
poro	porole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
tellimus	tellimus	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
kaklema	kakles	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
muretsema	ei olevat muretsetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
seisma	ei olnud seisnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
kallistama	kallistavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
seksuaalpartner	seksuaalpartner	N;NOM;SG;estonian
käskima	ei oleks käsitudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
maja	maja	N;NOM;SG;estonian
küünar	küünrast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
õhufilter	õhufiltrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
kai	kai	N;NOM;SG;estonian
kuulma	kuulgu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
itsitama	ära itsita	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
arutelu	aruteludest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
rõhukamber	rõhukambrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
strontsium	strontsiumdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
kõndima	oled kõndinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
naasma	ei ole naastudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
kuulutama	ärgu kuulutagu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
vaikima	ei olnud vaikitudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
õigekeelsussõnaraamat	õigekeelsussõnaraamatuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
väärjumal	väärjumalatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
täitma	on täitnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
leiutis	leiutistelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
rääkima	rääkinud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
jääma	jäid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ülalõualuu	ülalõualuudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
ostma	on ostnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
tõlkima	tõlkisid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
kiitma	ärgu olgu kiidetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
riidekoi	riidekoiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
rahvas	rahvast	N;PRT;SG;estonian
pirnipuu	pirnipuult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
idee	ideesse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
ristkülik	ristkülikuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
võima	ei või	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
oimuluu	oimuluusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
käima	olevat käinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
metsis	metsistes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
rula	rula	N;GEN;SG;estonian
male	male	N;ACC;SG;estonian
üterbium	üterbiumdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
kaklus	kaklustest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
palataliseerima	ärgu olgu palataliseerinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
soolane	soolaseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
raudtee	raudteedesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
kasutama	kasutaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
jugapuu	jugapuudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
indium	indiumid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
võrduma	oli võrdutud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
kapten	kaptenisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
saama	on saadud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
vaher	vahtratele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
kirjutusmasin	kirjutusmasinates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
austama	oleksite austanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
tõsi	tõelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
nägema	ärgu nähku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
petma	olite petnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
seestütlev	seestütlevast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
kaevama	kaevanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
oletama	oleme oletanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
itsitama	olevat itsitatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
tundma	ärge tundke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
tätoveerija	tätoveerijateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
kustutama	olen kustutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
germaanium	germaaniumid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
detsember	detsembrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
jäätama	jäätatud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
jääma	olgu jäänud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
tähendama	oli tähendatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
muutma	muutsid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ratas	rattast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
kaotama	kaotatud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
fopaa	fopaadena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
puhuma	on puhutud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
meeldima	ei ole meeldinudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
lootma	oleksite lootnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
õnnelik	õnnelike	N;GEN;PL;estonian
tulema	tulen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
hõberebane	hõberebasteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
tõlkima	ärgu olgu tõlkinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
püüdma	püüaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
kanep	kanepid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
kohtupidamine	kohtupidamiseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
palataliseerima	palataliseerigu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
petma	oleksin petnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
hüüdma	hüüdis	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
keerama	keeravad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
künnis	künniste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
paluma	palusid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
levik	levikutest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
portree	portreedeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
tegelik	tegelikule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
istuma	ei olnud istutudp	V;PASS;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ümberlõikamine	ümberlõikamistele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
venelane	venelastena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ööbik	ööbikuteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
leedulane	leedulasi	N;PRT;PL;estonian
šotlane	šotlast	N;PRT;SG;estonian
kaubanduskeskus	kaubanduskeskustel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
muretsema	olgu muretsenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;PL;estonian
klooster	kloostrites	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
lõbu	lõbudes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
aasta	aastateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
õppimine	õppimistel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
aasialane	aasialastele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
masturbeerimine	masturbeerimisega	N;COM;SG;estonian
kalifornium	kaliforniumdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
omama	omatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
äike	äikesel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
raamatukoi	raamatukoi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
teietama	olgu teietanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
reenium	reeniumdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
veski	veskide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
purema	olid purenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
kütma	kütaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
seletama	ei olevat seletanudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
labidas	labidateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
otsima	otsin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
paarituma	paaritud	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
muretsema	ei olevat muretsenudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
lintšima	on lintšitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
kasvama	ärgu kasvatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
õiglus	õiglusteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
antimon	antimonilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
neptuunium	neptuuniumdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
kaelkirjak	kaelkirjakut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ala	alualasid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
leegiheitja	leegiheitjad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
töö	töödeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
einsteinium	einsteiniumis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
heitma	oled heitnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
kippuma	kiputavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
alalütlev	alalütlevalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
seisma	seiske	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
kütma	kütavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
rida	ridadesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
langema	ei olevat langenudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
kaevama	kaevasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
inimkaubandus	inimkaubandusteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
masin	masinani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
toorium	tooriumdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
panema	ei ole pannudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
paarituma	ärgu olgu paaritutud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
tahtma	tahtkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
osmium	osmiumini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
oliivipuu	oliivipuud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
sõltuvus	sõltuvustes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
erinema	erinen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
kivi	kivini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
otsmikuluu	otsmikuluus	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
võimalus	võimalussega	N;COM;SG;estonian
jaapanlane	jaapanlastelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
istuma	olete istunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
imetaja	imetajaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
oletama	ei ole 	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
katma	katsite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
kapten	kapteneid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
rääkima	ärgu olgu rääkinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
rukis	rukkil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
kuklaluu	kuklaluu	N;GEN;SG;estonian
reetma	ärgu olgu reetnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
vaheldama	olgu vaheldanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
kaltsium	kaltsiumi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ootama	oodake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ingellik	ingelliku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
eitama	ei oleks eitanudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
imetama	olete imetanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
kaaries	kaariestelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
ehtima	ei ehitud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
hüvitama	oleksime hüvitanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
unustama	unusta	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
nikkuma	nikkusin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
õppima	ära õpi	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
laulja	lauljaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
nägema	ei nähta	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
röntgeenium	röntgeeniumdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
kesköö	kesköö	N;ACC;SG;estonian
järgnema	ärgu olgu järgnenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
jaanuar	jaanuar	N;NOM;SG;estonian
kaasa	kaasata	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
telefon	telefonil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
hirmuma	ärgu hirmutagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
nioobium	nioobiumdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
hõivama	oleksin hõivanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
kaadmium	kaadmiumdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
jooma	jooks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
islandlane	islandlane	N;NOM;SG;estonian
majandus	majandusteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
olema	oldaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
vares	varese	N;GEN;SG;estonian
lehtpuu	lehtpuu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
kaadmium	kaadmiumdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
kõndima	ei ole kõndinudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
ravim	ravimitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
higistama	ei higistatavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
siduma	seob	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
ninaluu	ninaluud	N;NOM;PL;estonian
ajama	ajasime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
keefir	keefiriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
käituma	ei käitutavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
tahtma	olevat tahetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
kääbus	kääbustes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
telefon	telefonid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
kiirendama	ei kiirendata	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
norralane	norralastelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
kanarbikukuu	kanarbikukuud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
oluline	olulisteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
petma	on petnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
laulma	oleksime laulnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
langev	langevatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
algama	alatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
korjama	oleme korjanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
koristama	oleme koristanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
seaborgium	seaborgiumdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ehitis	ehitistele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
gei	geideni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
aktiinium	aktiiniume	N;PRT;PL;estonian
mõistma	mõistaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
kroonu	kroonudesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
masturbeerima	masturbeeriv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
võlur	võluris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
ununpentium	ununpentiumdelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
läbistama	läbistan	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
langev	langevate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
redel	redeleid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
sõda	sõjal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
imema	ei olnud imenudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
ehtima	ehtinud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
tundma	ei olnud tundnudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
rästik	rästikutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
täitma	ärgu olgu täitnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ununpentium	ununpentiumita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
olema	on	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
suhkur	suhkru	N;GEN;SG;estonian
lõpetama	oleme lõpetanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
psühhiaater	psühhiaatriks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kiilluu	kiilluule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kerjama	ärgu olgu kerjatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
püüdma	oleksin püüdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
dubnium	dubniume	N;PRT;PL;estonian
maantee	maanteedeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
alalütlev	alalütlevateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
võitma	võidaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
lintšima	oleksin lintšinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
polüester	polüestrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
nussima	nussiksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
pisaraluu	pisaraluudele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
hoiduma	hoidute	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
valetaja	valetajates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
peenendama	oleksite peenendanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
hobune	hobuses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
järgnema	järgnetav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
pindluu	pindluuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
harima	hariks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
orhidee	orhideedele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
peaminister	peaministrist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
hukkama	hukake	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
loendama	ärgu loendagu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
nikkuma	oleme nikkunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
jalus	jalustes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
märkima	olid märkinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
osastav	osastava	N;ACC;SG;estonian
tüdruk	tüdrukuteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
levik	leviku	N;GEN;SG;estonian
talu	taludega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ühendama	ühendasime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
ekvaator	ekvaatoriteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
sõltuvus	sõltuvuste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
võitja	võitjatega	N;COM;PL;estonian
suvi	suvve	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
portree	portreede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
rukis	rukistelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
paluma	ei oleks palutudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
aadel	aadlina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
kuulutama	kuulutanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
armastama	ärgem armastagem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
peenendama	peenendaksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
euro	eurole	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
juuni	juunina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
võlur	võluritest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
arutelu	aruteludeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
harjutama	oleme harjutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
norralane	norralaseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
õhtu	õhtutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
ründama	rünnakem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ekvaator	ekvaatorisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
kange	kangetega	N;COM;PL;estonian
alkohol	alkoholis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
tahtma	tahtnud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
ootama	ei ole oodanudp	V;ACT;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
kannel	kandlelt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
vaher	vahtraid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
vahvel	vahvliteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
heinakuu	heinakuul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
iriidium	iriidiumi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
meeldima	meelditud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
jõuluöö	jõuluöödena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
tuletis	tuletisteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
jäätuma	ei jäätutaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
kaubanduskeskus	kaubanduskeskustes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
tundma	tunne	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
vaarikas	vaarikast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
vaidlema	ei oleks vaieldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
reetma	reetkem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
küülik	küüliku	N;ACC;SG;estonian
hüüdma	olete hüüdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
nägema	ärge nähke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
rinnahoidja	rinnahoidja	N;NOM;SG;estonian
veenma	ei veenvat	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
kanuu	kanuudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
parameeter	parameetrid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
õpetamine	õpetamistega	N;COM;PL;estonian
sõrmus	sõrmustena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
käsklus	käsklusega	N;COM;SG;estonian
seller	sellerite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
helilooja	heliloojateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
sõna	sõna	N;ACC;SG;estonian
katkema	ei katketa	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
naasma	ära naase	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
tallium	talliumina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
sõltuvus	sõltuvusel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
raudtee	raudteedena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
peenendama	oli peenendatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
naasma	naaseksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
harima	haritagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
poloonium	polooniumis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
kabe	kabest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
minema	läksite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
tõlkima	ärgu tõlkigu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
paluma	ei palutaks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
võlur	võlur	N;NOM;SG;estonian
saabuma	saabun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
saladus	saladusel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
kabel	kabeliteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
aken	aknaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
järgnema	olevat järgnetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ununseptium	ununseptiumid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
dubnium	dubniumi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
pokker	pokkerid	N;NOM;PL;estonian
vaher	vahtrani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
leheneeger	leheneegrite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
armuma	armuvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
teietama	ei teietatud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
tsirkoonium	tsirkooniumdest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
muretsema	muretsen	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
partii	partiid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
pärak	pärakutena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
sõudma	sõuetaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
elavhõbe	elavhõbedaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
mihklikuu	mihklikuuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
taanlane	taanlasele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
alalõualuu	alalõualuuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
ester	estriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
võitma	võidate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
oktoober	oktoobrilt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
uba	uba	N;NOM;SG;estonian
paluma	ei ole palutudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
jumal	jumalast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ründama	ründate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
terminaator	terminaatoritele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
väärjumal	väärjumalatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
kartul	kartulita	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
nobeelium	nobeeliumi	N;PRT;SG;estonian
terbium	terbiumile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
hüppama	oli hüpatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
parameeter	parameetrit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
vihkama	oleksite vihanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
teadma	ärgu olgu teadnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
maakeel	maakeeli	N;PRT;PL;estonian
nokkima	oleksin nokkinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
sündima	sünnitakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
malev	malevani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
kasvama	kasvaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
aitama	ei olnud aidanudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
kana	kanadest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
norralane	norralastena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
diameeter	diameetrile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
teadma	olin teadnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
tehneetsium	tehneetsiumdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
hoiatama	ärgu olgu hoiatanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
õigus	õigusele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
käsitlus	käsitlusest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
maasikas	maasikatest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
sõudma	sõuaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
paarituma	ärgu olgu paaritunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
idee	ideed	N;PRT;SG;estonian
õueaiamaa	õueaiamaadeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
nutma	oli nutetud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
kustutama	kustutatud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
ploomipuu	ploomipuu	N;NOM;SG;estonian
keema	ei olevat keenudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
rästik	rästikutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
sittuma	oleksime sittunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
tahtma	ei olevat tahetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
olema	ärge olge	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
laulma	ei oleks laulnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
kaltsedon	kaltsedondest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
inimene	inimesed	N;ACC;PL;estonian
hõõtsik	hõõtsikute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
võima	võidaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
darmstadtium	darmstadtiumid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
lavrentsium	lavrentsiumdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
kodanlane	kodanlastelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
paarituma	paarituvad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
reisima	reisid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
islandlane	islandlastest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
kaasaütlev	kaasaütlevas	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
isik	isikult	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
sittuma	olin sittunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
andma	ärgem andkem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
imema	oleksin imenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
orjus	orjused	N;NOM;PL;estonian
inglane	inglaste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
hõbemedal	hõbemedalite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
reetma	olevat reetnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
istuma	istuge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
aabe	aapega	N;COM;SG;estonian
telefon	telefonina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
raadium	raadiumis	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
hommik	hommikutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
vihkama	ärgem vihakem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
ühendama	oleks ühendatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
õetütar	õetütardes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
õigekeelsussõnaraamat	õigekeelsussõnaraamatut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
juuni	juuniks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
berkeelium	berkeeliumdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
müüja	müüjates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
varblane	varblast	N;PRT;SG;estonian
mõrsja	mõrsjateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
kobisema	ärgu olgu kobisenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
ununbium	ununbiumil	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
imema	imetud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
sõudma	olite sõudnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
kütma	oleks kütetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
jaatama	jaatad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
vara	varad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
hüvitama	ära hüvita	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
tellimus	tellimuseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
imik	imikul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
ühendama	ühendama	V;NFIN;estonian
lavastama	ei oleks lavastanudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
optik	optikut	N;PRT;SG;estonian
kee	keede	N;GEN;PL;estonian
andma	andku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
parameeter	parameetrini	N;TERM;SG;estonian
võima	oleksite võinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
kaubanduskeskus	kaubanduskeskuste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
sarnaluu	sarnaluuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
sigar	sigarile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kadakas	kadak	N;NOM;SG;estonian
lusikas	lusikad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
embama	olgu emmanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
kasvaja	kasvajalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
suudlus	suudlustega	N;COM;PL;estonian
õueaiamaa	õueaiamaadeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
püü	püüst	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
hoidma	on hoidnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ununkvaadium	ununkvaadiumdeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
helistama	ei helistata	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
kapital	kapitali	N;GEN;SG;estonian
jõulukuu	jõulukuu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
paluma	palutakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
röntgeenium	röntgeenium	N;NOM;SG;estonian
klubi	klubide	N;GEN;PL;estonian
hõlmkuu	hõlmkuude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
vannituba	vannitoalt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
kahju	kahju	N;GEN;SG;estonian
naasma	naaskem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
olev	olevatena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
sõltuvus	sõltuvuse	N;ACC;SG;estonian
kaelkirjak	kaelkirjakutega	N;COM;PL;estonian
kanep	kanepite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
oskama	osaku	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;PL;estonian
oda	odast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
nülgima	nülitav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
põlema	ei olevat põletudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
liibuma	oleksin liibunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
tulema	ei olevat tulnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
rebane	rebasele	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
magustama	magustasime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
kaltsedon	kaltsedoni	N;PRT;SG;estonian
muutus	muutuses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
lendur	lenduritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
nägema	nähtagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
katkema	katkevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
elama	elasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
magama	magav	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
kerjama	oleme kerjanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
nokkima	oli nokitud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
ingellik	ingellikesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
vahetusõpilane	vahetusõpilastes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
võitja	võitjaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
tallium	talliumiks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
tegema	teete	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
roojama	roojaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
õpetama	ei õpetata	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
germaanium	germaaniumist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
oletama	oletate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
talu	taludesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
parun	parunit	N;PRT;SG;estonian
ingellik	ingellikule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kasutama	on kasutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
ununseptium	ununseptiumi	N;GEN;SG;estonian
püü	püüdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
looma	ärgu loogu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
tuulium	tuuliumdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
tseesium	tseesiumdele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
ühendama	olite ühendanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
embama	embama	V;NFIN;estonian
lavastama	lavastatav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
nahkhiir	nahkhiirtes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
kivi	kivist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
selgitama	olevat selgitatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
kõndima	kõndiv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
surema	olite surnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
aaker	aakriteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
olema	olgu olnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
doktor	doktor	N;NOM;SG;estonian
kajakas	kajakasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
näitleja	näitlejad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
toomingas	toomingat	N;PRT;SG;estonian
peatus	peatused	N;NOM;PL;estonian
vadjalane	vadjalastes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
intervjuu	intervjuuga	N;COM;SG;estonian
omandama	ei oleks omandanudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
tuhnik	tuhnikuks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
jäätuma	jäätutaks	V;PASS;PRS;POS;COND;estonian
katus	katusteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
ujuma	ärgu ujutagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
ehtima	ärgu olgu ehitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
gallium	galliume	N;PRT;PL;estonian
leidma	olgu leidnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
saabuma	on saabutud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
soovima	ei soovitavat	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;QUOT;estonian
siduma	ei oleks sidunudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
alus	aluste	N;GEN;PL;estonian
rehekuu	rehekuudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
diameeter	diameetritega	N;COM;PL;estonian
arvama	arvab	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
leedulane	leedulastesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
rula	rulad	N;NOM;PL;estonian
hirmuma	hirmun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ankur	ankrul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
september	septembriga	N;COM;SG;estonian
oliivipuu	oliivipuuta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
surema	sureksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
kindralmajor	kindralmajoriteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
karihiir	karihiirteni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
harjutama	harjutage	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
kasutaja	kasutajate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
ununpentium	ununpentiumid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
kaksik	kaksikutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
skorpion	skorpioniks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
kobisema	kobisevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
kahjum	kahjumitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
veski	veskidelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
pensionär	pensionärdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
sõrmus	sõrmuses	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
sittuma	ärgu olgu sittunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;SG;estonian
harjutama	ei harjutatud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
avama	on avatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
hääletama	oli hääletatud	V;PASS;PST;PRF;POS;IND;estonian
kinnitama	oleksite kinnitanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
valgus	valgusel	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
murdma	olin murdnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
koristama	ärgu koristagu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
oletama	on oletanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
hoiduma	hoiduma	V;NFIN;estonian
sinine	sinisest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
holmium	holmiumina	N;FRML;SG;estonian
kuulutama	olin kuulutanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
tuba	tube	N;PRT;PL;estonian
alkohol	alkoholist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
mõis	mõisateta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
minema	olen läinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
ükssarvik	ükssarvikuteta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
kalastama	kalastagu	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;3;SG;estonian
harjama	olite harjanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
islandlane	islandlased	N;ACC;PL;estonian
sadama	ärgu sadagu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
ajama	ärgu ajagu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
kobisema	kobisesite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
armastama	armastas	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
vasar	vasaratest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
unustama	unustasin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
kahjum	kahjumisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
võrduma	oleksime võrdunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
saabuma	ei saabutud	V;PASS;PST;NEG;IND;estonian
reisima	oleksite reisinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
küülik	küülikutes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
külastama	külastama	V;NFIN;estonian
nokkima	oleks nokitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
ristkülik	ristkülikute	N;GEN;PL;estonian
oopium	oopiumid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
keppima	on keppinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
kaabel	kaablile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
sündima	sünnin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
jalanõu	jalanõusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
leiutis	leiutiselt	N;AT+ABL;SG;estonian
alam	alamal	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
sünnitama	oleksite sünnitanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
roojama	roojad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
aasta	aasta	N;NOM;SG;estonian
pöörama	ära pööra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;SG;estonian
vadjalane	vadjalased	N;NOM;PL;estonian
käsitlema	käsitlevat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
pesema	pesevad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
oksjon	oksjonite	N;GEN;PL;estonian
pürgima	pürgiks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
reetma	ärge reetke	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
ameriitsium	ameriitsium	N;NOM;SG;estonian
jalus	jalustest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
üterbium	üterbiumid	N;ACC;PL;estonian
vabastama	vabastad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
kobar	kobarani	N;TERM;SG;estonian
arutelu	aruteludeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
elama	ei oleks elanudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
kalkun	kalkunist	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
istuma	ärgu istugu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
lahkuma	oleme lahkunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
õunapuu	õunapuudest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
kobar	kobaratesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
sööma	olite söönud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
ilmaütlev	ilmaütlev	N;NOM;SG;estonian
näiline	näilistena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
olema	ei oleks olnudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
jääma	jääks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
männik	männikutesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
vahetusõpilane	vahetusõpilastest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
talu	talude	N;GEN;PL;estonian
andma	annaksite	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
väävel	väävlitele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
haarem	haaremitega	N;COM;PL;estonian
ühendama	ärgu ühendagu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;PL;estonian
varastama	olgu varastanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
äike	äikeseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
käsi	kätena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
kasutama	ei kasutataks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
reetma	oleks reedetud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
paaritumine	paaritumine	N;NOM;SG;estonian
vaheldama	ärge vaheldage	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;2;PL;estonian
pensionär	pensionärdega	N;COM;PL;estonian
kooljakuu	kooljakuuni	N;TERM;SG;estonian
araablane	araablastes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
naaber	naabritelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
hõbe	hõbedatel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
toomingas	toomingad	N;ACC;PL;estonian
raadium	raadiumi	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
leiutis	leiutistega	N;COM;PL;estonian
protaktiinium	protaktiiniumdesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
šaakal	šaakal	N;NOM;SG;estonian
sõltlane	sõltlaseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
vihkama	vihkate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
õmblusmasin	õmblusmasinaga	N;COM;SG;estonian
vöö	vööle	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
lahkuma	lahkutavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
kahjum	kahjumitel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
leidma	leidsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
nokkima	oleksite nokkinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
pere	perre	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
täitma	ei oleks täidetudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
põlema	põlegem	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;1;PL;estonian
põlema	on põlenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
kasvama	kasvate	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
murdma	murra	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
hääletama	oleme hääletanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
tuumor	tuumorile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
astuma	ei oleks astunudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
sõda	sõjale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
jaapanlane	jaapanlased	N;NOM;PL;estonian
kirsipuu	kirsipuusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
purema	olite purenud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
arvama	arvatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
haridus	haridusteks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
poolakas	poolakate	N;GEN;PL;estonian
peenis	peeniseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
nussima	oleksite nussinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF:POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
pöörama	olgu pööranud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IMP;SG;estonian
keeleluu	keeleluul	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
armastama	armastasid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
punker	punkris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
heinakuu	heinakuud	N;PRT;SG;estonian
aitama	ärgu olgu aidatud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;estonian
kuklaluu	kuklaluusse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
hafnium	hafniumi	N;ACC;SG;estonian
saatma	saadetakse	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IND;estonian
vaidlema	vaidlesite	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
kindel	kindlatelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
kuurium	kuuriumdes	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
küsimus	küsimusega	N;COM;SG;estonian
imema	imesid	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
jaatama	jaatatud	V.PTCP;PASS;PST;estonian
tundma	tundsime	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
kanuu	kanuust	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
hääletama	hääletas	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
plii	pliiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
muusik	muusikutele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
tapma	ei tapa	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
kinnitama	ei kinnitataks	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;COND;estonian
mõla	mõladeni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
laulma	ei oleks lauldudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
vastlakuu	vastlakuuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
käituma	käituksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
läbistama	ei läbista	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
mesi	meeks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
vaidlema	oleks vaieldud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
astuma	astun	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
hoiduma	hoiduti	V;PASS;PST;POS;IND;estonian
kiirgus	kiirguseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
liige	liikme	N;GEN;SG;estonian
isa	isast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
ununkvaadium	ununkvaadiume	N;PRT;PL;estonian
kroonu	kroonudelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
akvaarium	akvaariumiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
sangar	sangar	N;NOM;SG;estonian
käituma	käituksime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;PL;estonian
ühendama	ühendatavat	V;PASS;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
toitma	toidavad	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
kasvaja	kasvajaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
tuulium	tuuliumdel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
ihu	ihu	N;ACC;SG;estonian
nikkuma	nikkuge	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;PL;estonian
kaasaütlev	kaasaütlevaid	N;PRT;PL;estonian
sinatama	ärgem sinatagem	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;1;PL;estonian
lõpetama	lõpetasin	V;ACT;PST;POS;IND;1;SG;estonian
elav	elaval	N;AT+ESS;SG;estonian
tapma	ärgu tapku	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
ütrium	ütriumdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
otsetabamus	otsetabamuseks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
pesa	pesast	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
rajav	rajavaks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
heitma	heidaksin	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;1;SG;estonian
vaarikas	vaarikale	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
kaplan	kaplanitelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
sadam	sadamates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
hõivama	ei oleks hõivatudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;COND;estonian
algama	ärgu alatagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
detsember	detsembrisse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
öökima	öögime	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
jaatama	jaatatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
katma	olete katnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;PL;estonian
roodium	roodiumdena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
magama	magaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;2;SG;estonian
männik	männikutel	N;AT+ESS;PL;estonian
küünlakuu	küünlakuule	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
korjama	korjaks	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;SG;estonian
isadus	isaduseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
otsima	oleme otsinud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;1;PL;estonian
roojamine	roojamistelt	N;AT+ABL;PL;estonian
tapma	ärgu tapetagu	V;PASS;PRS;NEG;IMP;estonian
meitneerium	meitneeriumdeta	N;PRIV;PL;estonian
vahvel	vahvliks	N;TRANS;SG;estonian
embama	emmanud	V.PTCP;ACT;PST;estonian
muusik	muusikuna	N;FRML;SG;estonian
einsteinium	einsteiniumiga	N;COM;SG;estonian
küsima	küsitagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
pere	peredest	N;IN+ABL;PL;estonian
uba	ubadele	N;AT+ALL;PL;estonian
tähendama	on tähendanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
naerma	ärgu naergu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
germaanium	germaaniumile	N;AT+ALL;SG;estonian
nikkuma	olite nikkunud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;2;PL;estonian
terminaator	terminaatoris	N;IN+ESS;SG;estonian
laulma	laula	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IMP;2;SG;estonian
hoidma	olevat hoietud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
ühendama	ühendatagu	V;PASS;PRS;POS;IMP;estonian
vabastama	oled vabastanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;2;SG;estonian
otsima	ei olnud otsinudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
küsima	oleks küsitud	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;POS;COND;estonian
lööma	ärgu löögu	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IMP;3;SG;estonian
murdma	ei murra	V;ACT;PRS;NEG;IND;estonian
kuklaluu	kuklaluudeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
promeetium	promeetiumdeks	N;TRANS;PL;estonian
sadama	ärgu olgu sadanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian
lavastama	lavastab	V;ACT;PRS;POS;IND;3;SG;estonian
paarituma	paarituksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
tuba	tuppatoasse	N;IN+ALL;SG;estonian
meeldima	ei olnud meeldinudp	V;ACT;PST;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
alam	alamates	N;IN+ESS;PL;estonian
hirmuma	hirmuvat	V;ACT;PRS;POS;QUOT;estonian
sittuma	situtav	V.PTCP;PASS;PRS;estonian
vangerdus	vangerduseta	N;PRIV;SG;estonian
ootama	on oodanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;IND;3;PL;estonian
hoidma	ei ole hoietudp	V;PASS;PRS;PRF;NEG;IND;estonian
häirima	häiriv	V.PTCP;ACT;PRS;estonian
papagoi	papagoid	N;PRT;SG;estonian
kulles	kullesest	N;IN+ABL;SG;estonian
siduma	ei olevat sidunudp	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;QUOT;estonian
kolonel	koloneldena	N;FRML;PL;estonian
sadama	sajaksid	V;ACT;PRS;POS;COND;3;PL;estonian
kaklema	olevat kakelnud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;POS;QUOT;estonian
põhiseadus	põhiseadustesse	N;IN+ALL;PL;estonian
keiser	keisri	N;GEN;SG;estonian
hoidja	hoidjateni	N;TERM;PL;estonian
põletama	ärgu olgu põletanud	V;ACT;PRS;PRF;NEG;IMP;PL;estonian